  Unknown

  From:     Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPI ENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
  Sent:     Friday, March 28, 2008 10:04 AM
  To:       Paulette Schuerch; Paulette Schuerch
  Cc:       'fekgwnr@yahoo.com'
  Subject : FW: Correction: PR 08-044a Governor Palin Appoints to Suicide Prevention Council 032708
  Here ya go! Congrats Paulette! Sorry it took so long for us to get the rest of them filled.

  F


  From : Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV) [mailto:jessalynn.rintala@alaska.govj
  Sent : Thursday, March 27, 2008 5:05 PM
 To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
 Cc: Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV)
  Subject : Correction: PR 08-044a Governor Palin Appoints to Suicide Prevention Council 032708




 Correction : updated information
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                 No. 08-044a

                 Governor Palin Appoints to Suicide Prevention Council,
                             Workforce Investment Board

 March 27, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced appointments to
 the Suicide Prevention Council and the Alaska Workforce Investment Board.

                                       Suicide Prevention Council
 Governor Palin appointed Bernard Gatewood of Fairbanks to a four-year term on the state's
 Suicide Prevention Council.
 The council, which operates under the state Department of Health and Social Services,
 serves in an advisory capacity to the Governor and the Legislature with respect to what
 actions can and should be taken to improve health and wellness throughout the state by
 reducing suicide and its effect on individuals, families and communities. The council works
 to broaden public awareness of suicide and the risk factors related to suicide, enhance
 suicide prevention services and programs throughout the state, and develop healthy
 communities through comprehensive, collaborative, community-based, and faith-based
 approaches. The council develops and implements a statewide suicide prevention plan and
 provides partnerships between public and private entities that will advance suicide-
 prevention efforts in the state.


                                                                                                ROSTON 01784
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 Gatewood has 25 years of experience in human services, including education, mental health and
 juvenile corrections. He is a 20-year veteran of the state's Division of Juvenile Justice and has
 worked around the state at such facilities as the McLaughlin Youth Center in Anchorage, Fairbanks
 Youth Facility, and Johnson Youth Center in Juneau. Gatewood is a past member of the Fairbanks
 North Star Borough Health and Social Services Commission. He earned a bachelor's degree in
 sociology from Howard University in Washington, D.C., and a master's degree in counseling from
 the University of La Verne in California.


                               Alaska Workforce Investment Board
 Governor Palin filled seven vacancies on the Workforce Investment Board. Linda Hulbert of
 Fairbanks and David Rees of Eagle River were reappointed to four-year terms. They will be joined
 by new Board members Sharlene Berg of Talkeetna, John Cannon of Wasilla, Tony Delia of
 Anchorage, Jim Lynch of Fairbanks and Paulette Schuerch of Anchorage, who were also appointed
 to four-year terms.
 An arm of the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development, the Workforce Investment
 Board develops and oversees the implementation of a comprehensive state human resource
 investment system. The board also works to promote an efficient, effective and integrated system
 of employment education and training programs and services so that all Alaskans have the skills
 and opportunities necessary to earn a living wage and to meet the future business needs of the
 state.
 Hulbert is a former educator with a long history of volunteer public service with workforce
 readiness groups at the state and local levels, including service to four different governors. She
 currently serves as vice chair of the Interior Alaska Regional Workforce Board and is a past
 member of the Fairbanks Private Industry Council, Governor's Council for Career and Vocational
 Education, State Job Training Coordinating Council and Alaska Workforce Board. She earned a
 bachelor's degree in education from Springfield College in Massachusetts.
 Rees brings to the board 30 years of experience in Alaska's oil industry, with jobs focused on
 safety, training and workforce development within and without the industry. He is currently
 employed by BP Exploration, Alaska, where he works as senior technical resourcing specialist. A
 former educator, Rees currently chairs the board of the Alaska Business/Education Compact. He is
 chairman of the board of the Alaska Process Industry Careers Consortium and has extensive
 experience on a variety of state and industry-related boards, councils, and committees. Rees
 earned a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Stanford University, a master's degree in secondary
 education from the University of Oregon, and a master's degree in physical science from the
 University of Portland in Oregon.
 Berg is a 35-year resident of Alaska who has worked in the tourism industry for 18 years and
 currently holds the position of director of lodging for Cook Inlet Region Inc.'s Alaska Tourism
 division. She serves on the board of directors of both the Alaska Hotel and Lodging Association
 and the Mat-Su chapter of the Alaska Travel Industry Association. Previously, Berg lived and
 worked in Denali National Park and served on the Denali Borough Assembly.
 Cannon has 26 years of work, education and training experience in the field of service to people
 with developmental disabilities. Since 1987, he has been the executive director of Mat-Su Services
 for Children and Adults, which provides residential, respite and supported employment services for
 Valley residents with developmental disabilities. Cannon is a certified trainer specializing in the
 prevention of abuse and neglect of vulnerable adults. He earned a bachelor's degree in sociology
 from Iowa Wesleyan College and a master's degree in human services program development and
 administration from the University of Alaska Anchorage.
 Delia has 33 years of experience in the Alaska oil and gas industry . He is currently the owner of
 Tony Delia Enterprises, which provides administrative management and general
 consulting services . Previously, he served as the executive director of human resources
 for the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation Service Center . He is well-versed in the operations
 of Alaska's Native regional corporations and with the opportunities and challenges of workforce
 development in Alaska's oil industry. Delia is a member of the Alyeska Section 29 Advisory Board


                                                                             ROSTON 01785
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  and the Alaska Process Industry Careers Consortium.
  Lynch is a longtime Alaskan with extensive experience in workforce development, particularly in
  the health-care industry. He is employed as chief human resources officer for Banner Health's
  Alaska facilities, and serves as chairman of the Interior Regional Advisory Council on Workforce
  Development. Lynch is a member of the Alaska State Hospital Association's Workforce
  Development Committee. He earned a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of
  Alaska Fairbanks and has been a certified public accountant since 1997.
  Schuerch is the president of the Copper River Native Corporation. She is experienced in Native
  issues and is a former tribal government services administrator for Maniilaq Association in
  Kotzebue. Schuerch has also served as executive director of the Inuit Circumpolar Conference and
  as a special assistant to the mayor of the Northwest Arctic Borough. She earned a bachelor's
  degree in business administration and a master's degree in health services administration, both
  from Alaska Pacific University.




                                                                                  ROSTON 01786
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
