Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

              From:                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
              Sent:                   Monday, November 19, 2007 2:23 PM
              To:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:                     Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV)
              Subject:                RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


              Michelle - I think doing a letter would be great. Thanks, Janice



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 2:14 PM

              To: Mason ,   Janice L tGOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

              Subject: FW: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




              I can do a letter if it sounds good to you.

              -Michelle



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 9:37 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




              Web mail from: Mr. Laddie Shaw

              address: 2029 Meander Dr Anchorage AK 99516

               317-2505



              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,

             I want to thank you for your ongoing support for our veterans and active military. This
             past Veterans Day 25 Alaskan veterans from the Vietnam War celebrated the 25th Anniversary
             of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, or as we refer to it "The Wall." I forward to you a
             Compass piece I wrote for the Anchorage Daily News (but not published) honoring a veteran
             with a mission to honor other veterans, Bob Moore. You undoubtedly know Bob, because I
             understand his kids provided occasional "baby sitting" services for one or more of your
             kids.

              In addition to my thanks for your respect and honor of our veterans and for a job well
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008011
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             done as Governor (above and beyond the call of duty)I would like to respectfully request a
             letter from you to Bob Moore for his service and sacrifice as a veteran and for his
             efforts on behalf of other veterans . As I note in my proposed Compass piece, one 'ol
             soldier made a difference by "continuing to serve" with his mission of the Trail Riders.

             Also as a side note, I must highlight on the wonderful story about your folks in Sundays
             paper. Chuck and Sally are "old" friends and truly marvelous people.

             Thank you in advance for your consideration of this request.

             Bobs address is:

             Bob Moore

             PO Box 873471

             Wasilla, AK 99687



             In November of 1919, President Woodrow Wilson issued his Armistice Day proclamation. The
             last paragraph set the tone for future observances:

               "To us in America, the reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn pride in
             the heroism of those who died in the country' s service and with gratitude for the victory,
             both because of the thing from which it has freed us and because of the opportunity it has
             given America to show her sympathy with peace and justice in the councils of the nation."

             Armistice Day is now celebrated as Veterans Day, a day to remind us of sacrifice and
             service to country, a time for reflection, and a time to openly honor our veterans.
             Veterans Day is a time to pay our respect to all veterans for their sacrifices and for
             protecting the freedom we so cherish in America. This year, as an added honor we pay our
             respects to over 9 million men and women who served during the Vietnam era by celebrating
             the 25th Anniversary of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial or more commonly referred to as "The
             Wall."

             The idea to have Alaskan veterans represented in the Anniversary celebration was the idea
             of one "ol' soldier" and present day Alaskan cowboy, Bob Moore. Bob is a highly decorated
             Vietnam veteran who served three tours of duty in Vietnam, both as an infantry soldier and
             combat Helicopter pilot and is the "Trail Boss" for the Alaska Trail Riders of Alaska. The
             Alaska Trail Riders is an organization that was formed to provide therapeutic trail rides
             for disabled veterans and children. Bob was going to take a "trail ride" as he put it, to
             recognize the anniversary , but his trail ride became a mission , a mission for healing and
             to honor the sacrifices of his fellow veterans . The irony in Bob's endeavor to honor his
             fellow veterans , is that he is a disabled veteran himself.

             Bob developed a fund raising strategy to support the Trail Riders efforts to bring 25
             Alaskan veterans to the anniversary celebration and that strategy involved riding his
             horse 400 miles across Alaska. Riding with memories and a mission Bob Moore rode out of
             Wasilla at sunrise with the hope of a positive fund raising campaign and "rounding up" a
             group of veterans to attend the anniversary of the "Wall." His ride brought together
             veterans for the cause, in turn a committee was formed and the mission was in place. By
             the time he had ridden from Wasilla to Cantwell and Paxton the Trail Riders had nearly
             $40,000 in pledges from major oil companies, native corporations, local business and
             service organizations to support the 25 vets traveling to Washington DC for the
             Anniversary Parade.

             Alaska Airlines, a huge supporter, has designated the flight carrying the delegation to DC
             on November 8th "The Alaska Freedom Bird," commemorating the Freedom Bird designation of
             the homecoming flights from Vietnam. We expect more than 50,000 veterans and family
             members to join the Alaska delegation for this historic event.

             The wall is the touchstone of a generation, a sacred place for Vietnam veterans, our
             emotional "welcome home." Over 58,000 names are etched in simple black granite as a
             reminder of the cost of freedom and the sacrifice of a generation.

             One "ol' soldier" took on a cause and made a difference. He had memories, haunting
                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0008012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              memories, and he had a . mission and that mission was the foundation of the Vietnam Veterans
              of America " Never again will one generation of veterans abandon another."

              A new generation is presently continuing the fight for liberty , freedom and the American
              way. Please take the time to welcome home a service member and honor a vet. Don't let this
              generation of soldiers be forgotten for their sacrifices.




              LandLShaw @ gci.net




                                                           3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008013
