Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                   From :   John Katz jwkatz ALASKADC.org]
                   Sent:    Tuesday, November 20, 2007 12:52 PM
                   To:      Karen Rehfeld; Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                   Cc:      Leo von Scheben; Joan Brown; Mike Nizich
                  Subject: Federal Funding/State Budget


                 At today's Cabinet meeting, there was brief mention of federal funding for various
                 programs. Accordingly, I offer the following perspectives.

                 The federal budget is still very much a work in progress. However, looking at the broad
                 spectrum of authorizations and appropriations, I'm not at all sure that the State will suffer
                 significant reductions in federal programmatic-funding. For the most part, the President
                 and Congress are fighting about the level of increases in programs. There is very little
                 discussion of actual reductions.

                 A good example is the Denali Commission. When all of the sound and fury are over, I
                 suspect that the Commission's budget for FFY '08 will generally approximate the one for
                 '07. The same will likely be true for the significant funding streams that flow to Alaska
                 Tribes and to rural development.

                 Of course, there are differences in the budget approach for the current fiscal year. The
                 total number of earmarks will be reduced by about half. This will undoubtedly impact
                 some state agencies, such as DF&G, which have relied heavily on earmarks in the past.
                 However, a number of previous earmarks for Alaska were never requested by the State and
                 do not necessarily fit into the Governor's priorities. Some Commissioners have told me
                 that these earmarks are more trouble than they're worth.

                 Another difference is that, as mentioned by a couple of people today, the Congressional
                 delegation is asking that we provide matching funds to complement most federal earmark
                 requests. This was not always a requirement in the past. So, undoubtedly, there will be
                 an impact on the State budget, but these earmarks should reflect the Governor's
                 priorities.

                 One looming problem is funding for surface transportation. If not corrected, the deficit in
                 the federal highway trust fund could affect future projects in Alaska. However, since this
                 problem is of great concern to all states, my guess is that there will be at least a temporary
                 solution even considering the Bush administration's aversion to higher gas taxes.

                 If need be, let's talk further about the relationship between the State budget and its federal
                 counterpart. In this regard, the President has threatened to veto almost every
                 appropriations bill. So, the ultimate solution - whether separate bills, an omnibus
                 package, or a continuing resolution beyond mid-December - may be a long time in
                 coming.


                Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                jwkata@alaskadc.org. Thank you.




                8/28/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0008064
