Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From :   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                  Sent:    Friday, November 23, 2007 9:22 AM
                  To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); fek9wnr@yahoo.com
                  Subject: great letter to the editor from Phil Schneider
                 Increased oil profits tax benefits Alaskans , won't drive out drillers

                 I feel compelled to laud Gov . Sarah Palin and our legislators . Despite what some want us to believe, the
                 oil companies are not going anywhere . It will take much more than a 25 percent profits tax and a couple
                 of extra concessions to scare companies from our state . Their ads are right. We have a long-standing
                 relationship with the oil industry . What happened as a result of the special session won't jeopardize that.

                 Oil company officials have had to grovel with President Hugo Chavez in Venezuela . Many have worked
                 with corrupt and unstable governments in Africa . Corporations continue to build massive infrastructure,
                 elaborate security systems and miles of transportation grid in remote places . Many of these places are
                 harder to reach than the North Slope . None offer the hardest-working and most innovative work force in
                 the world.

                 There are safer places for oil companies to do business . In Norway oil firms pay a corporate tax of 28
                 percent and a special tax of 50 percent on oil profits.

                 Whether or not a few not- so-bright legislators sold their votes for pennies on the dollar last year , a new oil
                 tax structure and a better deal for Alaskans makes sense today . We owe the governor and the Legislature
                 big thanks. They had the foresight and courage to make history.

                 - Phil Schneider

                 Anchorage




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0008079
