Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown

                  From :     Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.Ieschper@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:       Friday, November 23, 2007 9:49 PM
                 To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:         ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV);
                             Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: Remarks for AEA Railbelt Conf
                 Governor:

                 I've attached a copy of the final draft of your remarks for Monday's (Nov. 26) AEA Railbelt Conference at
                 8:30 a.m.
                 If you have any trouble opening the document, I can resend it.

                 Please let me know if you' d like me to make any changes.

                 I've also attached an agenda.

                 Beth Leschper
                 907-465-3443
                 907-723-1321


                 Alaska Railbelt Electrical Grid Authority
                 Technical Conference

                 8:30 a.m. November 26, 2007
                 Sheraton Anchorage Hotel - Howard Rock Ballroom - 2nd floor

                 You will be introduced by Brad Janorschke , Homer Electric Association General
                 Manager
                 About 140 participants
                       . Utility board members - the new Golden Valley Electric Association CEO will be
                         there and introduced
                       . Utility technical staff (all Railbelt General Managers on the program, either
                          presenting or moderators)
                       . Representatives from the environmental/renewable energy community
                        Cook Inlet production managers and staff (Chevron, Marathon Conoco-Phillips
                          invited)
                        Agrium representatives
                        IBEW representatives
                        MEA rate payer alliance people
                        Financial consultants
                        Native Corporation representatives
                        ISER representative
                        UAF energy researcher
                        Members of the public
                        Names in red below are VIPs if you'd like to recognize them




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008080
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 4



                 Thanks & Acknowledgements
                    . Master of Ceremonies - Brad Janorschke (juh nor ski ), Homer Electric Association
                      General Manager
                    . Emil Notti , Commissioner of Commerce, Community and Economic Development

                    . Larry Hartig, Commissioner of Environmental Conservation

                    . Ron Miller , Exec director of Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA)
                      and Alaska Energy Authority

                     Tony Price, Chairman of Regulatory Commission of Alaska

                     John Norman , Chair Oil and Gas Commission

                     Senator Fred Dyson
                     Senator Lesil McGuire
                 Good morning.
                 I'm so pleased to join you as you begin the process of mapping out the best route for the
                 Railbelt Grid for the next 20-30 years.
                 Thanks to Rep. Norm Rokeberg for securing the appropriation to fund the Railbelt Electrical
                 Grid Authority (REGA) study.

                 (pause)

                 My administration has set forth the basic building blocks for a comprehensive Alaska energy
                 policy.

                 Our policy has one goal - affordable, reliable energy for all of Alaska now - and in the future.
                 To achieve this goal we must focus on:
                     Conservation and energy efficiency
                     New fuel sources
                     Sustainable energy projects
                     Comprehensive planning
                 Conservation and energy efficiency are "low-hanging fruit." Every Alaskan organization,
                 business and household should have a program of examining its energy consumption and
                 looking for ways to reduce monthly bills.
                 Savings of 10 to 30 percent can be realized through simple measures such as lighting retrofits,
                 energy efficient appliances and weatherization.

                 The state can lend a hand through programs such as AHFC's weatherization program and


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008081
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 3 of 4


                 AEA's energy cost reduction program.
                 Through the energy cost reduction program we are helping the Anchorage School District
                 reduce its utility bills by $4.6 million over the next 15 years through lighting retrofits, better
                 HVAC controls and other efficiency measures.
                 (pause - New Fuel Sources)
                 Rate-payers throughout Alaska are suffering from high energy costs due to increases in crude
                 oil prices and higher prices for declining natural gas stocks.
                 Some Alaskans have reacted by calling for massive state subsidies for renewable or
                 alternative fuel projects. However, those projects must be economically practical.
                 We must determine the availability of renewable and alternative fuels to the load centers. That
                 is why my Administration is assembling a state-wide inventory of energy sources.

                 The Alaska Energy Inventory Project is a joint effort by the Department of Natural Resources
                 and AEA to inventory and compile all available data on Alaskan energy resources suitable for
                 electrical power generation and space-heating.
                 The data will be accessible to the public through a web-based, interactive map. This inventory
                 is building on work initiated by AEA and the Renewable Alaska Energy Project (REAP) in
                 producing the Alaska Renewable Energy Atlas.
                 (pause)
                 28 States and the District of Columbia have established Renewable Energy Portfolio
                 Standards (mandatory) or Goals (voluntary). The most ambitious of these programs are aiming
                 for 25% renewable energy by 2025.

                 Thanks to our abundant hydropower, Alaska is already producing more than 24 percent of its
                 electricity from renewable sources.
                 Increasing the use of renewable energy is in the long-term best interest of the state. We will
                 work on a renewable energy goal as part of our strategic energy plan.
                  (pause - Sustainable Energy Projects)
                 Government funding of power projects in Alaska should only be used to complement - not
                 displace - private capital. If state funds are used to support an energy project, priority should
                 be given to sustainable projects.
                 Sustainable projects are those that, at a minimum, generate revenues. sufficient to pay the
                 costs of management, operation, maintenance, renewal and replacement.
                 These costs may be lowered through comprehensive planning, in some instances
                 regionalization of management structures, and the use of alternatives with costly diesel-
                 generation used all too frequently across Alaska.

                 (pause - Comprehensive planning)
                 Comprehensive planning will help guide the efficient use of financial resources. Our overall


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0008082
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 4 of 4


                 goal of affordable, reliable energy applies to all areas of the state.
                 However, due to distinct challenges we will be working on developing a plan that established
                 goals for each geographic region that includes southeast, rural and the railbelt.
                 In the Railbelt , we could achieve economies and efficiencies of scale if all six utilities worked
                 together on how we will replace aging generation , find new fuel sources , accommodate a
                 growing population base and produce electricity at a price rate-payers can afford . That is why I
                 am encouraged to see so many interested stakeholders here today!
                 Our energy future could require investments beyond the reach of any one Railbelt utility. This
                 underscores the need for cooperation . I challenge all of you to work together to achieve our
                 goal of establishing the secure, sustainable energy future we all need.
                 The economic well-being of the state is dependent on affordable , reliable energy. An
                 inadequate supply or over-priced energy can be a deterrent to private investment resulting in
                 lost expanded business opportunities and jobs.

                 Think about our opportunity here - to put Alaska on a stronger economic footing for future
                 generations . I wish you the best in this conference and the REGA study and I stand ready to
                 assist you in your efforts.
                 Thank you.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0008083
