Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                  Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=M KR UTH ERFORD]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, November 21, 2007 8:04 AM
             To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                FW: Confirmation of the Novemberl 5th discussion


             Governor,

             For your information, no action required.

             Marty



             -----Original Message------

             From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

             Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 7:58 AM

             To: Bowles, Jim; Wenzel, Brian

             Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Subject: RE: Confirmation of the Novemberl5th discussion



             Jim,

             Thanks for the response. My only concern is that the "advance list" of individuals will
             not truly hold the information confidential.  My experience is the best way to assure the
             desired outcome is to time the courtesy notice quite close to the public date.

             If this could be managed it would be appreciated. Have a Happy Thanksgiving!

             Marty



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Bowles, Jim (mailto:Jim.Bowles@conocophillips.com]

             Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 5:27 AM

             To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Wenzel, Brian

             Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Subject: Re: Confirmation of the Novemberl5th discussion




            Marty, thanks for the feedback and confirmation of our discussion. Jim Mulva is looking
            forward to the meeting on the 27th and will be prepared to share the ConocoPhillips
            proposal with the Governor and make a formal submittal on the 30th. With regard to the
            last point, we would like to be in position to pre-inform a few confidentially in advance
            of the 30th as a courtesy heads up, but this would be a short list.

             Jim Bowles

                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008073
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

             To: Bowles, Jim; Wenzel, Brian

             Cc: tom.irwin@alaska.gov <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

             Sent: Tue Nov 20 18:01:11 2007

             Subject: Confirmation of the Novemberl5th discussion



             Jim, Brian,




             Thank you for last weeks update and overview of the meeting that will occur between the
             Governor and Mr. Mulva on November 27th.   I am sorry the Governor was unable to meet with
             you as well, however I was able to provide her a summary of the information you shared,
             with Commissioner Irwin and me. I also reconfirmed that the Governor will meet with Mr.
             Mulva in California on the 27th.




       i

             I would like to summarize my understanding of how things will now progress:



             1. At the November 27th meeting Mr. Mulva will give Governor Palin a letter and summary
             document;



             2.  On November 30th you will deliver to the SOA the same letter and summary document, as
             well as supporting materials;



             3.  ConocoPhillips will make no statements, public nor private, regarding this proposal
             until it is formally delivered to the SOA on November 30th.




             If I have misrepresented your understanding of how things will progress, please let me
             know at your earliest opportunity.



            Thanks again,


                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Marty




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0008075
