Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From :   Kris Norosz [KrisN@Icic[eSeafoods.com]
                 Sent:    Monday, November 26, 2007 6:59 PM
                 To:      Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:      Crome; Cora J (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                 Subject: Support for the UAF "fisheries" line item
                 Dear Governor Palin,
                 I wish to express my strong support for the University of Alaska's Operating
                 Budget request of $1.0 million for "fisheries".
                 This line item request is for the UAF School of Fisheries & Ocean Sciences to
                 expand and revamp their fisheries programs to better prepare students through
                 academic studies and actual experience obtained via internships to enter career
                 jobs associated with the Alaska seafood industry. These jobs may include careers
                 in local/state/federal government agencies, seafood processing firms, Native
                 corporations, and other related businesses as management biologists, policy
                 analysts, fleet and plant managers, marketers, etc.
                 The new undergraduate programs in fisheries allows students to receive a much
                 wider exposure to the disciplines that are engaged in this industry that is so
                 important to Alaska's economy and particularly its coastal communities. The new
                 programs were developed as a result of the efforts of the University of Alaska,
                 the Rasmuson Foundation, and members of the Fisheries Excellence Committee.
                 The fisheries line item in the budget is needed as part of the match for the $5
                 million grant from the Rasmuson Foundation. This is a great opportunity to
                 enhance and improve our Fisheries & Ocean Sciences program at the University of
                 Alaska. I believe it is critical that we provide Alaskans with the educational tools
                 that will lead to career employment opportunities that are available in many of
                 our Alaskan communities.
                 We need to have a strong academic program in fisheries at the University of
                 Alaska that is commensurate to Alaska's standing as the largest seafood producer
                 in the nation. With Alaska's strong commitment to sustainable fisheries, we need
                 to ensure that we have the ability to educate the next generation of leaders to
                 study, manage, and monitor this important resource.
                 I urge you to fund the University's request for the "fisheries" line item.
                 Thank you for your consideration.

                 Kris Norosz
                 P.O. Box 805
                 Petersburg, Alaska 99833




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0008096
