Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Monday, November 26, 2007 9:28 AM
               To:                     'guidofrancos@excite.com'
               Subject:                RE: Health-Care


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

               Sent: Sunday, November 25, 2007 11:13 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Health-Care




               Web mail from: Mr. Guido Franco Sordelli

               address :   4620 Parsons Avenue Anchorage AK 99508

                907-764-3115




               MESSAGE:

               First of all I personally would like to congratulate the Governor Sarah Palin on wonderful
               action to pass AGIA and show to the Oil Companies that the People of Alaska are not just
               Pawns to oil companies. 25 per cent is a modest tax compared for example to Norway 28 per
               cent and extra 50% on Profit.

               How come Norway managed to save 310 Billion in their Permanent Oil fund and so far Alaska
               has 40 Billion in approximately the same period? You should research and compare.



              Health Care.  2008 is a crucial year to start to make some serious changes to our
              situation. We in the State of Alaska are blessed but we need to be leaders in Health care
              reform. The industry is now out of control, in the hand of greedy corporations, Drug
              manufactures, insurance companies that decide who lives and who dies. Huge amounts of
              money are wasted

              I had the opportunity to research for many years and coming from European background,
              where people do not go broke if they get sick or cannot be insured because of preexisting
              conditions and other factors, Alaska with the small population could set a radical example
              of Health Care for its citizens.

              People are afraid of change but we need to be proactive and innovative because the
              solutions are available.

              My grandfather during his tenure as Mayor of Milano, just right after World War Two, was a
              leader into establishing free basic hospitals and medical care for the MILANESE citizens
              brutalized by a long conflict.Same population as alaskan.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008124
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               i really cannot see the reason why we cannot figure out a way to to something similar for
               Alaskan . After all now if you are Alaska Native you have an excellent help at Alaska
               Native Medical Hospital!



               Governor , I met you in person in Eagle River during a small Fourth of July event perhaps
               organized by the Lions . We had a brief chat and offered to volunteer in your campaign.
               However things did not work out because I was never contacted in spite of a few visits to
               your office in Anchorage . I then decided to support you in my own way and convince
               everyone I met to vote for you , including taking people to vote.

               I knew then you had a good chance . I am now very pleased to have you as Governor of
               Alaska , the First Woman to finally start breaking down the Good Old Boys Network of
               Corruption and Deceit with courage and innovation.

               My full name is Guido Franco Piero Gussalli Peja Sordelli , sound like an handful, but I
               have a legacy to uphold coming from one of the oldest family in Europe . The Gussalli
               family branch controls BERETTA the oldest Corporation on Earth , Gun Manufacturers. My
               ancestor was Dr . Sordello , you can look it up in the Britannica , a Doctor counselor to old
               royals of Europe .  I am that Huge Guy that chatted with you.

               I would like to introduce myself in person next time you are in town and talk to you about
               the future . I was born in 1954, bilingual , college educated with Medical
               background /Accounting / Management / Computers and Software Research and other interesting
               skills like Figure Skating , almost made the Olympics , and Skiing , a PSIA/ italian Coach.

               I have a huge personal goal: create and implement a comprehensive Medical Care System for
               Alaskans that could become a USA model of reform . I am not interest in just the money nor
               fame just want to make sure to create something worthwhile to leave as my Legacy.

               I now help running a small corporation called PERSONALIZED ASSISTED LIVING, INC.
               established in 1997 with my partner Julie Berryman a nurse from California . We take care
               of 32 clients with mental health disabilites , providing a family environment where with
               only $ 70.00 per day manage to have 24 hour staff , two wonderful houses and great food. We
               are 100% full almost all the time.




              After this brief introduction , I would love to again meet you in your Anchorage office
              with my partner Julie for a meeting to explore current Health Care issues and Future
              Plans.



              Sincerely , your Alaskan Guido Franco Sordelli




              guidofrancos@excite.com




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0008125
