Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
               Sent:                   Monday, November 26, 2007 6:35 AM
               To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject:                Fw: Conoco


               Just watched ktuu lead w the conoco refinery story for the third time. The conoco vp says
               this is not payback for the tax increase, but he seems awfully smug. Does he (and others)
               think that alaskans are going to back down? That the admin. And legislature are going to
               go back and change the tax structure again because the producers don't like it? It's not
               going to happen. Alaskans support aces and finally being on an even playing field... just
               my two cents



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

               To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

               Sent: Sun Nov 25 20:22:42 2007

               Subject: Conoco




              I just walked in the door in time to catch the news. I can't believe conoco is letting
              their pride get in the way of doing a good thing-they cancelled upgrades of their
              refinery. This, I'm sure, will not sit well w the average alaskan. In fact, their decision
              plays into the perception that is already out there-that they try and bully the state. I
              hope they set their pride aside by nov 30-alaskans expect them to! And, I hope they
              remember we (alaskans) are rallied behind our governor who's looking out for OUR best
              interest. In the mean time, if there's anything I can do just let me know.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008127
