Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Jeff Stephan [jstephan@ptialaska.net]
               Sent:                   Tuesday, November 27, 2007 2:48 AM
               To:                     Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
               Cc:                     Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV)
               Subject:                Increase In Administration Budget For UA Investment In UAF SFOS Fisheries Program


               Jeffrey R. Stephan

               United Fishermen's Marketing Association, Inc.




               November 26, 2007




               Sara Palin, Governor

               State of Alaska

               P.O. Box 110001




               Juneau, AK 99811-0001




               Re:   Inclusion of Additional $1 Million in Administration Budget for

              University of Alaska UAF SFOS Fisheries Program




              Dear Governor Palin,




              The Board of Regents of the University of Alaska (UA) has included $1

              Million in their recently recommended FY09 UA budget for the Fisheries

              Program at the University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF) School of Fisheries and

              Ocean Sciences (SFOS). Specifically, this $1 Million is budgeted in support

              of the development of a new Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree in Fisheries at

              SFOS, and will be used to match a $5 Million grant that was so generously

              provided by the Rasmuson Foundation for the expansion of the SFOS academic

              program.



              We respectfully request that you include-and support a $1 Million increase

              in the UA FY09 Budget for the indicated SFOS Fisheries Program in the

              Administration FY09 Budget that you submit to the Alaska Legislature.


                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0008143
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The objectives and plan that have been established by SFOS for the Fisheries

              Program are relevant , effective and sensible, meet real needs , and are

              anticipated to possess the flexibility to address current and emerging

              opportunities and challenges . The vision that forms the basis of the

              Rasmuson Foundation grant to the University of Alaska for this purpose is

              enlightened.



              The State of Alaska has a fortunate and propitious opportunity , and, in our

              opinion , an earnest responsibility , to develop a high quality , broad based,

              multi-disciplinary Fisheries Program that trains and educates Alaskan

              students , and that attracts talent from outside Alaska , to become

              professionally engaged in meeting the diverse academic , research , business

              and technological opportunities and challenges that will continue to emerge

              in the Alaska fishing and seafood enterprise. The potential and prospects

              for success and maximum benefit for Alaskans that derive from the Alaskan

              seafood enterprise are more certainly assured through the development of a

              solid , widely respected and well supported Alaska based SFOS Fisheries

              Program that provides needed opportunities , education and encouragement for

              current and future generations of Alaskan students.



              Moreover , we believe that an investment of increased funding from the State

              of Alaska in the SFOS Fisheries Program is likely to attract , and otherwise

              provide justification for, the investment of additional funds from the U.S.

              Congress ,   federal agencies , NGOs ,   state agencies , private institutions,

              industry sources, etc.



              Thank you for your serious consideration of our request that you include and

              support a $1 Million increase in the UA FY09 Budget for the SFOS Fisheries

              Program in the Administration FY09 Budget that you submit to the Alaska

              Legislature.




              Sincerely,


                                                                  2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Jeff Stephan



              Jeffrey R . Stephan

              United Fishermen's Marketing Association, Inc.

              PO Box 2917

              Kodiak ,    AK 99615

              tel:      907 - 486-3453 ;   907-486-4568

              fax:      907-486-8362

              email :     jstephan@ptialaska.net




                                                                   3
