Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Rehfeld , Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=KJREH FELD]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, November 27, 2007 7:44 AM
             To:                      'Jeff Stephan'; Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
             Cc:                      Crome; Cora J (GOV); Pitney; Pat (SOA sponsored)
             Subject:                 RE: Increase In Administration Budget For UA Investment In UAF SFOS Fisheries Program


             Dear Jeff - Thank you for your email to Governor Palin in support of the University of
             Alaska's FY2009 operating budget increase of $1 million for the fisheries program. The
             University's efforts to attract Alaska's high school graduates and provide postsecondary
             education necessary to meet the growing demands for jobs in Alaska are very impressive.
             We also recognize the challenges facing the University in delivering these services given
             the rising costs of doing business. The University's budget recently adopted by the Board
             of Regents is a key part of our budget development.



             As you know, we are developing the FY2009 operating and capital budgets that will be
             release to the public in December. The governor's budget goals are very clear: to slow
             the growth of government, live within our means, and save for the future. Within this
             budget discipline, our priorities must be to promote a strong economy, world-class
             education, safer communities, and solid infrastructure. The budget will prioritize
             spending, make substantial investments in core services, and save for our future.



             The budget will focus on the state's basic responsibilities, schools, public safety, and
             needed transportation improvements that are essential to getting Alaska's infrastructure
             ready for the state's economic future.  We look forward to working with municipal leaders,
             legislators, and the public to develop a responsible and sustainable budget for the State
             of Alaska.  Thank you for taking the time to share you support for the University's
             budget.



             Karen




             Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

             Office of Management & Budget

             465-3568




             karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Jeff Stephan [mailto:jstephan@ptialaska.net]

            Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 2:48 AM

            To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

            Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV)
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0008150
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject :   Increase In Administration Budget For UA Investment In UAF SFOS Fisheries Program




             Jeffrey R. Stephan

              United Fishermen ' s Marketing Association, Inc.




             November 26, 2007



             Sara Palin , Governor

             State of Alaska

             P.O. Box 110001



             Juneau, AK 99811-0001



             Re:   Inclusion of Additional $ 1 Million in Administration Budget for

             University of Alaska UAF SFOS Fisheries Program




             Dear Governor Palin,




             The Board of Regents of the University of Alaska         ( UA) has included $1

             Million in their recently recommended FY09 UA budget for the Fisheries

             Program at the University of Alaska Fairbanks         ( UAF) School of Fisheries and

             Ocean Sciences    ( SFOS ). Specifically , this $1 Million is budgeted in support

             of the development of a new Bachelor of Arts         ( B.A.) degree in Fisheries at

             SFOS , and will be used to match a $5 Million grant that was so generously

             provided by the Rasmuson Foundation for the expansion of the SFOS academic

             program.



             We respectfully request that you include and support a $1 Million increase

             in the UA FY09 Budget for the indicated SFOS Fisheries Program in the

             Administration FY09 Budget that you submit to the Alaska Legislature.



             The objectives and plan that have been established by SFOS for the Fisheries

             Program are relevant , effective and sensible , meet real needs, and are

                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008151
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              anticipated to possess the flexibility to address current and emerging

              opportunities . and challenges . The vision that forms the basis of the

              Rasmuson Foundation grant to the University of Alaska for this purpose is

              enlightened.



              The State of Alaska has a fortunate and propitious opportunity , and, in our

              opinion, an earnest responsibility , to develop a high quality , broad based,

              multi-disciplinary Fisheries Program that trains and educates Alaskan

              students ,   and that attracts talent from outside Alaska ,    to become

              professionally engaged in meeting the diverse academic ,       research ,   business

              and technological opportunities and challenges that will continue to emerge

              in the Alaska fishing and seafood enterprise .       The potential and prospects

              for success and maximum benefit for Alaskans that derive from the Alaskan

              seafood enterprise are more certainly assured through the development of a

              solid, widely respected and well supported Alaska based SFOS Fisheries

              Program that provides needed opportunities ,     education and encouragement for

              current and future generations of Alaskan students.




              Moreover , we believe that an investment of increased funding from the State

              of Alaska in the SFOS Fisheries Program is likely to attract , and otherwise

             provide justification for, the investment of additional funds from the U.S.

             Congress , federal agencies , NGOs, state agencies , private institutions,

             industry sources, etc.



             Thank you for your serious consideration of our request that you include and

             support a $1 Million increase in the UA FY09 Budget for the SFOS Fisheries

             Program in the Administration FY09 Budget that you submit to the Alaska

             Legislature.



             Sincerely,




             Jeff Stephan




             Jeffrey R .   Stephan
                                                               3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             United Fishermen's Marketing Association, Inc.

             PO Box 2917

             Kodiak, AK 99615

             tel:     907-486-3453;   907-486-4568

             fax:     907-486-8362

             email:    jstephan@ptialaska.net




                                                            4
