Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :   Keopple, Matthew T (DOT) [matt.keopple@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, November 28, 2007 3:22 PM
                  To:      Palin;.Sarah H (GOV)
                  Cc:      Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
                  Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities
                  Governor Palin,

                 You may want to have your staff check the link to the survey since it only points right back to the main
                 State of Alaska page. There is no link to any survey on the main State of Alaska page only a link to the
                 news release. The link on the news release does exactly what the one below does which is point back to
                 the main State of Alaska page, so nobody will be able to participate in this survey until this is fixed.
                 Thanks.

                 Matt Keopple
                 Microcomputer/Network Specialist
                 AKDOT SE Region Web Manager
                 (907)465-4595


                 From : Commissioner, DOT (DOT sponsored)
                 Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 9:30 AM
                 To: DOT All Staff
                 Subject: FW: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                 Attached is the Governor's Press release on the State's Budget Priorities Survey. I know
                 that you all have received a copy of this. I want to encourage you to take a couple of
                 minutes and complete the survey. It is an opportunity for each and every Alaskan to
                 participate in setting the state's priorities.

                 Leo




                 From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 3:48 PM
                 To: SOA All employees
                 Subject: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities




                 Good afternoon! I am inviting all Alaskans to become involved in the state


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0008154
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                  budget process by participating in a web survey.

                  Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities is an opportunity for all Alaskans to
                  provide your opinion on how the state's projected budget surplus should be
                  saved and invested.

                  We all know oil prices will not remain at record levels forever , and planning
                  ahead will help ensure that we really are kicking off a new era of tax stability.
                  Under ACES, surplus revenue of approximately $ 1.6 billion could be realized this
                  year.

                  I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity to become part of the process.

                  We will use your input to complete the FY2009 budget plan, which will be
                  released to the public and the Legislature for consideration in mid-December.

                  Surveys will be accepted through 5 p.m. on December 3, 2007.

                  The survey can be accessed at www. alaska .gov or www.gov.state.ak.us.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008155
