Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                  From :     Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, November 28, 2007 12:37 PM
                  To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                            (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: News Conference: Women Governors Outperform Male Counterparts
                  Governor.

                  Tomorrow Barbara Lee is releasing the 4th of her series of reports on women governors. (Karen Breslau
                  used her work as the introduction to the Newsweek article in which you were featured.)
                  They did not mention you specifically in the media advisory (below), although most likely when Ms. Lee
                  presents her findings during the news conference, your name will come up. For example, you're the only
                  non-incumbent who won.

                  I've looked over the report and here are the excerpts where you are mentioned.

                  Beth Leschper

                        Positioning Women to Win.

                     When we began studying the results of the 1 998 elections, only 16
                     women had served as governor in the entire 225-year history of the
                     United States. Today, that number has risen to 29. Nine women
                     governors currently serve as the chief executive in their states:. Alaska,
                     Arizona, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan
                     and Washington.

                     Among these are five incumbent women governors who were re-elected
                     in 2006, the first year in which a class of women governors
                     this large stood for re-election. The results were extremely encouraging.

                     The two Republicans and three Democrats won by significant margins.
                     Four skillfully prevented serious opposition; only one drew a real threat
                     and, in the end, she won handily. Among the six non-incumbent women
                     candidates for governor in 2006, only one -- Sarah Palin of Alaska -
                     succeeded.

                     The Republican candidates for governor included: Kerry Healey (MA),
                     Linda Lingle (HI), Sarah Palin (AK), M. Jodi Rell (CT) and Judy Baar
                     Topinka (IL).

                     The largely Republican business community of Alaska initially
                     contributed to former Democratic Governor Tony Knowles instead of the
                     upstart Republican nominee Sarah Palin because they knew him, didn't
                     know her and didn't believe she could win - despite the fact that she


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008157
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


                      defeated a sitting governor in her primary.

                     In Alaska, Tony Knowles suggested in debates that the complexity and
                     economics of the oil pipeline were beyond Sarah Palin's experience.
                     It is easier for incumbent governors to sidestep this pitfall because they've had
                     a chance to establish credibility on their money management skills. In Kansas,
                     Kathleen Sebelius touted her many small savings as a symbol of her care with
                     bigger expenditures and excellent record on streamlining government.

                     It is worth noting that Jodi Rell of Connecticut, who ran on ethics and
                     education, and who, as Lt. Governor, succeeded her governor following his
                     indictment, was overwhelmingly re-elected. Sarah Palin of Alaska, who first
                     came to statewide attention by challenging the propriety of her own party's
                     representatives on Alaska's Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, was a
                     surprise primary and general election winner.

                     Over and over we heard that an experienced, integrated team is at the core of
                     every winning gubernatorial campaign -- and the lack of
                     one is the first sign of a campaign in trouble. (Challenger Sarah Palin was the
                     exception. Those interviewed on the Alaska race likened her election to the
                     outcome of a movement, rather than the result of a well-executed campaign.)

                     As the non-incumbent candidates discovered, the making of a "populist" may
                     be easier said than done, but circumstances can help as they did in Alaska.
                     There, Sarah Palin beat an incumbent governor against a backdrop of
                     corruption charges.



                 DATE: November 28, 2007                                      CONTACT: Kathryn Burton
                                                                          Office : 617.234.0355
                                                                          Mobile : 617.869.2976
                                                                          Email: kburton @leefamilyoffice.com


                                                       ***MEDIA ADVISORY***

                   NEWS CONFERENCE CALL TO ANNOUNCE NEW FINDINGS ON
                          PERFORMANCE OF WOMEN GOVERNORS
                              Women Governors Exceed Voter Expectations; Receive High Ratings


                 A conference call to release new findings about how women governors are exceeding and redefining voter
                 expectations will be held on Thursday, November 29th at 11 : 00am EST . The bipartisan research, included in
                 "Positioning Women to Win: New Strategies for Turning Gender Stereotypes Into Competitive
                 Advantages," (attached) a guidebook to be released today by the Barbara Lee Family Foundation, profiled and
                 analyzed the 2006 gubernatorial campaigns of 11 Democratic and Republican women candidates, including five



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008158
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3


                  incumbents who were all re-elected.

                  The groundbreaking research shows that women governors rate higher than male governors on a number of key
                  attributes. The data suggests that voters strongly support women in executive office once they have seen them
                  govern, a finding of particular interest as a woman candidate is running for president in the 2008 election.

                 Additionally, the research shows that unique hurdles still exist for women running for governor but these can be
                 overcome effectively. Incumbent women governors are successfully turning old stereotypes into competitive
                 advantages.

                 The conference call will be led by Barbara Lee who will report on additional key findings and take questions.

                 WHO:            Barbara Lee, Principal of the Barbara Lee Family Foundation , which has conducted
                                 research on women seeking executive office for nearly ten years . " Positioning Women to
                                 Win" is the fourth publication in the Governors Guidebook Series.

                 WHAT:          News conference call with reporters to release new findings on women governors and
                 gubernatorial candidates.

                 WHEN:           Thursday, November 29, 2007 at 11:00am EST.

                 WHERE:          To join the meeting via telephone and web and be automatically connected, click here:
                                 https://Iobby.mc. iconf. neVgcc/r.asp? ba=6 & 1=303246851

                                 If you prefer to connect via telephone only, dial -in information is below:

                                  1. Dial the toll free number: 1.866 . 393.8073

                                  2. Enter the Meeting Number : *7988251*
                                    (Be sure to enter the * star key before and after the Meeting Number)


                 QUESTIONS: Kathryn Burton - Office: 617.234. 0355 ; Mobile : 617.869 .2976 ; Email:
                 kburton (Ieefamilyoffice.com

                 For an individual interview with Barbara Lee, please contact Kathryn Burton.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0008159
