Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                   From :    Linda Holzman [lindalu@alaska.net]
                   Sent:     Wednesday , November 28, 2007 4:26 PM
                   To:       Stroman ; Ronald A ( DOT); Fuglestads ; Von Scheben ; Leo (DOT); Richards ; Frank T (DOT); Irwin; Tom
                             E (DNR); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); michael . a.cinllo@faa.gov
                   Cc:       Huggins ; Charlie ( LAA); Neuman ; Mark A (LAA); Bruce Chambers ; Tom & Janet Boling ; James &
                             Roberta Riley; curt.menard @matsugov.us
                   Subject: Re: Committee Meeting

                  Ron,
                  I am responding to your email dated November 27, 2007 sent to Cheryl Fuglestad . First of all it is not
                  Cheryl Fuglestad job to notify all the interested parties . And I am sure that Cheryl does not have the time
                  or money to notify all interested parties of DOTS Plan. It is the states job to assure the public is notified
                  according to Alaska Statutes.

                  On November 25, 2007 Cheryl Fuglestand informed me the compromise committee consisted of herself,
                  Janet Boiling and Bobbi Riely. They were self nominated at one of the meetings at the Boiling property
                  with the original objective to make a "temporary get along " solution . A self nominated committee as this
                  does not have the power or the legal right to represent the community , again the state has a process for
                  this type of action.

                   Ron, your inference to a witch-hunt by Cheryl asking for the individual 's names, dates and content of the
                  complaint is unfounded . If it is a jet skier who is complaining , then you need to allow the "public" to
                  discuss the concerns and try to figure out if there are solutions to the complaint , just as if it were anything
                  else. Again, this is public information and for you , Ron, to twist your authority to decide whose complaints
                  are public and whose are not , should be backed up in writing so everyone is playing by the same rules. I
                  don't see in Cheryl's email that she or anyone else has placed a higher concern on jet skis and wave
                  runners than anything else . She is just asking so that the user group can be part of the process and to
                  insure that their complaints are addressed . This is not a witch-hunt as you allude to. Its the right to have
                  all the necessary information in front of us to make well informed decisions AND TO INCLUDE ALL
                  AFFECTED PARTIES.

                  Please consider this a formal request that you send me a written record of all complaints that you have
                  received regarding Willow Lake . This includes the phone calls you have received as the phone calls
                  are considered public information and written complaints received by mail or email. This request is made
                  under the Public Information Act.

                  Under what authority did you determine that phone call complaints are confidential?

                  Many people recreate on Willow Lake not just the property owners . The lake is state waters for use by all
                  of the people of the state . Any interested party needs to have the right to participate in the public
                  process that affects them.

                  I have attached my last email to you dated November 14, 2007 , as I have not received a response from
                  you. Is there any progress on the matter of DOT relinquishing ILMT ADL 18500 to DNR ? That still
                  appears to be the only solution that allows all users equal footing.
                  Thanks,
                  Linda-Lou Holzman
                  Willow Lake Property Owner
                  907 346-3421




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0008168
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3




                    ---- Original Message --
                    From: Stroman. Ronald A (DOT)
                    To: Fuglestads ; Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) ; Richards. Frank T (DOT)
                    Cc: Huggins, Charlie (LAA) ; Neuman, Mark A (LAA) ; Linda Holzman ; Bruce Chambers ; Tom & Janet Boling ;
                    James & Roberta Riley
                    Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 4:36 PM
                    Subject: RE: Committee Meeting

                    Good afternoon.

                    Thank you for getting in touch with everyone. I have no objection to waiting till after the holidays. Please let me
                    know as soon as practical when we can all get together. Please let me know who is on the Committee and their
                    role and who has authority to speak on behalf of and commit the Committee/users.

                    I will provide you with what ever written complaints we have received because they are public information.
                    However, I will not release names of individuals that have contacted us via telephone unless they specifically
                    stated it was on the 'record'. That information is confidential. If you remind me the end of December, I'll bring
                    along all written comments we received to our meeting. I'm sorry but It concerns me that you or the committee
                    members feel having names of those people that have submitted a comment or voiced a concern regarding
                    wave runners or jet skis is more important than other comments received. We have received various other
                    comments/and or objections regarding lake use over the last few years but you are focusing on just one
                    aspect. I understand your concern regarding our initial prohibition for wave runnersfet skis but I told Cheryl
                    that if we can get some comfort with wave runner/jet ski control then we will have no objection to removing the
                    prohibition from the plan.

                    Thanks.

                    Ron Stroman
                    Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
                    Division of Statewide Aviation
                    Ph.     907-334-2695
                    Fax     907-269-0489
                    Cell     907-240-8695


                   From: Fuglestads [mailto:jccklk@acsalaska.net]
                   Sent: Monday, November 26, 2007 11:34 AM
                   To: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
                   Cc: Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Neuman, Mark A (LAA); Linda Holzman; Bruce Chambers; Tom & Janet Boling;
                   James & Roberta Riley
                   Subject: Committee Meeting

                   Ron Stroman,

                   I reference to our phone conversation Wednesday 11/21/07, I have contacted parties with the compromise
                   committee and we feel it would be very difficult right now to have a meeting with the holidays.

                   During our conversation you mentioned complaints from landowners as well as the owners of Willow air in
                   regards to the Jet-skis and Waverunners. Could you provide me with information about the complaints, names,
                   date, times so we have that to consider.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008169
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                   If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
                   Thank You,
                   Cheryl Fuglestad
                   Willow Lake Homeowner




       3




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0008170
