Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 4



                  Unknown

                   From :    Mills, Andy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AJMILLS]
                   Sent:     Thursday, November 29, 2007 12:37 PM
                   To:       Keopple; Matthew T (DOT)
                   Cc:      Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
                   Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Thank you again for input.
                Regards-
                Andy Mills
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                Webmaster


                From: Keopple, Matthew T (DOT)
                Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2007 12:01 PM
                To: Mills, Andy J (GOV)
                Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Andy,

                The way this is setup is not very intuitive . I am a Network Specialist and the SE Region Web Manager and this
                was not very intuitive to me and others had the same issue I experienced . The prominent blue banner links as
                they are will not work with the American with Disabilities Act(ADA) requirements because the tags on the banner
                only show Voices Across Alaska : State Budget Priorities and not dick here to go to the survey , blind people will
                not be able to read the text in the image of the banner directing them that this is a link to the survey ... This is why
                in the Statewide Web Functional Work Group it was previously decided that links shouldn 't be in banners unless
                the alt tags (mouse over message) in the banner specifies what it links to and as a rule banner links should be
                avoided if possible. I know it makes our sites not as flashy to the eye but it makes it easier to navigate especially
                for those that may be disabled.

                Also, the notification that was sent to all State Employees shows links that most people would expect to go to the
                survey which don't. I can understand your reason behind doing it this way soft linking as you call it, but there are
                better ways of meeting your needs that are more intuitive to the common user, which I will point out below. If it
                isn't intuitive to me I can see many other people that it would not be intuitive for as well.

               The links provided in the Statewide employee email notification didn't go to the news release instead it went to
               either Governor Palins online office page which has a banner link to the survey or to the main State of Alaska
               page which also has a banner with a link which was not intuitive because these banners look very similar to the
               banner in the notification that was sent out that links to nothing. Most people naturally look for a web link not
               banner links to the survey and the only link that looks like it may go to the survey is Gov. Invites Public Input on
               Budget which goes right back to the news release.

               It would make more sense to have the link inside the news release that goes directly to the survey or if you want
               the ability to update the link you could setup a redirect link on the State Web Server that redirects to the survey,
               this way you don't have to change the link just change the server redirect . This would allow for the redirect link to
               be sent out in the notification that would navigate the user directly to the survey and would still meet your needs of
               being able to update without resending the notification . Most users wouldn't be aware they are clicking a redirect
               link and not a hard link.

               I have done this for many of the SE Region DOT project websites because people bookmark old websites and we
               need to redirect them to the current one without having to send a notification out, or another press release to the



               8/24/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0008208
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 4


                 public. This is done by setting all the old web pages with redirects that point to the new web pages and it also
                 gives the ability to setup a timed notification to the user that the web page has been updated and they should
                 update their saved links. This is seemless and beneficial to the public, you may want to consider using this
                 method in the future instead of putting the links inside other links which can lead to confusion. This also avoids
                 users from having dead links to sites that may have been updated to a new location.

                 We must understand as Web Managers that we need to setup our sites for people that may not be that familiar
                 with the internet yet and also meet the ADA requirements. The websites that I have setup have been setup so
                 they are intuitive to people that are not that proficient with navigating through web sites. The less confusion to the
                 common citizen the more useful the sites will be for them. Studies have been done that show people lose interest
                 or get confused or lost if they have to click too many links to get to the information they are looking for. Some
                 things to consider. Thanks for the response.

                Matt Keopple
                Microcomputer/Network Specialist
                AKDOT SE Region Web Manager
                (907)465-4595


                From: Mills, Andy J (GOV)
                Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2007 10:27 AM
                To: Keopple, Matthew T (DOT)
                Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Palfn, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Mr. Keopple-
                Thank you for the email.
                You are correct that the two links on the notification below go to the State and Governor's websites.
                That is because both have prominent blue banners that link to the survey. And there is a reason for this.

                The way the survey is setup, we can change the link to the survey and not have to send out a new notification,
                just adjust the links on the State and Governor' s pages (we call it "soft linking"... instead of sending a "hard link'
                that cannot be adjusted at a later date).

                If you'd like a direct link to survey, it can be found at
                http://www.surveymonkey.com/s.aspx?sm=SdLawkaxb2H6o7oAkmv2ZA 3d 3d

                (Please note this link may change before the survey is finished)

                If there is anything else I can provide you, please feel free to let me know.

                Regards-
                Andy Mills
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                Webmaster




                From: Keopple, Matthew T (DOT)
                Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 3:22 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)
                Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Governor Palin,

               You may want to have your staff check the link to the survey since it only points right back to the main State of
               Alaska page. There is no link to any survey on the main State of Alaska page only a link to the news


                8/24/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0008209
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 4


                 release. The link on the news release does exactly what the one below does which is point back to the
                 main State of Alaska page, so nobody will be able to participate in this survey until this is fixed. Thanks.

                 Matt Keopple
                 Microcomputer/Network Specialist
                 AKDOT SE Region Web Manager
                 (907)465-4595


                 From : Commissioner, DOT (DOT sponsored)
                 Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 9:30 AM
                 To: DOT All Staff
                 Subject: FW: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Attached is the Governor's Press release on the State's Budget Priorities Survey. I know that
                you all have received a copy of this. I want to encourage you to take a couple of minutes and
                complete the survey. It is an opportunity for each and every Alaskan to participate in setting the
                state's priorities.

                Leo



                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 3:48 PM
                To: SOA All employees
                Subject: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities


                 0   Right-click here to download pictures . To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented automatic download of
                     this picture from the Internet.




                Good afternoon! I am inviting all Alaskans to become involved in the state budget
                process by participating in a web survey.

                Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities is an opportunity for all Alaskans to
                provide your opinion on how the state's projected budget surplus should be
                saved and invested.

                We all know oil prices will not remain at record levels forever , and planning
                ahead will help ensure that we really are kicking off a new era of tax stability.
                Under ACES, surplus revenue of approximately $1.6 billion could be realized this
                year.



                8/24/2009



                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008210
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   Page 4 of 4


                 I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity to become part of the process.

                 We will use your input to complete the FY2009 budget plan, which will be
                 released to the public and the Legislature for consideration in mid-December.

                 Surveys will be accepted through 5 p.m. on December 3, 2007.

                 The survey can be accessed at www.alaska .gov or www. gov.state.ak.us.




                8/24/2009



                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008211
