Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, November 28, 2007 2:58 PM
             To:                     Sarah Palin
             Subject:                FW: Deputy Commissioner Highways




             From: Michael O'Brien [mailto:murphobrien@gci.net]

             Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 1:58 PM

             To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

             Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)

             Subject: Deputy Commissioner Highways




             Governor Palin,




             Sarah, first'I want to thank you for considering me for not one but two positions with
             DOT.  I am honored that you have such confidence in me. Family issues need my focus and I
             appreciate your understanding.




             Leo asked me for some names of people for the Deputy Commissioner of Highways. I spoke to
             four other folks familar with the transportation needs and people who




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008193
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :   Coleman, Donna/ANV [Donna.Coleman@veco.com]
                 Sent:    Thursday, November 29, 2007 11:50 AM
                 To:      Huggins; Charlie (LAA)
                 Cc:      Bruce Chambers; Tom & Janet Boling ; Fuglestads ; Bobbi Riley; James Riley; Von Scheben; Leo
                          (DOT); Stroman; Ronald A (DOT); Neuman; Mark A (LAA); lindalu@alaska . net; Palin ; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Willow Lake Issues
                 Senator Huggins, as you are aware the homeowners on Willow Lake have been
                 meeting with Ron Stroman, Chief Aviation Leasing for the DOT regarding Willow Lake;
                 seaplane operation issues, the banning of jet skis, dock fees and some other issues. It
                 is unfortunate that you were not able to attend our meeting in October as it was lively
                 and both sides left with different conclusions. Ron has repeatedly stated that he is "pro
                 aviation" and because of that I feel he is not capable of being unbiased which has cause
                 for concern by myself and other landowners.

                 Ron was to meet with one of our home owner representatives Cheryl Fuglestad, as well
                 as a representative of Willow Air to come up with a Lake Use Plan which has now been
                 named "Aviation Safety Plan 3 final draft". Due to timing issues this meeting has been
                 postponed until after the holiday's but Ron gave us a draft to review. It was agreed that
                 we would try to compromise, both, the sea plane operations and the home owners.
                 Agree to a plan we could both live with. The only reference of compromise I see is the
                 addition of buoys for lanes , and the rest are lake restrictions for the lake users. It has
                 become obvious that this is not going to work and urge your help and cooperation in
                 resolving some issues before we all incur legal costs.

                Willow Lake has been a multi use lake for over 40 years with no recorded or reported
                accidents to date. I find it curious as to why all of a sudden the State feels that lake
       i        restrictions are to be made. It still is unclear as to how this lake became a sea plane
                lake as in a 2003 Study it clearly stated that the lake was unfit to be one for numerous
                reasons . But Ron explained that the State has the ability to make minor changes to the
                study, and made it one anyway without any notification to the landowners.

                If there truly are issues I would assume they would be environmental in nature. The
                noise study reflected that there is a valid concern and suggests that the planes make
                adjustments to their take off pattern to accommodate this. There is a small island where
                sea birds nest and I feel because of the planes getting so close to their nests during
                take off the numbers have reduced. There was increased plane activity on the lake this
                summer somewhat due to the purchasing of aviation fuel. This truly concerns me
                because of the possibility of lake contamination. I would like to know if there is an
                environmental fuel spillage response plan in effect, and a kit readily available in case of
                spillages for this commercial operation; and if the state is monitoring it.

                I purchased my property on the lake this past year to build my retirement home. When I
                purchased this a title search was completed, and nowhere did it state that this lake was
                a sea plane lake and managed by DOT vs. DNR and any restrictions against this
                property. He states it was my responsibility to do the research, how would I know.

                In April I had a well drilled for $8000. I paid premium dollar on the property because of
                it being on the lake and now I am afraid to put much of a building on it until this matter is


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0008194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                 resolved . Thus said, costing me more dollars with the possibility of rising costs of building
                 materials . If the lake access is restricted I feel that my property value will surely plummet as
                 will my neighbors and I will never be able to recoup my costs.

                 I know that Linda Holzman has been in contact with you recently regarding this issue and
                 bringing other matters to light. This seems to be an un-resolvable issue in its present state
                 because of personalities and Ron's commitment to the aviation.

                 I thank you in advance for your prompt attention and resolution to this matter.

                 Respectfully.

                 Donna Coleman
                 Willow Lake Property Owner
                 907 351 1546




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0008195
