Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1
              Sent:                   Thursday, November 29, 2007 4:01 PM
              To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject:                Fw: Arctic Power / ANWR


             Fyi--info from Mike Navarre on why he believes ANWR-Arctic Power funding needs to be in
             budget.



              ----- Original Message -----

             From: Mike Navarre <MikeN@zaninc.net>

             To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Thu Nov 29 15:14:46 2007

             Subject: Arctic Power / ANWR




             Good morning Sean,




             I enjoyed talking with you and catching up a few days ago. Sounds like you have been busy
             lately, which is to be expected. I hope you're enjoying the job and responsibilities.




             Thanks for taking the time to discuss the ANWR issue and the role Arctic Power can and
             does play in working to advocate for responsible development of ANWR. I have been a
             member of Arctic Power since it was formed and have been advocating for ANWR development
             since the late 1980's. I will admit that I am somewhat of a zealot on the issue.




             My initial goal is to maintain a presence in the Governor's budget as we continue to
             develop the role Arctic Power will play over the next several years. Quite honestly, I
             hope that we can convince you and Governor Palin that additional investment is well
             justified given the potential for long term revenues from ANWR, the obstacles and
             challenges that are likely to come into play over the next several years, and the risk of
             having ANWR's coastal plain designated wilderness, which would put it off limits for
             development, likely forever, but certainly for the foreseeable future.



                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1 _0008198
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I have attached the letter I drafted last year when we were successful in getting $120,000
              appropriated . I think all of the arguments still apply . Here are some of the reasons why
              I think funding for Arctic Power should be continued and increased for the next several
              years:




             1.     National Elections and what is expected to be a relatively big turnover in Congress.
             All of the new members and their staff will need to be educated on the ANWR issue , as well
             as new staff of returning members .    Our efforts coordinate with other interest groups who
             are supportive of the issue but we are the only group that really has the ANWR issue as a
             single focus .   I know that the Governor ' s office will be doing office visits and education
             on Alaskan issues but their focus will and should be much broader .     Arctic Power has
             significant name ID associated with the ANWR issue .     The effort is time consuming and
             updated educational materials will be necessary .     You are aware of the materials generated
             by Arctic Power in the past and I have asked our very limited staff to put together some
             packets of . that information for the Administration and to help with our efforts with the
             legislature on the funding issue .    Arctic Power still has a presence in D.C . and are
             contacted by and contact various media on a regular basis .     it has of course been somewhat
             limited because we only have funding for a one person office in D.C . and he is stretched
             very , very thin .  Fortunately , he is also an avid supporter of the issue and is doing the
             best he can to manage.




             2.     Helping to coordinate the lobbying effort and educational process .  We have built up
             considerable contacts and relationships over the years but we need to have enough of a
             presence so that we do not lose credibility .  Our coalition partners and Hill staff have
             in the past have looked to us for leadership and have used our office as a main source of
             good , quality information on the ANWR issue . A one person office does not foster a great
             deal of seriousness or respect .  It will be particularly important over the next several
             years.




             3.    Protecting Alaska and Alaskan ' s Investment . Arctic Power has been a significant and
             very credible force in the ANWR debate for many years .   While we have maintained
             memberships in the organization most of our funding has been through the State of Alaska.
             The investment has established a credible " brand name " organization that is far more
             recognized in D.C . than in Alaska .  That is due to the fact that most of our efforts have
             been outside of Alaska as Alaskan ' s have consistently support ANWR development and that is
             where the action was taking place .   We have coordinated with the Governor ' s office, our
             Congressional Delegation and their staffs , and various other interest groups over the last
             almost 20 years .  There are many , many individual Alaskan ' s from all across Alaska who
             have volunteered their time , energy and money toward the effort.




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0008199
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             4.    Maintaining an independent Arctic Power.   The State of Alaska stands to be the
             biggest winner, or loser, on the ANWR issue and I know this Administration will continue
             to have a focus on it. I believe, however, that it makes a great deal of sense from a
             strategic logistical standpoint to have a well established and credible independent entity
             also focusing almost entirely on the issue .  Scheduling and coordinating visits to Hill
             offices for visiting Alaskan's on the ANWR issue is not something that I expect the
             Governor's D.C. office will or should be doing.   Arctic Power can also attend coalition
             meetings and gather intelligence on the ANWR issue and in general that can, and will, be
             passed on to the Governor's office. Arctic Power has established excellent contacts with
             various media, interest groups, labor unions and individuals, in D.C.. and around the
             country, and cannot maintain that effort and be a credible source on a shoestring budget.




             Here 's what I think is necessary for the next several years and ask you to give it serious
             consideration.   I have recently agreed to be one of the co-chairs of Arctic Power and
             pledge to work the legislature on the issue so that there is support for the funding. I
             will also, of course, also work closely with the Administration.




             We need a minimum 2 person office in D.C. and the ability to contract with a professional
             advisory lobbyist, in D.C. on a part time basis. That will enable Arctic Power to have a
             much better impact in dealing with Hill offices and VIP meetings with coalition partner
             leaders; and, coordinate and conduct an educational effort with the new Congress after the
             2008 elections. Arctic Power has always used a part time lobbyist to conduct some of it's
             business in D.C. and is, I think, a necessity to the effort. It is also important from a
             strategic standpoint because it is a great source of intelligence that can supplement the
             efforts of our Congressional Delegation and the Governor's D.C. office. We also may need
             the ability to "ramp up" as necessary during critical times but I think that can likely be
             handled through the Governor's Office budget where warranted.




             I think we could accomplish our mission and objectives with an annual appropriation of
             $250,000 over the next 2 years. I think Arctic Power could manage to match part of the
             funding with a total of $60-100,000 per year. Those funds are currently used to maintain
             our office in Alaska and that presence is also needed for grant administration and
             compliance, coordinating Arctic Power Board and Executive Committee efforts (including
             D.C. visits), limited fundraising efforts (memberships, etc.) and general administration
             and budget maintenance.  Our offices are located in donated space so there is significant
             in kind funding in addition to the amount I mentioned above. I recognize that $250,000
             annually is a significant amount but I think it is a good investment. Again, I will help
             work the legislature on the funding issue.




             I think the most important thing is to get some funds placed in the Governor's budget. As
             you know, that makes it much easier during the budget process. The amount can be
             increased or decreased as necessary during the budget process and the Governor has the
                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0008200
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              final say in any event.




             From a political standpoint it provides insulation from unnecessary criticism should
             efforts to designate ANWR as wilderness be successful .    I know that is not a prime concern
             of yours or the Governor ' s but I mention it because , after all , you are smack in the
             middle of a political system and I think this administration is doing a great job thus
             far.




             I could offer lots more but reading this will take enough of your time .        Let me know what
             you think.




             Thank you for your time and consideration.




             My best to Sandy and the girls.




             Warm regards,




             Mike Navarre




             (907)394-2300




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0008201
