Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, November 30, 2007 1:22 PM
              To:                      ryan.bodge@blab.centaf.af.mil
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, November 30, 2007 5:04 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Ryan Bodge

              address :   2568 Mukluk Loop Eielson AFB AK 99702




              MESSAGE:

              Ma'am,

             My name is Captain Ryan A. Bodge (USAF). I am currently deployed to Iraq for my third
             combat tour in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. My wife and son reside in Fairbanks
             (Eielson AFB).




             If you have a minute please guide me in the right direction. Without wasting your time
             with all of the details;, during my deployment last year I was injured as a result of an
             enemy attack.  My Purple Heart submission was denied without explanation. I have been
             advised by my deployed chain of command to seek congressional assistance. I am originally
             from Cold Spring NY, I have attempted to email the Honorable John Hall NY 19 however, I
             receive error messages . I don't want to make a huge deal of this I am just curious if
             something can be done.




             Please advise.



             Thank you.

             v/r

             R. Bodge
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0008214
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ryan.bodge@blab.centaf.af.mil




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0008215
