Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From:     Mills, Andy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AJMILLS]
                   Sent:     Thursday, November 29, 2007 10:27 AM
                   To:       Keopple; Matthew T (DOT)
                   Cc:      Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Leschper Beth (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                   Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Mr. Keopple-
                Thank you for the email.
                You are correct that the two links on the notification below go to the State and Governor 's websites.
                That is because both have prominent blue banners that link to the survey . And there is a reason for this.

                The way the survey is setup , we can change the link to the survey and not have to send out a new notification,
                just adjust the links on the State and Governor 's pages (we call it "soft linking "... instead of sending a "hard link"
                that cannot be adjusted at a later date).

                If you'd like a direct link to survey, it can be found at:
                  tt ://www surveymonkey com/s asp x?sm=SdLawkgxb2H6o7oAkmv2ZA 3d 3d

                (Please note this link may change before the survey is finished)

                If there is anything else I can provide you, please feel free to let me know.

                Regards-
                Andy Mills
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                Webmaster




                From: Keopple, Matthew T (DOT)
                Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 3:22 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)
                Subject: RE: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                Governor Palin,

                You may want to have your staff check the link to the survey since it only points right back to the main State of
                Alaska page . There is no link to any survey on the main State of Alaska page only a link to the news
                release. The link on the news release does exactly what the one below does which is point back to the
                main State of Alaska page , so nobody will be able to participate in this survey until this is fixed . Thanks.

                Matt Keopple
                Microcomputer/Network Specialist
                AKDOT SE Region Web Manager
                (907)465-4595


               From: Commissioner, DOT (DOT sponsored)
               Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 9:30 AM
               To: DOT All Staff



                8/24/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0008212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                 Subject: FW: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                 Attached is the Governor's Press release on the State's Budget Priorities Survey. I know that
                 you all have received a copy of this. I want to encourage you to take a couple of minutes and
                 complete the survey. It is an opportunity for each and every Alaskan to participate in setting the
                 state's priorities.

                 Leo



                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Wednesday, November 21, 2007 3:48 PM
                To: SOA All employees
                Subject: Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities

                    Right-click here to download pictures . To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented automatic download of
                    this picture from the Internet.




                Good afternoon! I am inviting all Alaskans to become involved in the state budget
                process by participating in a web survey.

                Voices Across Alaska: State Budget Priorities is an opportunity for all Alaskans to
                provide your opinion on how the state's projected budget surplus should be.
                saved and invested.

                We all know oil prices will not remain at record levels forever, and planning
                ahead will help ensure that we really are kicking off a new era of tax stability.
                Under ACES, surplus revenue of approximately $1.6 billion could be realized this
                year.

                I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity to become part of the process.

                We will use your input to complete the FY2009 budget plan, which will be
                released to the public and the Legislature for consideration in mid-December.

                Surveys will be accepted through 5 p.m. on December 3, 2007.

                The survey can be accessed at www.alaska .gov or www .gov.state.ak.us.



                8/24/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008213
