Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                    Unknown

                     From:    Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJREHFELD]
                     Sent:    Saturday, December 01, 2007 10:15 AM
                     To:      'Gerry Merrigan'; Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                     Cc:      Crome; Cora J (GOV); 'Denis Wiesenburg'; Pitney; Pat (SOA sponsored)
                     Subject: RE: UAF School of Fisheries Budget: Expansion of Undergraduate Fisheries Program

                  Dear Gerry - Thank you for your email to Governor Palin in support of the
                  University of, Alaska's FY2009 operating budget increase of $1 million for the
                  fisheries program.  The University's efforts to attract Alaska's high school
                  graduates and provide postsecondary education necessary to meet the growing demands
                  for jobs in Alaska are very impressive. We-also recognize the challenges facing
                  the University in delivering these services given the rising costs of doing
                  business.  The University's budget recently adopted by the Board of Regents is a
                  key part of our budget development.

                  As you know, we are developing the FY2009 operating and capital budgets that will
                  be release to the public in December. The governor's budget goals are very clear:
                  to slow the growth of government, live within our means, and save for the future.
                  Within this budget discipline, our priorities must be to promote a strong economy,
                  world-class education, safer communities, and solid infrastructure. The budget
                  will prioritize spending, make substantial investments in core services, and save
                  for our future.

                  The budget will focus on the state's basic responsibilities, schools, public
                  safety, and needed transportation improvements that are essential to getting
                  Alaska's infrastructure ready for the state's economic future.   We look forward to
                  working with municipal leaders, legislators, and the public to develop a
                  responsible and sustainable budget for the State of Alaska. Thank you for taking
                  the time to share you support for the University's budget.

                  Karen

                  **************************************

                  Karen J. Rehfeld, Director
                  Office of Management & Budget
                  465-3568

                  karen.rehfe1dna.a1aska. gov

                  From: Gerry Merrigan [ mailto:merrigan @gci.net]
                  Sent: Wednesday, November 28, 2007 2:17 PM
                  To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                  Cc: Crome, Cora J (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); 'Denis Wiesenburg'
                  Subject: UAF School of Fisheries Budget: Expansion of Undergraduate Fisheries Program

                  Dear Governor

                  I would like to urge you to consider and support the new Bachelor of Arts program in Fisheries that UAF is
                  proposing. There already exists a program for training fisheries biologists with a strong emphasis toward science
                  and statistics. As you are aware, Alaska has been a leader in successful fisheries management in the State and
                  Federal fisheries, with a large amount of credit going to abundant resources, favorable ocean climatic conditions,
                  and adherence to "good" science in the fishery policy and management arenas. The program proposed by UAF is


                  8/25/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008240
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


                  to provide a curriculum for those that will be involved in fisheries in the broader sense (beyond biological
                  management). In particular, this curriculum would be for participants in the fisheries (harvesters); the fishing
                  industry (processors , marketers etc) or as a policy maker involved in the fisheries.

                  The world of fishing has become increasingly complex and the level of understanding necessary to be able to
                  intelligently participate in the fisheries and the fishery management processes has risen considerably . In order to
                  be successful in this age , fishermen have to be much better business managers and understand the potential
                  return on long term investments in gear, vessels, and permits. Into that equation , fishermen need to be able to
                  read fishery stock assessments for trends , age class strengths , recruitment curves - much as one would read a
                  stock prospectus. Additionally , it now requires an increasing depth of knowledge to effectively participate at
                  fisheries management bodies such as the Board of Fisheries , NPFMC, IPHC. While there will always be a need
                  for people to speak plain and simple from their hearts and be heard at these forums , there is also a need for a
                  level of understanding by some participants and decision makers to bring these concepts to fruition.

                  Additionally , fisheries world-wide and in Alaska have come under attack by those that employ questionable
                  science - with dubious extrapolated conclusions - but have foundation financial support and a fast -track into the
         i        popular press . Unfortunately, the corrections and retractions do not receive the same publicity. Participants in
                  fisheries-related fields need to be able to discern between 'good" science and "headline " science and not be
                  swayed by sensationalism.

                  However, many of us that are involved in fisheries have varied backgrounds . As a case in point, I currently sit on
                  the NPFMC . While I have fished commercially since 1981 , and have worked as a Fishery Biologist 1 (Land Use),
                  have a college degree - I have never had a class in fisheries management - I have degree in forestry . Most of
                  what I learned about fisheries , models, and management systems was at the elbow of some very patient people
                  during the course of Pacific Salmon Treaty negotiations , Board of Fishery and Council meetings . A program like
                  the one proposed would have been helpful for myself along the way - especially today as I try to explain current
                  fishery management issues to local fishermen. While there are many good knowledgeable people active in
                  fisheries and fisheries policy today , I think we all could have benefited greatly from a program that is being
                  proposed . On the flip side, there are also many people who have strong opinions on fisheries management - but
                  very little acquaintance with factual information . The proposed program would have positive benefits here as well.

                  While the results of such a program may be years off, I believe the time to start is now as things are likely to
                  become more complex in the world of fishing . Thank you for your consideration.

                  Gerry Merrigan

                  NPFMC member, NPRB member
                  Petersburg, AK




                  8/25/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0008241
