Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1 ]
                   Sent:     Friday, November 30, 2007 3:21 AM
                   To:       Sarah Palin
                   Cc:       Perry; Knstina Y (GOV)
                   Subject: Sen. Loft

                 FYI



                 Lott's brother-in-law Scruggs indicted on bribery charges

                 Sen. Trent Lott's brother-in-law, Richard "Dickie" Scruggs, a high-profile trial lawyer best known for suing Big
                 Tobacco and insurance companies, has been indicted on bribery charges.

                 Several media outlets are reporting the news about Scruggs, who has been accused of trying to bribe a
                 Mississippi judge. Scruggs is perhaps best known for suing tobacco companies in multibillion -dollar lawsuits in the
                 late 1990s. But he also acted as Loft's lawyer , as well as the attorney for many Mississippi homeowners, in a
                 successful lawsuit against State Farm Insurance when the firm denied thousands of claims in the wake of
                 Hurricane Katrina.

                 Scruggs is perhaps the most powerful attorney in Mississippi but is well-known in Washington for his involvement
                 in tobacco and asbestos litigation over the years.

                 The Associated Press and Mississippi television statiionj are reporting the story, as well as The Buffington
                 Post. Here's a link to the 13-page indictment , which describes the bribery scheme.

                 Lott, the Senate Republican whip who surprised many on Capitol Hill when he announced his planned retirement
                 from the Senate on Monday, has not been named in the indictment and has not been accused of any wrongdoing.
                 His office was not commenting on the case late Wednesday.




                 8/24/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0008233
