Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROU P/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
             Sent:                   Monday, December 03, 2007 9:03 AM
             To:                     Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Military_and Veterans Affairs




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, December 01, 2007 9:58 AM             _

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military-and-Veterans-Affairs



             Web mail from: Mr. Eduardo ordonez

             address: 705 muldoon RD Anchorage AK 99504




             MESSAGE:




             November 29, 2007




             The Honorable Don Young

             Unites States House of Representatives

             Peterson Tower Building

             510 L St, Suite 580

            Anchorage, Alaska 99501-1954




            Dear Rep. Don Young,



            I am writing in the hopes that you would be able to assist me in my current situation. I
            am a Sergeant in the U. S. Army assigned to HHD 39th Transportation Battalion as the
            Company Supply Sergeant for two years. I am also a single mother with two lovely boys,
            whom I love dearly. My job is very demanding. I have a subordinate Soldier that work with
            me that do a great job. In my ten years of service I have never experienced this type of
            moral and motivation problem. Since I've been assigned to this unit, my life has been a
                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008257
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             very challenging task daily to stay motivated and with high morale for my subordinates.



             My boys are enrolled in the Child Development Center's before and after school care
             program . In this program my kids are dropped off at 0630 and must be picked up by 1800. In
             the Kaiserslautern Military Community, this program is operated by the Air Force and opens
             at 0630 at which time I am required to be at my first formation . I must pick them up by
             1800 at which time the child care center closes . My previous Chain of Command allowed me
             to report to work 0730 to accommodate for the daycare opening at 0630 .  In October a new
             Chain of Command came aboard and required that I report to first formation 0630 for
             accountability. After I reported to formation with my kids, my commander told me that I
             will not bring my kids to formation anymore . After I questioned him about a Senior NCO
             does the same thing, he replied "You do not have enough rank to do what she does ." I have
             to stay to work often after 1800 and pay late fees because I do not pick up my kids in
             time.   For every minute I am la

             to there is a $1.00 late fee. From July to this date I have paid $655 in late         fees , attach
             is a copy of the receipts.



             I feel that my Detachment SGT has a personnel vendetta against me. The Detachment Sergeant
             often discusses my personnel issues amongst subordinate Soldier . This is unprofessional
             and unbecoming of a Senior NCO to whom subordinates suppose to look up too and draw their
             motivation and morale from . I recently was taped for my weight and was found overweight by
             1 %. I have never been counseled on my results. My 1SG have initiated chapter proceedings
             for me to be chaptered out of the Army by making an appointment on December 12 for a
             physical.



             In September I requested an open door policy to see my Battalion Commander Sergeant Major.
             I spoke to him about my situation and he told me, "I got it." As of 29 November I have not
             heard anything of this situation . I spoke to my Battalion Chaplain , Battalion Equal
             Opportunity Representative ( EOR) and the Inspector General. I still have no resolve. My
             FOR told me that I have a valid complaint because people in my Chain of Command have
             singled me out. I feel that I have exhausted my chain of command and have not received and
             assistant nor resolution for this situation.



             This whole situation has exhausted me. I feel that the entire unit morale is low . Soldiers
             returned from deployment in September and many of them are so unhappy with their work
             environment . In fear of repercussion for writing you, Honorable Young, I am requesting to
             be transferred to another command . I am suggesting the office of the Inspector General
             conduct a climate sensing session with especially the lower enlisted and junior NCOs. I
             have enclosed character letter on my behalf . My all commander and also my BN commander
             wants me to stay in the Army and go to the Warrant Officer School , attach is a copy of my
             letters of recommendation to show you what are my standards as a NCO.




             Sincerely,




             LISANIA ORDONEZ

             15TH Trans Det

                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008258
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             eduardo6l@aol.com




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA_GSPO1_0008259
