Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, December 03, 2007 9:11 AM
             To:                      horsefeathersl_99503@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailbgov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Saturday, December 01, 2007 7:35 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




             Web mail from: Mr. Bradley Russell

             address :   3705 Arctic Blvd # 357 Anchorage AX Ak




             MESSAGE:

             Budget cuts, I have a real problem with the way Budgets cuts come into play. If you draw a
             triangle on a piece of paper in front of you I will be able to explain. When cuts come the
             first thing that happens is the people on the top cut all the people below them. These
             people 'the techs'. are doing all the work so you end up with the bottom of the triangle
             gone. There should be a process where the side of the triangle is cut instead of the
             bottom of the triangle. The way the system is set up with moneies being appropreated form
             the top you are always going to have this problem. Some one is not going to cut there own
             job! They are going to cut the people below them. What happens is you have a government
             that is top heavy with a bunch of people at the top with nothing to do. There should be a
             way to cut everyone along the side of the triangle. Maybe start with a budget cut of 10%
             start with the person on the top even if it means that person has got to take time off. As
             a seasonal techinc

             ian no one ever says anything when they have to lay me off but I do not see any one at the
             top having time reduced.



             horsefeathersl_99503@yahoo.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008249
