Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Monday, December 03, 2007 9:14 AM
               To:                     tony.sherman@us.ul.com
               Subject :               RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailbgov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Sunday, December 02, 2007 1:40 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Military_and Veterans_Affairs




               Web mail from: Anthony Sherman

               address: 7997 North Grouse Lp Wasilla AK 99654

                907-360-3336




              MESSAGE:

              While picking up a parcel at the Wasilla USPS postal annex, Friday November 30, I could
              not help but notice the condition of the US flag flying from the staff. The top three
              stripes were torn individually to the blue field, and the flag had been knotted at the top
              outside corner to compensate. I am a veteran and have educated my wife and children about
              this traitorous disrespect of our flag, and would enjoy the opportunity to educate those
              responsible for this display. On a federal building. Disgraceful. Were it actually a crime
              (and it should be) I would take other action, and since I am unable to complain to the
              state postmaster, am left with this means of address. I thank you for your time and
              attention.



              tony. sherman@us .ul.com

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0008248
