Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, December 03, 2007 9:02 AM
              To:                      eduardo6l@aol.com
              Subject:                 RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Saturday, December 01, 2007 9:57 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




              Web mail from: Mr. Eduardo Ordonez

              address: 705 muldoon RD Anchorage AK 99504




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,




              My name is Eduardo Ordonez and I have some issues that you probably can assist me with, my
              wife SGT Ordonez, Lisania is in the United Stated Army. She is station in Germany and I am
              in Alaska at the present time. We were leaving there for 4 years almost until I desired to
              leave Germany. At the present time since we are geographically separated the Army
              according to their regulation consider her to be a single mom. She has my most precious
              treasure my two son's Lorimer 8 years old and Josiah 5 years old.

              The main reason why we are not together at this moment is because I never understood how
              some one can give so much to their country, to their nation and be maltreated so much.

              I got tired of so many late night, most of the time probably 98%.of time not justify only
              because someone in her chain of command does not like her and did not care about her
              family. She has exhausted all the channels trying to fix the issue but until today almost
              two years later, I do not see any result. To make everything worse she summit her vacation
              request on Oct 31 for the frame time of Dec 20 - Jan 18 And her 1SG denied her leave even
              when she has 62.5 days of leave accumulate. We suppose to meet in New Jersey because her
              mom wants to see her and I want to see them too. Her Mom has not seen her in 4 almost 5
              years because of her job and her mission.



              I push her to send a letter to the congress representative and she sanded it today along
              with other attachments but she told me that is going to take 5-10 business days for the
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008250
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              receiving of the latter . Attach is a copy of the letter she had send. Any help will be
              truly appreciated it by me and the rest of her family.




              eduardo6l@aol.com

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 0008251
