Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                   From:     Leschper, Beth (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MCLESCHPER]
                   Sent:     Monday, December 03, 2007 1:52 PM
                   To:       'Sarah Palin'
                   Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P
                            (GOV)
                   Subject: Remarks for Law Enforcement Leadership Council

                 Governor.

                 Here is the final draft of your remarks for Tuesday's (tomorrow) Law Enforcement Leadership Council 10 a.m.
                 event
                 Commissioner Monegan was kind enough to look these over.

                 Please let me know if you 'd like me to make any changes.

                 Beth


                 Date: Tuesday, Dec. 4
                 Time: 10-10:10 a.m.
                 Event: Alaska Police Standards Council's Law Enforcement Executive Development
                 Conference
                 Location: Dimond Hotel (Conference Room - First Floor)
                 Contact: Terry Vrabec (cell 321-0088)
                 Attendees : Local, state, federal and possibly a few military commanders. Many are police
                 chiefs, deputy chiefs and ranking officers. May be representatives from the FBI, DEA, US
                 Marshall as well as the local and state agencies. Usually about 35-50 attending.


                 Good morning! This must be the safest room in Alaska!

                 I'm so pleased to have the opportunity to congratulate all of you on the fine job you're doing
                 helping keep our fellow Alaskans safe and secure.

                 A key component of my administration's public health and safety priority is enhanced law
                 enforcement.

                We have re-constituted the Alaska Wildlife Troopers to ensure protection for Alaska's wildlife
                resources. This has added some teeth to wildlife enforcement. The separation of "brown shirts"
                and "blue shirts" ultimately helps public safety missions overall.

                My administration has secured federal funding for the VPSO program, as well as expanding
                our law enforcement recruitment and training. We are actively working to expand the number
                of VPSO contractors and VPSOs across the state, to include VPSOs on the road system.

                We are working to standardize the caliber and training of those who are asked to protect us.
                By putting more "boots on the ground" as well as improving our training requirements and
                standards, we are doing a better job protecting our citizens in Alaska.


                 8/24/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0008255
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



                 We have new teeth in the Alaska Police Standards Council regulations that require agencies to
                 report police, correctional or probation officer misconduct. These regulations ensure our
                 communities that Alaska Police Standards is monitoring any misconduct and will take
                 necessary action as appropriate.

                 We must remember that Alaskans expect - and deserve - high ethics and integrity for all
                 public servants and especially our public safety officers.

                 We must all work even harder with all of our communities as partners to ensure that every
                 citizen feels safe, and is treated fairly and with respect.

                 Heroes are those who extend themselves to help others - and do so because they believe in
                 something larger than themselves . Certainly you , and those who work with you, qualify.

                 On behalf of all Alaskans , thank you for the critical work you do - every minute of every day!




                8/24/2009



                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008256
