Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From :    Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAI LEY]
                   Sent:     Monday, December 03, 2007 9:58 AM
                   To:       gov.sarah_@             Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: Privileged or Pei




                 From: McKinnon and Associates, LLC [mailto:mgmckinnon@gci.net]
                 Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 9:57 AM
                 To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
                 Subject: Privileged or PI

                 No need to write back, I know you are busy. Just doing a double send of information regarding Privil   at I sent
                 by phone Friday evening. He is a PE and he has considerable road experience, including the design-build of the
                 Red Dog mine road.

                 Equally Important, he knows the Dalton and Parks Highway repair needs like the back of his hand. These routes
                 are still the key routes for commerce and need our attention.
                 Thanks for working so hard for all of us!
                 Mike




                 8/27/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_000826I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



                    Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                    From :    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                    Sent:     Monday, December 03, 2007 3:25 PM
                    To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                    Subject: FW: Lette from Sen. Dyson

                  Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,
                       It would appear that Sen. Dyson is determined to stir some things up. We will work on a draft response.
                  Talis


                  From: Korttng , Nancy A (LAW)
                  Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 3:12 PM
                  To: Tillery, Craig 3 (LAW); Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW)
                  Subject: Lette from Sen. Dyson

                  Good Afternoon: Attached is a letter from Sen. Dyson dated Nov. 29 concerning two issues he would like DOL to
                  act on; please let me know who the letter should be forward to for response to the two issues; thanks.




                  6/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0008262
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                    serif"' ^:'t*c>a^




                                                                     SENATOR FRED DYSON


                                                                                                                                                     RECEIVED
                        November 29, 2007
                                                                                                                                                      DEC 032O"
                        Talis Colberg                                                                                                           Department of Law
                        Attorney General
                        State of Alaska
                        P.O. Box 110300
                        Juneau, AK 99811-0300

                        Attorney General Colberg:

                        I need some help. Alaska statutes (AS.37.07.014) requires the legislature to:
                        (1) Review and revise the Mission and Measures for each department annually
                        (2) Requires each department to measure the department's performance and accountability
                        against present and agreed standards. This concept was put into place by then Senator Parnell a
                        dozen years ago. In recent years the legislature has ignored its statutory responsibility.

                        I would like to go into court to force both legislative bodies and their finance co-chairs to follow
                        the law. Will the Department of Law assist me to prepare a case and represent me and the people
                        of Alaska in a suit in court?

                        On a separate issue, the people ofEagle River have clearly given the Department of
                        Transportation and Public Facilities specific directions and limitations on two road upgrade
                        projects in Eagle River, namely the "Eagle River Loop Road" and portions of the "Old Glen
                        upgrade". For the last two years I have put in. the Capital Budget strong intent language that
                        reflects the desires of the community and the entire Eagle River legislative delegation.

                        DOT/PF has consistently said they will ignore this budget intent language of the legislature. I
                        want you to go into court on behalf of the legislature to force DOT/PF to perform as directed.
                        This is clearly a separation of powers issue and as our chief defender of our state's constitution I
                        believe you should take it on. If you cannot, it will seem to indicate that you are the
                        administration's in-house attorney and not the people' s legal guardian and advocate. Please
                        understand that I am very sympathetic to you and this governor, and understand the position my
                        request puts you in. I do not want to be at odds with this governor or her administration, but I
                        cannot be true to my oath of office and allow this blatant disregard of our form of constitutional
                        governance.

                       The easiest way forward would be for the leadership of DOT/PF to realize that they are not an
                       isolated kingdom of their own, and realize that we still have government that is "by the people".




                              Durng Session (Jantmry-May) : Alaska State Capitol  Juneau, Alaska 99801  (800) 342-2199  (907) 465-2199  (907) 46S-4587 MX
                                 During Interim (June-December): 10928 Eagle River Road  Eagle River, Alaska 99577  (907) 694- 6683  (907) 694-1015 MX
                                                                Scnator.FrPADyson@Legb-state.ak.us  www.akrcpublicans.org




                                                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0008263
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Attorney General Colberg
                       November 29, 2007
                       Page 2

                       Even if DOT/PF did decide to live under our state's constitution and its legislature, it would not
                       resolve the issue of the value and efficacy of legislative intent language . In some ways I would
                       like to have it established with a court decision . I would appreciate your thoughts on this.

                       If you cannot bring this case yourself, I would appreciate you providing someone from the
                       Department of Law or a contact person to assist me in bringing this (these) court cases forward.

                       Thank you for your help and Merry Christmas.




                       cc: Senate Finance Co-Chairs
                       House Finance Co-Chairs
                       Sarah PaIin, Governor, State of Alaska
                       Leon von Scheben, Commissioner, Department of Transportation and Public Facilities
                       Senator Lyda Green, Senate President
                       Representative John Harris, Speaker of the House




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008264
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



                     Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                     From :    Jackson , Karleen K (HSS) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KKJACKSON]
                     Sent:     Monday , December 03, 2007 9:03 AM
                     To:       Jackson ; Karleen K (HSS); 'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'
                     Cc:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                     Subject: RE: Monday's Health Summit/Health Council

                   Forgot to also mention that the attachment is the press release that will go out about noon today . It includes the
                   draft goals and strategies listed below/



                   From : Jackson, Karleen K (HSS)
                   Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 8:58 AM
                   To: 'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
                   Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV)
                   Subject: Monday's Health Summit/Health Council

                   Governor,

                   We'll miss you at the keynote luncheon today for the Public Health Summit, but appreciate your stopping by to
                   thank the Council for their work!

                  We'll be in Josephine's (take elevator to top floor of the Sheraton ) and will start at 1:30 with remarks by James
                  Whitfield ( Health & Human Services Region X Director from Seattle /DC). I understand you may not get there until
                  1:40, so Dennis and I will try to keep remarks going until you arrive , since there will be round table discussions
                  happening with Council Members , Summit attendee and the public from the end of your comments to the group
                  until 3 p . m. Depending on time constraints , we may try to get a quick picture of you with the Council members.

                  I'll be watching for you between 130 and 1 :40, and you can also call my cell 723 -0777 anytime if you can't find us
                  or your schedule changes . (And, you if by some miracle you are available between noon and 1 : 15, we would
                  welcome having you give comments at the luncheon!)

                  FYI - Here are the Council's preliminary draft recommended goals and sample strategies (which will be
                  discussed today, along with a potential goal around the issue of insurance). All of the goals and
                  strategies support the Council's vision for Alaskans to be the healthiest people in the nation:

                       Health costs for all Alaskans will consistently be well below the national average.
                            o Publish a Web site with comparative information about health.
                       Alaska will have a sustainable health care work force,
                            o Assess the state's health care workforce and develop policies to alleviate the shortage of
                               health care workers.
                       All Alaskan communities will have appropriate and sustainable clean and safe water and
                        wastewater systems.
                       Quality health care will be accessible to 100 percent of Alaskans to meet their health care needs.
                            o Decrease the use of emergency rooms for primary medical care, and improve primary care
                              in rural areas through community health centers and public health nursing.
                       Personal responsibility and prevention in health care become a top priority for government,
                        private sector, communities, families, and individuals.
                            o Develop incentives (such as cost saving for taking action on prevention) and disincentives
                              (such as the Tobacco tax) to encourage to Alaskans improve their health.


                  6/9/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2



                      . Develop and foster the statewide leadership necessary to support a comprehensive statewide
                        health care policy.
                            o Ask the Governor to take the lead in promoting good health and creating an Alaska Health
                               Care Commission.
                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                 Thanks, again . Governor! I appreciate your taking the time to do this!

                  Karleen




                  6/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0008266
