Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, December 04, 2007 10:56 AM
              To:                     jvknpak@acsalaska.net
              Subject:                 RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2007 10:06 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Krizek

             address: P. 0. Box 55228 North Pole AK 99705

               9074881244




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,

             My appologies for not getting this to survey on time. I think the state really needs to
             consider a new power plant for the University of Alaska Fairbanks. The 2 coal boilers were
             built in 1962 and installed in 1963. Basically they are 1950's technology retrofitted with
             newer controls. The fact still remains that they are 45 years old. Every year in may the
             Boilers are overhauled and it has been taking longer and longer each year because they are
             wearing out and parts are gettings scarce. The other 2 boilers run on fuel oil and
             boiler-4 is retrofitted with a combination gas/oil burner assembly. Coal is cheaper than
             gas but there is 10 times more equipment involved for burning coal and it is labor
             intensive to maintain. I understand there is another power plant in the works and it will
             most likely be a coal fired plant. We do need to keep up with the utility demands of the
             ever'expanding University but I think the Univesity should be looking into multi fuel
             options such as waste oil and

              cooking oil (biodiesel). UAF does have a V18 10MW diesel engine generator that was
             originally intended to run on coal slurry. My comments here are very brief and incomplete
             but the point I want to make is that UAF should be leading the way with energy
             alternatives. A co-generation plant with multi-fuel options where student engineers can
             get real experience and training would be the way to leads us into the 21 century.

             Thank you for your attention

             Joe Krizek




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008270
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             jvknpak@acsalaska.net

             PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS
                                                                                                                                i




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0008271
