Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 05, 2007 2:46 PM
               To:                     tomcat@mtaonline.net
               Subject :               RE: Education


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 05, 2007 1:09 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Education




              Web mail from: Ms. Jennifer robinson

              address :    HC 89 #8182 talkeetna AK 99676




              MESSAGE:

              Jennifer Robinson

              H.C. 89 #8182

              Talkeetna, Alaska

                               99676




                      Dear Governor Sarah Palin,



                    I am writing to let you know how pleased I am with the HRC Learning Center in
              Palmer, Alaska. I am a Alaska high school dropout that recently decided to get my General
              Education Diploma to further my education. The staff at HRC was very welcoming and
              helpful. I live in a remote village and had to drive over 100 miles on a regular basis to
              get the study information that I needed. Glory and Tim went well out of their way to see
              that I had all the study    information I needed and did a great job with helping me
              receive my General Education Diploma..

                    I encourage you to make sure that this program is well funded. Their highly
              motivated staff, good educational resources, and easy-going learning environment make the
              chances of someone successfully completing the program very high. I dropped out in the
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008309
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ninth grade and received my GED in one and a half months . I look forward to going on to
               college at UAA and serving the state of Alaska with a good education.

                     It is important to make sure that programs like HRC receive good funding from the
               state because they improve the community by helping Alaskans further their educations. I
               am very grateful for the HRC Learning Center and thank you for having such programs
               available.



                      Sincerely,

                      Jennifer Robinson



               tomcat@mtaonline.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008310
