Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 05, 2007 2:29 PM
               To:                     spinaweb@alaska.com
               Subject:                RE: Budget


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2007 8:03 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Ms. Cindy Christensen

              address :   P 0 Box 112244 Anchorage AK 99511

                907-349-9933




              MESSAGE :

              Please take into consideration the budget to fix/maintain the Service High School pool.
              Keeping our children involved in swimming is a healthy perspective. This year, we had 88
              students on the swim team. They bonded and became not just athletes competing,'but a
              network of friends who became one huge loving, supportive family. We did have to share
              pool time with South, which really was sad and hard on the parents with the practice times
              differing. The Parks and Recreation need funds to invest in the future of our kids- repair
              and maintain the Service pool. I would rather have my kid on the swim team, rather than
              in trouble on the streets. Essentially, it could be detrimental to kids staying on the
              team if they got even less pool time to have to stack 3 or 4 schools over at East or West
              pools since Bartlett is also on the chopping block. Our kids want to swim - please fix
              the pool, adjust the budget to make this a priority. I sincerely would appreciate your
              consideration.  Cindy

              Christensen -proud parent of a swimmer!



              spinaweb@alaska.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008311
