Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, December 05, 2007 2:42 PM
             To:                     govpalin @alaska.gov
             Subject:                Touching Email


             Governor, this is a very touching email. Janice



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, December 05, 2007 8:01 AM            _

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Scott Ungerecht

             address: 1904 H Avenue, Apartment D-2 La Grande OR 97850

              541-963-8161



            MESSAGE:

             Scott Alan Ungerecht

             1904 H Avenue

            Apartment D-2

            La Grande, Oregon 97850

            Phone: 541-963-8161

            Email: scottu2l072@yahoo.com



            Scott Alan Ungerecht's U.S. Army Museum Soldier Profile:

            https://www.usarmyregistry.org/registry/plaque.aspx?honoreeID=51170




            Alaska Governor Sarah Palin

            Juneau Office

            P.O. Box 110001

            Juneau, AK 99811-0001

                                                               I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Phone (907) 465-3500

             Fax (907) 465-3532



             Dear Governor Palin,




            I would like to extend my sincere wishes for joy, peace and happiness for you, your
            parents and your immediate family during the Christmas holiday season in Alaska. I also
            would like to extend my sincere wishes for joy, peace, and happiness for your son, Track,
            while he is currently serving as a soldier in the United States Army.



            I do not know if you and your family will be able to spend Christmas day this year in
            person with your son while he is serving as a soldier in the United States Army.



            If you and your family are unable to spend Christmas day in person with your son, while he
            is currently serving in the Army, please do not feel sad or disappointed. The great love,
            pride and care that you and your family have for Track will always be inside your heart.



            I also know your son will feel the exact same love , pride and care in his heart for you
            and your family. Those strong emotional feelings for personal family will always keep you,
            your family and your son feeling close to each other, no matter how far apart you are from
            each other during the holidays.



            Having been a soldier trainee myself in the United States Army for only six months at Fort
            Leonard Wood, Missouri (while attending my basic combat training) in 2005, I know exactly
            how difficult and challenging it must be for your son to be away from his family and
            friends that he cares about so very much, especially during the holidays.



            Serving as a soldier in the United States Army is never easy. Dedicating yourself towards
            the accomplishment of important national goals and achievements in the United States
            requires a very strict moral code of honor, integrity, loyalty, dedication, selfless-
            service and respect for other people.



            Only the most highly noble and dedicated people in the world can do something like that in'
            the United States, and both yourself and your son are two such people who have repeatedly
            accomplished that task every day. You and your son should both feel very proud and know
            that the people of Alaska are very proud of you in return.



            Governor Palin, I would also like to express my sincere congratulations on your first
            successful year in public office as the governor of the state of Alaska. Since December 4,
            2006, you have made many numerous and wonderful accomplishments for both the state of
            Alaska and for the United States of America as a whole nation.



            You have much to be proud of with your professional accomplishments as governor of the
            state of Alaska. However, I personally feel that the greatest accomplishment you have
            achieved as a parent in 2007 (beyond raising your daughters on a daily basis) was the day
            that your son, Track, chose to enlist into active service with the United States Army.
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0008322
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Although many people living in Alaska might have forgotten about your son's courageous
             choice to enlist in the United States Army earlier this year , I want you to know that I
             have not forgotten about your son's enlistment in the Army.



             As an honorable United States Army veteran , I have not forgotten what your son's
             professional service as an American soldier means to the United States of America. I will
             never forget because I am a soldier , I am an Army veteran and I am an American citizen.




             I have also enjoyed visiting your official state of Alaska public online website at
             http :// gov.state . ak.us / index . php. I enjoy exploring the many wonderful and highly
             informative pages on your website while reading about all of your current professional
             accomplishments as governor of Alaska.



             While exploring the Photo Gallery section of your official website, I noticed one picture
             in your Photo Gallery that really caught my attention as a United States Army veteran. I
             was looking at a picture in the Photo Gallery called " Exxon Supreme Court Decision ", which
             is located on your website at http: // gov.state . ak.us / large_photo . php?id=92.



             In the "Exxon Supreme Court Decision" photograph , that was taken inside your office in
             Juneau , Alaska, on October 29, 2007, I noticed in the upper right corner of the photograph
             that there is a small red and white flag with a single blue star in the middle of it that.
             is hanging in your office window.



             As a United States Army veteran, I immediately recognized the flag in your office window
             as a representation and a reminder of your son , Track, and his current service as a
             soldier in the United States Army . Upon first seeing the flag in the photograph, I felt
             much honored pride as an Army veteran.



             The reason I felt much honored pride as an Army veteran is because you have chosen, as a
             parent, to greatly honor and remember your son and his current service as an American
             soldier by hanging in your office window a flag with a single blue star in the middle of
             it.



             As governor of Alaska , you may or may not be aware that the seven Army values today are
             loyalty, duty , respect, selfless - service, honor , integrity and personal courage. As a
             United States Army veteran , I always live these high moral values today in my personal
             life, even though I am no longer an active soldier in the United States Army.



             I am also strongly dedicated to always searching for the truth and I strongly believe in
             the self-preservation of democracy , freedom of speech and freedom of self-expression, plus
             all of the other personal rights and freedoms that every American citizen is granted
             today.



            For the past 35 years, I have dedicated myself to doing a lifetime of good deeds from
            Alaska to Missouri. During those 35 years I have been a Cub Scout and a Junior Volunteer
            Firefighter in Big Lake Alaska, a five-year volunteer with the Homer Chamber of Commerce
                                                           3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0008323
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              in Homer, Alaska, and a Boy Scout in Lake Tahoe, California and a soldier trainee in the
              United States Army for six months.



              I have also never once violated the law in my entire life and I have never once had to
              stand in a real court room before an official judge or a jury. I have dedicated most of my
              personal life trying to help other people as a volunteer and also offer my positive and
              encouraging support by email and regular postal letters to politicians, American military
              soldiers, and private American citizens and news media journalists from Alaska to The
              White House in Washington, D.C.




              I have always done these kinds of things because I honestly believe in the greater good of
              American society. I honestly believe in the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights. I
              honestly believe in always doing the right thing and I have never once wavered or faltered
              in those same strong personal beliefs that make me who I am today as an individual and as
              an American citizen.




              The reason I am sharing all of this with you is not because I am seeking personal praise,
              or respect, or special recognition. I am sharing with you this information about me in
              case you might be wondering who I am and why I always enjoy being kind, supportive,
              respectful and helpful to complete strangers.



              I hope you and your family have a very Merry Christmas and a happy and wonderful New Year
              for 2008. Please keep up the excellent work that you do every day as the Governor of
              Alaska. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter and allowing me to share with you
              my thoughts.



              Sincerely,

              Scott Alan Ungerecht




              scottu2l072@yahoo.com

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                           4




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008324
