Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                      Thursday, December 06, 2007 12:57 PM
              To:                        rsrjas@gci.net
              Subject :                  RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 05, 2007 6:36 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Ms. Judy Stohl

              address :   2419 B .   17th Ave.   Anchorage AK 99508




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Gov.Palin,




              i listened to your speech at West High this evening concerning the use of the surplus. I
              am curious why you plan to use a portion of the surplus to help fund TERS but not PERS? Is
              there some reason you would favor TERS or do you have another plan in mind for PERS? Since
              the repayment of PERS/TERS was the top priority amongst those who did the survey, I would
              be interested to know the reason for this exclusion of PERS?

               I will appreciate and look forward to your response.



              Sincerely , Judy Stohl



              rsrj as@gci . net




                                                                      1




                                                                                                               P RA_GS PO 1 _0008351
