Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, December 06, 2007 3:29 PM
              To:                      Frank Bailey; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Katz;
                                       John W (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                                       (DOR)
               Subject:                Re: Fwd: Re: Strike while the iron is hot!


               Lisa's comment needs to be clarified asap then - or Halcro's going to spin it OUT of
               control. She told me the other night "grat job- keep it up" after AGIA announcement.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From : frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



              Date: Thu, 6 Dec 2007 16:26:36

              To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah®yahoo.com>, mike.tibbles@alaska.gov, joe.balash@alaska.gov,
              tom.irwin®alaska.gov, jwkatz@alaskadc.org

              Cc: kris.perry®alaska.gov

               Subject: Re: Fwd: Re: Strike while the iron is hot!




              Kris and I had a visit from Karen Knutsen, COS to Sen. Murkowski. We were able to ask her
              two questions:

               1.      What are the Senator's thoughts on AGIA

              2.   Is there truth to this rumor that Halcro spoke with her and her comment was that AGIA
              was a disaster.



              Her response was that she is excited about AGIA, but concerned if the producers don't show
              up to play. She then said on the 2nd comment that the Senator's words can be parsed and
              misconstrued by others as well as the media. She reiterated that the Senator is
              optimistic about AGIA, just concerned about lack of producer cooperation.



              F




              frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com> wrote: Just wanted to forward what is being said. The
              Halcro and Alliances stances aren't surprising, but the Senator's comments if accurate
              would seem concerning.



              Kris Perry and Tom Irwin were bcc'd on my response to Denny Schoenfeld in Fairbanks.
                                                           1




                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0008338
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               F




               Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com> wrote: To: "Denny" <denny@alaskatent.com>

               CC: "'John Reeves'" <john.reeves@alaska.gov>

               Subject: Re: Strike while the iron is hot!

               From: "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

               Date: Thu, 6 Dec 2007 23:04:04 +0000




                   Hi Denny,




               This is Frank Bailey , not the Governor . Thanks so much for sending along . I'll get this in
               the hands of the folks who can do something with it.



               As you can surmise, there is a very rigid process that must take its course before the
               State can really comment on issues specifically. I am not the expert on this issue,.but my
               understanding is there is little that can be said during the evaluation process.



               Again I really appreciate you speaking up from Fairbanks.



               Frank

               -----original Message-----

               From: "Denny"




               Date: Thu, 6 Dec 2007 13:58:23

               To:"'Sarah Palin'"

               Cc:"'John Reeves"'

               Subject: Strike while the iron is hot!




               Governor Palin

                Today at Lunch in Fairbanks I listened to Andrew Halcrow expound upon his opinion that
               the legislature `caved' on the tax increase legislation and that AGIA will not only fail
               but delay a gas line for years to come. Of course the Alliance audience listened with open
               ears . I'm confident you and your team will prove him wrong. I would like to help in some
               small way with two suggestions.


                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0008339
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Suggestion # 1: I would encourage you personally to travel to DC and meet face to face
               with this administration in the very near future to prevent them from being negatively
               influenced against AGIA. (i.e to protect your back side).



               At the luncheon, Halcrow scoffed at all bidders. He did say Trans Canada had the expertise
               to build the line but dismally fail to have sufficient assets . As long as the major oil
               companies won't commit during open season then their project is doomed . He also mentioned
               that Lisa Murkowski met with Bush's energy secretary who asked her about AGIA. Halcrow
               reported Lisa saying that the energy secretary sees AGIA as a complete failure and that
               they may as well forget ever getting Alaska gas. I'm wondering what kind of `spin' she put
               on it?



               I believe the major oil companies along with Senator Murkowski may be ganging up on you.
              They feel like they hold all the cards . With your enormous popularity with the people of
              Alaska as your credentials , you personally should represent us at a meeting face to face
              IN Washington DC to recruit the feds in support of your effort with AGIA. With the Energy
              Secretary's endorsement you would instantly empty ALL the wind from their sails. What a
              dynamic shift of power . Imagine President Bush AND Governor Palin teamed up facing the
              other side of the table!!!



              If President Bush and/or the Secretary of Energy is serious about getting Alaska gas to
              the lower 48 to relieve the energy crisis all the Fed would have to do is become a major
              guarantor of the construction loan of 20 - 30 billion dollars to back a company like Trans
              Canada who has the expertise . There is a good argument why they should: The Tennessee
              Valley Authority was created years ago to resolve an energy crisis . why not create a
              similar structure, some form of Alaska Gas authority backed with Federal dollars as the
              guarantor?



              The best defense is a great offense . I suspect the major oil companies are intent upon
              keeping their 'power' position by treating Alaska as a backwater third world country. They
              may be are VERY busy whispering in the ears at the Federal level painting themselves to be
              the 'agrieved party' in the AGIA process. They mistakenly believe they hold all the high
              cards with their world class legal department to block AGIA in the courts for years. They
              are counting on Alaska remaining isolated and alone against them . If you are successful in
              recruiting the endorsement of the Bush Administration the entire power dynamic shifts
              completely. I believe that's the one thing they secretly fear.



               The Bush Administration knows that one of the key's to saving face and achieving a
              credible exit strategy from the mid east crisis includes a successful program to reduce US
              dependence on foreign oil. I think the reason the Energy Secretary is so busy inquiring of
              Senator Murkowski about our progress is in support of that goal.



              Suggestion # 2: If the majors refuse to release their gas during an open season process
              there are some very compelling arguments for the state of Alaska to consider building an
              in-state gas line for our own use without their gas.



               What the Bush administration, the major oil companies (and possibly our federal
              delegation) don·'t realize is that with a popular leader such as yourself we don't have to
              play ball with any of them. We could seriously inhibit Bush's energy policy. This is the
              second time around for me (I was paying close attention 30 years ago when the oil
              companies 'wined and dined' us to get the oil line). We are no longer country bumpkins. I
              don't think they realize that there are very good arguments in support of just keeping and
                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0008340
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               utilizing our gas here at home in Alaska.



                Can you imagine the possibilities for Alaskans for generations? Not only reduced energy
               costs for homes and businesses. With a plentiful supply of natural gas at tide water in
               Alaska the 'value added' petrochemical industries would have to come to us 'hat in hand'
               which would create a sustainable economy in Alaska, a healthy tax base, and quality, high
               paying jobs for our grand children (not just boom and bust pipeline wages)



                I've found sometimes that the strongest negotiating position comes from not being afraid
               to lose. 'The only thing to fear is fear itself". If President Bush needs Alaska gas for
               his energy policy his administration needs to stand with us as a strong proponent of the
               AGIA process. I don't think they can afford politically to see us decide to keep our gas
               at home for our own economic well being.



                Can you imagine the threat to their agendas if you, Governor Palin utilized your
               statewide credibility (and popularity) by beginning to talk publicly about the economic
               benefits of our own 24 inch line from Prudhoe to south central? if this is a poker game I
               don't think any of the three groups I've mentioned realize just how strong a hand Alaska
               is holding.



               Thank you listening!



              Denny Schlotfeldt

               General Manager

              Alaska Tent & Tarp

               (907) 456-5501

               fax (907 )    452-5260

               Fairbanks ,   Alaska




                                                            4




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008341
