Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 06, 2007 12:56 PM
               To:                     micneil@mtaonline.net
               Subject :               RE: Health Care


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMaili0gov.state.ak.us)

               Sent: Wednesday, December 05, 2007 6:26 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Health Care




               Web mail from: Ms. Micki Daharsh

               address :   6920 E . Wolf Lake Drive Wasilla AK 99654




               MESSAGE:

               With some of the Surplus Funds, would you do something along the lines of providing a
               State Medical Program like some other states have i.e. Hawaii - Delaware - etc.



              Since so many of us older people cannot afford Alaska medical costs because of the
              shortfall of Medicare coverage (when that is all the coverage you have & can afford like
              us)  maybe if the state could help with some of this cost, more doctors would consider
              taking care of Medicare Patients that they turn away now.



               Thanks for your consideration of this idea.




              Mic




              micneil@mtaonline.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1 0008352
