Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 06, 2007 1:04 PM
               To:                     Dave Walker@assetsinc.org
               Subject :               RE: Fish and Game


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need , suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

               Sent: Thursday, December 06, 2007 7:47 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Fish-and-Game



               Web mail from: Mr. Dave Walker

               address: P.O. Box 670835, Chugiak AK 99567

                688-4405




               MESSAGE:

               Govenor Palin, is anyone looking into a last years rules for hunting in area 13 and the
               rediculous requirements that were instituted, ie. Bringing out the entire head, hide,
               cutting the antlers in half etc. What a bunch of nonsense) Not to mention the mess it left
               in dumpsters, dumped along the side of our roads and who knows where else, as town
               dwellers tried to find a way to expose of all this rediculousness! It seemed like payback
               by fish and game because their first idea was trumped in court; There certainly is no
               other reason for these requirements, not to mention that what is total garbage to you and
               I, feeds many other animals in the wild. Please have your staff review these insane
               procedures prior to the 2008 hunting season and assist Fish and Game in getting back to
               reality.



                                                          Sincerely, Dave Walker




               Dave Walker@assetsinc.org



                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008347
