Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 06, 2007 1:16 PM
               To:                     karen.dynamic@gci.net
               Subject:                RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need , suggestion , or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Thursday, December 06, 2007 10:15 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other




               Web mail from : Ms. Karen Foster

               address :.3111 C St # 100 Anchorage AK 99503

                907-727-1111




               MESSAGE:

               I'm sorry I didn't get to participate in the survey. I was wondering if choices were
               given? I don't see anything mentioned for the Department of Public Safety and the safety
               of our citizens.



               I would like to see some of the surplus go towards building a new larger crime lab. In
               July when you signed the bill to add more people to our crime lab I thought things would
               quickly improve and our backlog of DNA samples would disappear. So far the only thing
               I've seen disappear is that stat from reports. I'll email the report separately. Someone
               decided that the state will no longer keep track of the number of convicted felon DNAs
               Alaska has entered in a year. I'm sure its because its an embarassment.     It is
               heartbreaking to think that things aren't progressing. We need to balance the scales of
               justice and get the criminals of our streets.



               Sincerely,



               Karen Foster

               907-727-1111




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0008344
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               karen.dynamicogci.net
