Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, December 07, 2007 1:48 PM
              To:                      hmorgan@kuskokwim.org
              Subject :                RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Friday, December 07, 2007 12:02 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Mr. herman morgan

              address : box 78 aniak AK 99557

               675-4578,4393




              MESSAGE:

              Thank you very much, Governor Palin for proposing to use some of the anticipated budget
              surplus for alternative energy.

              The U. S. military has surplus C13.0 cargo aircraft, perhaps Gov. Palin can find find a way
              to get the private sector to access those aircraft to transport say, 300 lb propane
              cylinders to rural Alaska villages.

               Another option might be to work with native cooperations who are major landowners and
              have investment capital, to develope a single rail high speed elevated train system like
              in Europe, to transport fuel sources to the Bush and backhaul ore from mines to processing
              facilites. This would solve two problems, cheaper energy to the Bush, and would allow
              mining in environmently sensitive areas.

               Another option might be to work with Boeing aircraft, who is looking for financial
              backing to develope a lighter than air , heavy lift craft,

              Either of those options would greatly help Alaska solve it's problems in an environmently
              freindly way.

              Keep up the great job you are doing Governor, I am glad I supported you in your bid for
              Governor !

                Herman W. Morgan




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008370
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              hmorgan@kuskokwim.org




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0008371
