Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, December 07, 2007 1:35 PM
              To:                      kimnlisa@gci.net
              Subject:                 RE: Public Safety


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Thursday, December 06, 2007 9:41 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Public-Safety



              Web mail from: Mr. Kim Hubert

               address :   17636 Teklanika Drive Eagle River AK 99577

                907-223-6867




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Ms. Palin,

              Tragedy struck our family this past Wednesday evening as what appears to be a large wolf
              took our pet dog from Artillary Road near Eagle River on Fort Richardson.    The next
              morning we tracked the animal(s) and found a few remains about a mile from the core of
              Eagle River.  This attack was about 30 feet from my wife.



              We really wanted our loss to become others warning as to this danger that is so close.
              Several calls were made to the Anchorage and Fort Richardson ADFG offices in the early
              morning and again in the afternoon, but as of Thursday evening none of them have been
              returned.  The overriding concern is the question of how important is the public safety to
              these people? One of the clerks responded that wolf attacks on dogs are fairly common! I
              don't recall any in the municipality of Anchorage in the past 10.years, so are there facts
              regarding other attacks in the MOA that are not being given to the public? There are many
              children and other dogs in our community that are the same size as our 36 pound dog.



              We ask you to have someone check with ADFG to see if this incident is "common" around the
              MOA, and why no one has responded to our messages. The public deserves to know the
              frequency and location of these types of incidents so they can avoid them. This should
              have been actively investigated to determine the type, number, and health of the attacking
              animal before precious evidence is lost.


                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008378
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Thank you for the opportunity to address my concerns .     I hope and pray for the safety of
              our people , and their pets.



              Respectfully , Kim Hubert



              kimnlisa*gci.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008379
