Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Friday, December 07, 2007 1:39 PM
               To:                     trailsidegrill@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, December 07, 2007 3:36 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget



              Web mail from: Ms. Shellie Allen

              address: Box 332 Glennallen AK 99688




              MESSAGE:

              I think you're doing a fantastic job.

              I would, however, like to suggest that a portion of 'The Billions' be spent to promote
              tourisim across the highways to and within Alaska. Tourism is one of our main industries
              and is hurting very badly of late. It seems there is a bit of apathy when it comes to
              touting our gloriously beautiful and awe inspiring state to other states and countries.
              Some well made and well placed advertising on TV and in the lower 48 would give a great
              many rural Alaskan businesses a much needed shot in the arm.

              Spending on education is well and good, but it won't keep our children here if our
              industries and businesses fail.

              Thank you Sarah and keep up the good work!



              trailsidegrill@yahoo.com

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0008377
