  Unknown

   From :    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [frank.bailey@alaska.gov]
  Sent:     Thursday, April 03, 2008 10:20 AM
  To:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
  Cc:        ExternalEmailgsp; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; krisandclark@yahoo.com; ivyfrye@yahoo.com
  Subject: FW: Homer's response to Stedman




  From : Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
  Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 10:18 AM
  To: 'mike heimbuch'
  Subject : RE: Homer's response to Stedman

  Mike,

  This is fantastic... just read it. Please get this out. ADN Compass, Clarion, Trib,

  This is awesome... absolutely awesome. I'm going to share this with the Gov & Sharon Leighow.
  Especially love the 2nd to last paragraph.

  F


  From : mike heimbuch [mailto:musicman@xyz.net]
  Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 7:30 AM
  To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
  Subject: Fw: Homer's response to Stedman


   ---- Original Message -----
  From : mike heimbuch
  To: Bailey. Frank T (GOV)
  Sent : Wednesday, April 02, 2008 9:14 AM
  Subject : Fw: Homer's response to Stedman




  Frank,
  Homer may have a response to Stedman's words in the ADN

 "I can defend and justify every project in that district " Stedman said . "You'll see there is no fluffy
 stuff."

 Stedman's words reflect part of a problem with public spending. Legislators are the focal point for projects
 originated by municipalities and other interest groups. Certainly these groups don't see their projects as
 'fluffy stuff nor do we expect them to. These projects often make it onto CIP wish lists of a city or
 borough. But that may not be sufficient proof of public need or community support. In Homer this last
 month, by a 2-1 margin, voters rejected an 8 million dollar bond for a new city hall and town center. This
 project had support of the Legislature, University, city government, and several interest groups, stretching
 back many years.

 The Homer vote can be instructive for us. Often times the very people who bring projects forward for


                                                                                               ROSTON 01837
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 public funding have not measured the will of the people. The fact that an interest group or local government has a
 decent purpose in mind is not adequate reason to hold the public treasury hostage or badger people into
 spending it.

 It may be difficult to see why a governor might personally agree with and support the public purpose of a project -
 and yet find reason to disapprove spending public money on it. It is simply because the governor is not elected to
 impose their personal preferences upon the public or hand out some yearly allowance to well behaved
 children. People expect the governor to apply a consistent and defensible approach for measuring public need
 prior to spending public money.

 To the extent that election of a governor reflects the will of the people - so then must the people 's will be reflected
 in the veto pen of the governor.




                                                                                                 ROSTON 01838
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
