Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Monday, December 10, 2007 9:12 AM
               To:                     arthur@corlissfamily.org
               Subject:                RE: Economic Development


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, December 07, 2007 6:33 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Economic-Development




              Web mail from: Mr. Arthur Corliss

              address :   3611 Hollyberry Circle Anchorage AK 99507




              MESSAGE:

              You managed to get an absurd tax increased passed with ACES. Let's put more money into a
              fat and bloated government.  We (my whole family voted for you) sent you to Juneau to
              clean house and reign in an abhorrent government that has the highest per-capita costs of
              any state government.




              I expect you to reduce the size of the Alaskan government and per-capita spending. At the
              ridiculous levels we're at right now there is absolutely no excuse for *any* increases,
              not even inflationary adjustments.



              At this point of your administration I have seen nothing that would compel me to vote for
              you a second time. We got rid of the big government/spend happy. Democratic administration
              only to get stuck with a bought & paid for Republican administration. We got rid of him
              only to get someone who has yet, in my opinion, to do anything positive for our state.



              You've increased taxes (brilliant move, BTW, given that the Feds are only a senate vote
              away from increasing their taxes as well), done virtually nothing to downsize government
              with your first budget, and screwed up the Mat-maid situation beyond belief.



              Do you think Dan Fagan is upset? I don't even like him, but I'm far more angry than he
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008446
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              is.   We were sold a bill of goods with you that I have yet to      see any substance delivered
              on.



              arthur@corlissfamily.org




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI 0008447
