Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                     Monday, December 10, 2007 9:39 AM
              To:                       comeau_carol@asdkl2.org
              Subject:                  RE: Education


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although. she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

              Sent :   Friday,   December 07, 2007 10:41 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin         ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject :   Education




              Web mail from : Ms. Carol Comeau

              address :   5530 E . Northern Lights Blvd. Anchorage AK 99504

               742-4312




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,

              Thank you so much for your vision, leadership, and support for our public schools this
              week. I cannot tell you how much all of us want to celebrate with you. The idea that we
              could actually plan ahead, really focus on student achievement, connecting with parents
              and families, and really digging into the serious issues of low graduation rates and high
              drop out rates excites me very much. We spend too much time trying to justify our
              collective needs, when we should be focused on teaching and learning.



              You and your staff are to be commended for honoring the work of the Joint Funding Task
              Force and for honoring your commitments made during the election for early and forward
              funding.



              My sincere thanks,

              Carol Comeau

              ASD Superintendent




              comeau_carol@asdkl2.org

                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0008443
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008444
