Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, December 10, 2007 9:10 AM
              To:                     ownedbymydawgs@hotmail.com
              Subject:                RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

              Sent: Friday, December 07, 2007 5:43 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Ms. Rebecca Henry

              address : HC 35 Box 5420K Wasilla AK 99654




              MESSAGE:

              Mrs. Palin

                I am a two and a half year employee of Mat Su Community Transit, better known as MASCOT,
              based in Wasilla. As you know, we operate on grant moneys, as long as we can meet them.
              Well, here is the schpeel. We are hanging on by a thin margin, and the grant match moneys
              are getting harder to raise due to rising fuel costs and maint. We are meeting ourtails
              as we get ahead in any way.

                I am not harping my own tune, just know the facts that this transit system is very
              appreciated and needed by those who use us to get where they need to go, i.e. doctors,
              physical therapy, basic grocery shopping, personal legal matters, you name it. The
              passengers have expressed their appreciation to me personally, and through the other
              drivers. The seniors of the valley who are unable to drive themselves anymore get all
              excited when we show up to pick them up, and most of them just want to go for the rides.
              Many agencies depend on us to get physically and mentally challenged clients to their
              places so they can do the day care that they are in the business for. These clients look
              forward to the trip there and home. Yes, we moved into our new home April 2006, but after
              moving into our own home, we have faced the rising costs of utilities, fuel, maintenance
              and upkeep of a new building. Before we moved, we were in City Hall in the old police
              station. You should remember that.

                Bottom line, I am aware of where the "transportation" moneys are going, and more
              attention needs to be given to the "ground transportation" of the state. Yes, I know there
              is grant moneys available, but the guidelines to meeting the matching moneys needs to be
              relaxed a bit, so little companies like MASCOT can survive. Our fixed route ridership has
              fluctuated quite a bit, but the up side is larger than it was in 1999. KTOU News did a bit
              on us last month, as has ADN a couple years back, and big word of mouth. We are faced with
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008448
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              cutting routes , not a good idea or feeling , and staff to cut down on costs , and raising
              rates which will cut ridership down quite a bit . Several of our drivers are single income
              large families where one parent is needed home due to small children , and a few, like
              myself , are working just to make ends meet with a two income family . I know times are
              hard , but when the moneys are there to support a non profit business , why should they sit
              there gathering dust?

                 This is one idea I am sending to you, as a citizen , and an employee , of what to do with
              the excess oil tax moneys.



              Thank you for listening

              Sincerely,

              Rebecca Henry




              p.s. When you were mayor , and Wonderland Park opened up, you and Santa had a dog sled race
              from the Feed Store to the Park . I remember very well , it was my team that you were in the
              sled with . My friend Kim drove Santa. Good memory, huh?



              Have a Merry Christmas!




              ownedbymydawgs@hotmail.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0008449
