Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored).Igovemor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Monday, December 10, 2007 9:07 AM
               To:                     stefaniedeal @excite.com
               Subject:                RE: Militaryand Veterans Affairs


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information' Yoa'haveseut are agortantand valuable to the Governor.. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need , suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday ,   December 07, 2007 3:44 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




              Web mail from: Ms. Stefanie Deal

              address :   8617 W. Lynnette Dr.    Apt 4 Wasilla AK 99654

                907-373-7965




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,




              My name is Stefanie Deal, and I am writing you in regards to my brother, John Abraham
              Wren.  He has been serving in the United States Airforce for the past four and a half
              years.  He is 22 years old and has been over seas to Afghanistan, and as a soldier and
              defender of our homeland, I am in his debt. He has never been to Alaska, but as a
              resident myself, I have been witness to your fine work as Governor. He has recently found
              himself in an unfair situation, as many of our soldiers do.  He made a mistake that many
              of his comrads have, and the military has chosen to make an example out of him. They have
              recently informed him that he will be receiving an artical 15, and losing his stripes. He
              has one and half years remaining to serve his country. I am afraid that the JAG lawyers
              are not optimistic in his case . If there is anything you can do, if you are friendly with
              any congressmen, my entire family would be indebted to you. If you or one of your
              representatives would please con

              sider contacting my brother, the number he's available at is 208-283-4486. He is
              currently in Mountain Home Idaho. Thank you for your time, and your dedication to the
              beautiful state of Alaska.




              Sincerely,




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008450
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Stefanie Deal and Family



              P.S.  Unfortunately , I cannot access my email at this time, so if you wish to contact me,
              please call me at home .  907-373-7965




              stefaniedeal oexcite.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0008451
