Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Tuesday, December 11, 2007 10:57 AM
               To:                     dogsledteam@hotmail.com
               Subject:                RE: Budget


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Monday, December 10, 2007 8:26 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Budget




               Web mail from: Mr. William J. Journey

               address :   P.O. B ox 72969 Fairbanks AK 99707

                907-389-2779




               MESSAGE:

              Alaskans must benefit equally from the resources that has created such wealth, for its
              citizenry.  At this time, the

               wealth is disproportionately administered amongst Alaskan citizenry, by your
               administration.



              It is about time for Alaskans to demand that land grant UA start paying for its own costs.
              Don't give UA anymore money unless the money given is matching the amount generated from
              their land grant status. If you are going to be so kind giving money to UA then please be
              so kind to reinstitute the fully funded student loan program (for strictly UA programs).
              This kindness will stop TJA practice of double-dipping, from Alaskans; and give Alaska's
              most important resources, Alaskan children, the best education possible (within our own
              educational system); by using the money differently. (Solve two.problems with the same
              money!)  UAF has tremendous wasteful practices administering free money!



              During the building of the Museum, a particular stone didn't look right to the
              administrator so all of the stone ordered was destroyed; and new stone was ordered, at
              twice the price. I believe the stone eventually cost three times over the projected
              costs.  There are maney fraudulent budgets created by UAF - it only takes the State
              Auditors to find this wanton wastes of Alaskans wealth!




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Lastly, it think you are making a terrible mistake to not assist the mentally challenged
               Alaskans, in Fairbanks. They are human-being (and Alaskans) who suffer from simple minds,
               and strong hearts.   They don't require much when compared to other budgetary items, like
               roads, bridges, etc.   The mentally challenged are not a burden upon Alaskans - they are an
               asset!



               Sometimes I wonder why we, as human - being , hate our species so much . It really doesn't
               make a lot of sense , thinking about it logically to condemn ourselves into misery.    We are
               not "bullies" upon the mentally challenged of our species ; nor upon the sick - unless we
               are truly "bullies".



               You are not a "bullie" Sarah!



               Respectfully submitted,



               William J. Journey

               "Alaskan Wolfman"



               dogsledteam@hotmail.com




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008470
