Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                    Tuesday, December 11, 2007 10:49 AM
               To:                      kellied@gmail.com
               Subject :                RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

               Sent: Monday, December 10, 2007 1:03 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: other




               Web mail from: Ms. Kellie Davis

               address: 6900 Fireweed Drive Wasilla AK 99654




               MESSAGE:

               Sarah & Staff--



               I was initially outraged by you wanting to turn down federal earmarks - however before I
               curse up a storm, I suppose I should ask more about it.



               Is there any way we can "exchange" some of that earmarked money for opening up more
               federal land to the state? How will we fund what matters to us? I think it's a great idea
               to decline much of the federal monies but I am afraid of us returning to the age before
               the feds took over, minus the state having land and resources to use!



               I appreciate your response to this and understand if it' s a form letter.



               Kellie



              kellied@gmail.com


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0008471
