Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/C N=GOVERNOR)
             Sent:                    Tuesday, December 11, 2007 11:06 AM
             To:                      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Public Safety




             -----Original Message-----

             From: huberts (mailto:kimnlisa@gci.net)

             Sent: Tuesday, December 11, 2007 7:57 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: FW: Public-Safety



             To Governor Palins' Office,



             RE:      Additional Followup



             Monday afternoon Rick Sinnot finally returned our calls, and decided to put

             out a press release. We are thankful that the public is finally allowed

             this information.      Regretfully, there was a wolf attack on a dog near

             Eklutna about a week previous to ours, and reports from joggers of wolves

             following them.      Had this been initially reported in a timely manner our

             dogs fate may have been different, but I am grateful that my wifes fate was

             not that of our dogs. The press release we saw did not include the several

             wolf incidents that Mr. Sinnot shared with us, but only the Eklutna

             incident.     THE REAL PROBLEM REMAINS . . . Why wasn't the public notified in

             a timely manner, and with complete information? Does ADFG act in the same

             manner if a bear is feeding on a carcas near a trail? Our public safety is

             jeopardized.




             Thank you for the opportunity to express our concern.



             -----Original Message-----

                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008479
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From : huberts   [ mailto : kimnlisa @ gci.net]

              Sent : Monday, December 10, 2007 8:35 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin      ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject : RE: Public - Safety




              To Governor Palin's Office,



              RE:    Followup to message below.



              As of this Monday morning I would like to update you on the response, and

              lack of, that we have had regarding the incident described below. My wife

              informed me that she left messages with people at the Anchorage ADF&G office

              for Rick Sinnot at least twice , and for a Mr . Sledge, the Fort Richardson

              ADF&G representative , also at least twice .         She was successful in getting a

              Mr. Lamm on Fort Richardson to at least look at the kill area .             So finally

              someone has had the initiative to do that before everything is covered in

              snow or melted down, and we appreciate that. He thought there were multiple

              animals involved .    We have also posted a sign at the Artillary Gate to warn

             people .    We have not had any response yet from contacting Channel 2 News or

             the Anchorage Daily News .        Today I will contact the local newspaper, the

             Eagle River Star.



             To clarify our concerns:



             1)     Notify the area people so further incidents with dogs OR people can be

             avoided.

             2)     If this is not an isolated incident, why the public has not been

             informed.

             3)     Why doesn 't ADF& G at least have the courtesy of a return phone call on a

             matter that concerns public safety?




             It is unfortunate that if there is any public notification , it will have

             taken nearly a week .     We hope there has not been additional incidents in
                                                                  2




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0008480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             this time.    With no change in weather patterns and no preventative measures,

             these animals will get hungry again and repeat their actions. Will their

             next trip be to someones backyard or one of several churches, all within a

             mile?



             We do appreciate your quick reply.



             Thank you.



             The Huberts



             -----Original Message----

             From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [mailto:governor@alaska.gov]

             Sent: Friday, December 07, 2007 1:35 PM

             To: kimnlisa@gci.net

             Subject: RE: Public-Safety




             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,

             opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

             the Governor.    Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

             herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

             appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

             suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, December 06, 2007 9:41 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            iSubject: Public_Safety




             Web mail from: Mr. Kim Hubert

             address: 17636 Teklanika Drive Eagle River AK 99577

                                                            3




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0008481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               907-223-6867



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Ms. Palin,

             Tragedy struck our family this past Wednesday evening as what appears to

             be a large wolf took our pet dog from Artillary Road near Eagle River on

             Fort Richardson .       The next morning we tracked the animal ( s) and found

             a few remains about a mile from the core of Eagle River .         This attack

             was about 30 feet from my wife.



             We really wanted our loss to become others warning as to this danger

             that is so close. Several calls were made to the Anchorage and Fort

             Richardson ADFG offices in the early morning and again in the afternoon,

             but as of Thursday evening none of them have been returned. The

             overriding concern is the question of how important is the public safety

             to these people ?    One of the clerks responded that wolf attacks on dogs

             are fairly common!     I don't recall any in the Municipality of Anchorage

             in the past 10 years, so are there facts regarding other attacks in the

             MOA that are not being given to the public ?         There are many children and

             other dogs in our community that are the same size as our 36 pound dog.




             We ask you to have someone check with ADFG to see if this incident is

             " common" around the MOA, and why no one has responded to our messages.

             The public deserves to know the frequency and location of these types of

             incidents so they can avoid them.      This should have been actively

             investigated to determine the type,     number, and health of the attacking

             animal before precious evidence is lost.



             Thank you for the opportunity to address my concerns.         I hope and pray

             for the safety of our people, and their pets.



             Respectfully , Kim Hubert



             kimnlisa @ gci.net
                                                              4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




              No virus found in this incoming message.

              Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version : 7.5.503 / Virus Database : 269.16 . 13/1164 - Release Date: 12/2/2007

              11:30 AM




                                                            5




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0008483
