Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 12, 2007 1:37 PM
               To:                     sheffem@jobready-ak.com
               Subject:                RE: Budget


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.



               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 12, 2007 9:51 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Budget




               Web mail from: Ms. Sandra Heffern

               address: 600 Barrow St., Suite 404 Anchorage AK 99501

                9072583498




              MESSAGE:

              December 12, 2007




              Governor Sarah Palin

              State of Alaska

              P.O. Box 110001

              Juneau, AK.    99811




              Governor Palin,


       i
              On behalf of the Personal Care Attendant Provider's Association, Alaska Association on
              Developmental Disabilities, Assisted Living Association of Alaska and AgeNet we wanted to
              take this opportunity to thank you for inserting a placeholder in your FY2009 proposed
              budget for a Comprehensive Rate Increase Across All Programs within the Department of
              Health and Social Services budget.  Our four associations represent over 1100 service
              providers statewide who provide much needed home and community-based services for over
              7000 Alaskan children and adults who experience physical and/or developmental disabilities
              and seniors.


                                                                   i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              As you are aware , some of our programs have been operating under a rate " freeze " for close
              to a decade. We are pleased and relieved to see that our plight has been recognized by
              your administration.   It is difficult, at best, to provide the high quality of care our
              Alaskan seniors and people with disabilities deserve when reimbursement rates have not
              kept pace with increased costs of doing business.



              We want to express our gratitude and continued support for your administration as we move
              towards the next legislative year. We applaud your efforts to maintain sustainable growth
              in the proposed operating budget while recognizing the critical need to support core
              services such as home and community-based services.



              Sincerely,



              Sandra J. Heffern

              PCA Provider' s Association




              Gwen Lee

              Alaska Association on Developmental Disabilities



              Amy Oney

              Assisted Living Association of Alaska



              Marianne Mills

              AgeNet




              cc. Karleen Jackson, Commissioner, Health and Social Services

              Rod Moline ,   Director,   Senior and Disability Services




              sheffern@jobready-ak.com




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSPOI_0008495
