Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                  From :     Perez, Linda J (GOV) j/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LJPEREZ]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, December 12, 2007 4:06 PM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Cc:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: Evaluation for Michael Tibbles

                Hello Governor,

                I understand you may have already received this performance evaluation form for Mike Tibbles . Mike has
                completed a year of service as the Chief of Staff and is due for a performance evaluation and merit increase
                consideration . If I may suggest, Mike Nizich could assist ybu by preparing a draft evaluation for your review.
                Please let me know if you'd like any additional information.

                Thank you,
                Linda P.


                From : Spickler, Sandy (GOV)
                Sent: Wednesday, December 12, 2007 3:59 PM
                To: Perez, Linda J (GOV)
                Subject: Evaluation for Michael Tibbles

                Attached is an evaluation form for Mike Tibbles. He is due a merit increase at
                this time. Mike is currently at the override rate at range 29. The period covered
                in the evaluation is from 12/04/06 to 12/15/07. He was appointed to the position
                on 12/04/07 after working as a temporary employee in the capacity of Transition
                Assistant.


                AS A REMINDER, EVALUATIONS ARE CONFIDENTIAL DOCUMENTS. EVALUATION NARRATIVE SHOULD
                NOT BE SAVED TO A NETWORK DRIVE. PLEASE PUT ANY PERSONNEL RELATED DOCUMENTS ON
                YOUR HARD DRIVE.

                Thank you.




                8/27/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008511
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                Page 2 of 2




                 Sandy Spickler
                 Office of the Governor
                 State ofAlaska
                 Phone: 907-465-8484
                 Fax 907-465-1641
                 sand spickleza.alaska.gov




                8/27/2009



                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0008512
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.                                    Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                    From :     Glen Biegel [gbiegel@ak.net]
                   Sent:       Thursday, December 13, 2007 9:41 PM
                   To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); fek9wnr@yahoo.com
                   Cc:         ftb907@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin;
                               Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                   Subject: Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.
                   Governor,

                   Thanks for the answer. I appreciate the administrations inability to share information with the public.

                   I am interested in hearing about legislative priorities you may have . I wish you well . I will do my best for
                   you all according to my principles.

                   God Bless you all. Good Luck with everything, and I hope you will call on me if there is something I can
                   help you with in the future.

                   Glen
                   ---- Original Message --
                   From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                   To: obiegelCcUak.net ; fek9wnr(cavahoo.com
                   Cc: ftb907t yahoo.com ; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) ; Anders, Bruce F (DNR) ; Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) ;
                   Irwin, Tom E (DNR) ; Rutherford. Marty K (DNR) ; Tibbles. Michael A (GOV) ; Leighow. Sharon W (GOV)
                   Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2007 9:12 PM
                   Subject: Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.

                   Does he not understand that CP's "proposal" doesn't meet the state's "must haves"... they admit it's far outside the
                   law (AGIA) and even CP has admitted locking up tax rates for 30 yrs (!) as Glen suggests is unacceptable to the
                   legislature, the Alaskan public, this administration, and the Constitution. THEY don't even ask for a 30 year lock-up.
                   He said that "the campaign" didn't have a problem with that fiscal certainty? Huh? And that he was the gasline
                   consultant to the campaign? Huh? Tell that to the Magnificant 7 who publicly explained the folly of Murkowski's
                   plan, and my willingness to embrace their advice and consultation.

                   Surely he knows we would not divulge any AGIA info to him that we wouldn't share with the public at the
                   appropriate time... despite the megaphone he has with his radio show and his frequent visits with Dan Fagan on
                   Fagan's show.

                   ----- Original Message
                   From: Glen Biegel <sbieeel(a)ak.net>
                   To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>
                   Cc: Todd Palin <fek9wnr(iyahoo.com>; frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>
                   Sent: Thu Dec 13 18:17:51 2007
                   Subject: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.

                   Governor,

                   During the campaign, I counseled on the failures of the Murkowski Admins negotiations . These objections (and
                   many other items) were highlighted in AGIA. I have a series of questions on the path forward regarding AGIA.
                   While I need some answers to these questions , I am hoping that I can get your view on at least one critical question
                   about locking in tax rates for Gas only . If Conoco accepts the other points in AGIA, would you sign a Republican
                   Tax bill that locks in rates for everyone who pledges to participate in the open season (in 2008 even). Just off the
                   top of the head, I am thinking about 30 years , use your original ACES numbers for tax rates on Gas.

                   This is very important to me since the campaign was not opposed to a reasonable lockin of tax rates as long as the
                   must haves were met. Conoco' s proposal appears to meet them while guaranteeing a pipeline . Does that
                   Administration agree that lockin of tax rates is acceptable under these conditions?




                   11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0008513
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.                                    Page 2 of 2



                   I am not looking to undermine AGIA. I am interested in making sure that I understand the goals of the administration on this
                   critical point.

                   To the reader of this email. I have had a personal relationship with the Governor in the past. I was a primary contributor to
                   the plan for the Gasline during the campaign. In addition to that, I need to make sure that legislative and media options
                   match the intentions of the administration. Hopefully it will be OK for me to call the Governor personally if I can't get an
                   answer via email.

                   At your convenience.

                   Thanks
                   Glen Biegel

                   360-2674




                   11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008514
