Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARN ELL 1 ]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 12, 2007 1:14 PM
               To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject:                Kotz


               I spoke with Martha Whiting, Mayor of NW Arctic Borough and expressed our condolences on
               the lost life due to the fire. (She and I traveled to Kivalina, Noatak, and around
               Kotzebue together earlier this Fall.) She was very grateful.



               The mayor said she was home sick with a cold this week and saw a number of our press
               conferences (including reruns from last week). She commented on how real and approachable
               you are and she also commented. that it was nice to see the governor and LG working
               together again after not seeing that during Murkowski/Leman years (specifically
               referencing seeing us together when you made the budget announcements).



              Finally, she said the last time she was together with you she was "naive" about how to
              fruitfully use the brief time to talk about important topics. They will pitch AIDEA in Feb
              on a proposal for the NW Arctic Borough to take over the road from Red Dog fr the state
              and she wants to be able to brief you on that from her perspective as mayor. I told her
              she should call Janice and ask for the second week of session rather than the first. Just
              wanted You to know that she will call and t   to set this u      ileged or Personal Material R
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               Sean




              PS I also spoke some with her about some ideas related to Kivalina evacuation route and
              relocation issues.




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008497
