  Unknown

  From :    Ivy Frye [ivyfrye@yahoo.com]
  Sent:     Thursday, April 03, 2008 1:57 PM
  To:       Kris Perry; ExternalEmailgsp; Todd Palin; Frank Bailey
  Cc:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
  Subject : Re: op-ed
  Just got the heads up that Meyer ran into Mike in the hallway. Just so we're all on the same
  page, my conversation with Kevin was positive. Tibbles doesn't need to be concerned.

  Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com> wrote:

   You guys all have good eyes--you all noticed the same mistake. Thanks for taking a
   look!

   Here's the latest. I went over and touched base w/ the gov re: this op-ed. On my way out
   I ran into Kevin Meyer and took the opportunity to let him know he woule be mentioned
   in my op-ed. He told me I could remove CON b/c he's going to hear it in (H) FIN on
   Saturday! ! Also, he said he didn't see a problem with hearing studded tire and would get
   back to me.

   I'm holding on to my piece until Saturday to see if he follows through.

   Kris Perry <krisandclark@yahoo.com> wrote:

     She reduced property tax and business license fees; she didn't eliminate the sales
     tax. Thanks Ivy!

     Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yah oo. com> wrote:

        I'm ready to submit my op-ed to the Frontiersman, unless there are any
        objections?

        I know you guys don't have time to read it, so in sum it speaks to the
        benefit of biz license, studded tire, and CON repeal and Gov Palin
        looking out for Alaskans. AND calls on Stedman to stop stalling bills.
        Also, it calls on Meyer to schedule CON and studded tire. Sharon gave it
        a once over and smoothed it out.

        With the first 90-day session coming to a close in less than two
        weeks, several important pieces of legislation are being held in the
        House and Senate Finance Committees. The Senate Finance
        Committee alone has 108 bills that will likely die when session ends
        unless Finance co-chair Sen. Bert Stedman schedules them for a
        hearing this week - an unlikely scenario to say the least.

        Three bills of particular interest to Alaskans were sponsored by Gov.
        Sarah Palin. House Bill 106, repealing the studded-tire tax, and HB
        337, repealing the certificate of need (CON) program, are held up in


                                                                                          ROSTON 01850
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     House Finance; and HB 111, decreasing business license fees, has been
     sitting in Senate Finance with no hearing since May 2007. In fact, of those
     108 bills stalled in Senate Finance, more than 10 percent were sponsored by
     our governor. Alaskans would greatly benefit if the Finance co-chairmen
     would schedule these bills for a hearing, and let them out of committee to
     allow the fair and appropriate process to continue.

     When Gov. Palin served as mayor and manager of Alaska's fastest growing
     city she reduced and eventually eliminated sales tax in the City of Wasilla.
     The governor continues to find ways to reduce and eliminate burdensome
     taxes, and protect Alaskans. For years, Alaskans have been financially
     penalized for purchasing safer tires for their vehicles. Current law imposes a
     $2.50 fee per tire on the retail sale of all new tires for motor vehicles, and an
     additional $5 fee per tire on the sale and installation of large metal studs
     that fit large transporting rigs that travel Alaska's highways.

     Alaskans should not be penalized for purchasing safe winter tires for their
     vehicles. HB 106 repeals the studded-tire tax.

     The State of Alaska has charged a fee of $100 for each new business license
     since 2003. HB 111 decreases the fee to $25 to show that Alaska is open and
     ready for business. Our governor recognizes Alaska's entrepreneurs, and
     business owners should not be penalized for stimulating and encouraging
     economic growth.

     Perhaps most important, Gov. Palin's Alaska Health Care Transparency Act
     proposes to provide affordable and quality health-care services for all
     Alaskans. HB 337 does three things: 1) it establishes the Alaska Health Care
     Commission to look at health-care services from a statewide perspective via
     public and private stakeholders; 2) it creates the Alaska health care
     information office to provide Alaskans information on the quality and cost of
     health care; and 3) it repeals the CON program.

     CON is a regulatory process that requires certain health providers to obtain
     State approval before offering certain new or expanded services. Our
     current system is broken. Gov. Palin recognizes that cost and needs, not
     static bureaucracy, should drive health-care choices. By eliminating CON we
     allow competition, increase choice, and manage rising costs in health care
     services provided in Alaska. The public is behind the governor in this effort;
     legislators should listen to their constituents on this matter.

    I encourage Alaskans to contact House Finance co-chair Rep. Kevin Meyer
    and urge him to schedule hearings for the studded-tire tax repeal bill, and
    the CON repeal bill. Let your legislators know what you expect on these
    important bills.

    And I urge Alaskans to contact Sen. Bert Stedman to schedule the business

                                                                                         ROSTON 01851
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
      license fee reduction, and express your opinion to Valley Sen. Charlie
      Huggins who serves as vice-chairman of Senate Finance - let them know the
      business license fee reduction bill has sat in Senate Finance one year too
      long.

      Ivy Frye is a lifelong Alaska and Palmer resident. She currently resides in
      Juneau and works in the Department of Administration.


      You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total
      Access, No Cost.



    You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access,
    No Cost.



  'ou rock . That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No
    ost.



 (ou rock. That's why Blockbuster' s offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No Cost.




                                                                                    BOSTON 01852
 10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
