Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                    From :      Sam Bell [Bell@genocideintervention.net]
                   Sent:        Thursday, December 13, 2007 4:39 PM
                   To:          Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
                   Cc:          Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Adam Sterling; Max Croes
                   Subject: RE: Open Letter Regarding Sinopec Bid
                   Dear Marty,

                   Thank you for your correspondence last week . We will certainly provide feedback during the public
                   comment period . However, given the nature of the situation in Darfur , we would encourage the Governor
                   to consider immediate rejection of the Sinopec bid.

                   In a recent interview , Speaker Hams indicated that the Governor has the prerogative to eliminate a
                   proposal on any basis she sees fit. A recent Channel 2 (KTUU) poll found that 80% of Alaskans believe
                   that the state should reject a gas pipeline bid from a company with known ties to the Darfur genocide.

                   Finally , I wanted to let you know that last night the US Senate passed the Sudan Accountability and
                   Divestment Act, with the support of Senators Stevens and Murkowski . This legislation , which passed the
                   House of Representatives earlier this year, would prohibit certain companies operating in Sudan,
                   including Sinopec, from receiving federal contracts.

                   Again we are happy to provide further information regarding Sinopec , its operations in Sudan, or the
                   Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act.

                   Sincerely,

                   Sam


                  From : Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) [mailto :marty. rutherford@alaska.gov]
                  Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 11:54 AM
                  To: Sam Bell
                  Cc Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: RE: Open Letter Regarding Sinopec Bid

                  Dear Mr. Bell,
                  Thank you for your comments. Within-the next few weeks the state will complete its review of the Alaska
                  Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA) applications to determine if they are responsive to the law and the
                  associated Request for Proposals (RFA.) Once that review is complete we will place all applications on
                  the web and make them available for public review . All applications that are deemed responsive to the
                  law and RFA will also be available for public comment . While we appreciate receiving your input today, I
                  want to ensure that you know that the best time to make comment will be once the applications are
                  available for public comment, if they are complete.

                  In the meantime we appreciate your having taken the time to write.
                  Marty


                  From: Sam Bell [mailto:Bell@genocideintervention.net]
                  Sent: Monday, December 03, 2007 4:50 AM
                  To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)
                  Subject : Open Letter Regarding Sinopec Bid

                  Dear Mr. Rutherford,
                  My name is Sam Bell, advocacy director for the Genocide Intervention Network. Please find the attached
                  open letter sent today from our executive director, Mark Hanis , to Governor Palin.


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI 0008515
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                   We are concerned about the bid from Sinopec and the company 's connection to the Darfur conflict in Sudan,
                   which has been labeled genocide by the President and Congress . Sinopec is the largest oil field services provider
                   in Sudan and the Sudanese government relies on foreign investment , particular in the oil sector, to fund its military
                   and the conflict in Darfur.
                   Our organization orchestrates the Sudan divestment campaign which now encompasses 22 states, 58
                   universities, and 10 cities (we are working with Alaskan legislators to introduce Sudan divestment legislation in the
                   state next year). Additionally, the US Senate Banking Committee and the House of Representatives have passed
                   the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act which would prohibit certain companies operating in Sudan,
                   including Sinopec, from receiving federal government contracts.

                   Sincerely,
                   Sam Bell


                   Director of Advocacy
                   Genocide Intervention Network
                   1333 H St., NW
                   Washington , DC 20005
                   (202) 481-8220
                   www.Genocidelnterventon.net
                   "Have a Hand in Stopping Genocide"




                   11/9/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0008516
