Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    Anders , Bruce F (DNR) [bruce .anders@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, December 13, 2007 10:20 PM
              To:                      Patin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
              Cc:                      'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                                       Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject :                RE: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.


              Glen has been calling me relentlessly for weeks. "But if you just explain where you are
              coming from on such and such...." I have told him every way from Sunday that our gasline
              team confidentiality protocol is absolutely ironclad, that I am absolutely prohibited from
              revealing ANYTHING other than what we, or the governor, have released publicly. I told
              him that by even discussing "rudimentary strategy" with him "off line" as he puts it, I'd
              be compromising our process, and putting the governor at great risk of a leak.   He refuses
              to accept that. He keeps calling, asking me to brief him for his show. I haven't, and
              wouldn't, and won't.



              By the way, on Fagan last week, he did us a tremendous disservice by allowing Fagan to
              cross-examine him, admitting inside of five minutes that that if we did not negotiate with
              Conoco, we'd be in serious trouble -- the word he agreed to was "disaster" I think. The
              only disaster was Glen 's "advocacy" on the show, and I stopped listening after about seven
              minutes into his hour. It would be one thing if he were Joe Sixpack being grilled by
              Fagan , since Dan is used to bullying pro-AGIA callers.  But Glen represents himself as a
              Palin supporter/insider, etc.   Thus, when Fagan trips up Glen in a one-sided debate (Glen
              lacks both the knowledge and skill to hold his own), Fagan carries on as if he has just
              tripped up the governor, the gasline team , and our whole AGIA process.



              I think Glen's heart is in the right place, but he simply lacks the ammo to debate this
              topic.  He can pontificate all he wants, as can any member of the public -- but NOT after
              representing himself as having (now or ever) some connection to the campaign or the
              governor.  I think this is the same trap in which he found himself in making
              representations about education policies which he implicitly attributed to the governor.



              By the way, his self -characterization as "a primary contributor to the plan for the
              Gasline during the campaign " has me totally bewildered. I had to drag him away from the
              Murk plan, which he thought could be salvaged, and I think, still believes.   He NEVER
              fully understood our LGA plan during the campaign, and as you 'll recall, governor, was
              eventually dropped from our gasline discussion group altogether.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Thu 12/13/2007 9:31 PM

              To: 'gbiegel@ak.net'; 'fek9wnroyahoo.com'

              Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S
              (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow,
              Sharon W (GOV)

              Subject: Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.



                                                                     1




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0008551
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Glen- I sent this reply with all due respect, and in confidence between you and my
               administrators who have been working hard on getting Alaska 's gasline project up and
               running. You know we can not share AGIA information until the conforming bid process is
               complete - and I' m not sure if you've read CP's proposal that they admit is outside the
               law. I trust you understand.



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

               To: 'gbiegel@ak.net' <gbiegel@ak.net>; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

               Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR);
               Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A
               (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

               Sent: Thu Dec 13 21:12:01 2007

              .Subject: Re: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.




              Does he not understand that CP's "proposal" doesn 't meet the state's "must haves"... they
              admit it's far outside the law (AGIA) and even CP has admitted locking up tax rates for 30
              yrs (!) as Glen suggests is unacceptable to the legislature, the Alaskan public, this
              administration, and the Constitution. THEY don't even ask for a 30 year lock-up. He said
              that "the campaign" didn't have a problem with that fiscal certainty? Huh? And that he was
              the gasline consultant to the campaign? Huh? Tell that to the Magnificant 7 who publicly
              explained the folly of Murkowski's plan, and my willingness to embrace their advice and
              consultation.



              Surely he knows we would not divulge any AGIA info to him that we wouldn't share with the
              public at the appropriate time... despite the megaphone he has with his radio show and his
              frequent visits with Dan Fagan on Fagan's show.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Glen Biegel <gbiegel@ak.net>

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

              Cc: Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

              Sent: Thu Dec 13 18:17:51 2007

              Subject: Questions on the interest of the Admin for a lock in of Tax rates for Gas.



              Governor,




             During the campaign , I counseled on the failures of the Murkowski Admins negotiations.
             These objections (and many other items) were highlighted in AGIA. I have a series of
             questions on the path forward regarding AGIA. While I need some answers to these
             questions, I am hoping that I can get your view on at least one critical question about
             locking in tax rates for Gas only. If Conoco accepts the other points in AGIA, would you
             sign a Republican Tax bill that locks in rates for everyone who pledges to participate in
             the open season (in 2008 even). Just off the top of the head, I am thinking about 30
             years, use your original ACES numbers for tax rates on Gas.
                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0008552
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               This is very important to me since the campaign was not opposed to a reasonable lockin of
               tax rates as long as the must haves were met . Conoco ' s proposal appears to meet them
               while guaranteeing a pipeline . Does that Administration agree that lockin of tax rates is
               acceptable under these conditions?



               I am not looking to undermine AGIA . I am interested in making sure that I understand the
               goals of the administration on this critical point.



               To the reader of this email .  I have had a personal relationship with the Governor in the
               past . I was a primary contributor to the plan for the Gasline during the campaign. In
               addition to that , I need to make sure that legislative and media options match the
               intentions of the administration .  Hopefully it will be OK for me to call the Governor
               personally if I can't get an answer via email.



               At your convenience.



               Thanks

               Glen Siegel



               360-2674




                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008553
