Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Friday, December 14, 2007 7:13 PM
              To:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
              Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Persily; Larry A (GOV); Katz; John W (GOV)
              Subject :               Re: Draft Letter to U.S. Senate Finance Committee from 5 Governors


              Sounds good. Sounds like our delegation must agree, so pls sign my name. Thank you.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 14 Dec 2007 14:48:10

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Cc:"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,"Persily, Larry A (GOV)"
              <lpersilyealaskadc.org>,"Katz, John W (GOV)" <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

              Subject: Draft Letter to U.S. Senate Finance Committee from 5 Governors




              Governor :




              The DC Office has advised that when the Senate passed HR 3997 last

              month, it stripped out some language several states (including Alaska)

              supported related to veterans mortgage bonds.




              Specific to Alaska, language was stripped out that would have raised the

              federal cap on the amount of tax exempt veterans mortgage bonds that

              could be issued by the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation. AHFC's

              veterans mortgage program is in danger of running out of funds for

              lending if Congress does not increase the cap.



              Several other states are in a similar position or have other language

              changes they want Congress to pass into law. The House Ways and Means

              Committee is planning to try and force the Senate to consider the bill

              again with the provisions back in it.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0008572
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              These states have drafted a letter to the Chair and Ranking Minority

              Member of the Senate Finance Committee and are asking Governors from

              several states to sign the letter this Monday. With your approval, I

              will work with Larry Persily to get your signature electronically put

              into the letter so it can be delivered to the Senators this coming

              Monday.




              Thanks.



              Randy




                                                            2
