Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Monday, December 17, 2007 7:40 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: ECS Announces Two New Databases : High School Accountability and Virtual High Schools




                 From: Education Commission of the States [mailto:ecs@ecs.org]
                 Sent: Friday, December 14, 2007 11:26 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: ECS Announces Two New Databases: High School Accountability and Virtual High Schools




                                                                 Education Commission
                                                                 of the States


                             ECS Announces Two New Databases : High School
                                 Accountability and Virtual High Schools
                         The Education Commission of the States High School Policy Center has just released two
                         new 50-state databases. The first database outlines High School Accountability , allowing
                         users to compare indicators across the states based on both federal and state criteria. It
                         provides information on:

                              Measures of accountability
                              Measures to be included in public reports to parents and other community members
                              Sanctions that might be faced by low - performing schools
                              Types of rewards that exist for high-performing schools and staff, both monetary and
                                non-monetary
                              Why certain state policy components matter.

                         This database can be found at www.ecs.org / hsdb-hsa.

                         The second database on Virtual High Schools allows users to compare across the 50 states
                         in four categories:


                              Student curriculum and access
                              Teacher preparation and professional development
                              Funding ( whether virtual programs are state -funded or by federal or foundation
                                support)
                              Program evaluation and accountability.

                         The Virtual High Schools database explains why each data point matters. It can be found at
                         www.ecs . org/hsdb-vhs.

                         For additional information, please reach out to Jennifer Dounay at (303-299-3689) or
                         jdounay@ecs.org.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0008609
