Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, December 17, 2007 8:08 AM
              To:                     huebscher@ acsalaska.net
              Subject:                RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2007 7:38 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




              Web mail from: Ms. Cornelia Huebscher

              address: 232 Lance Drive, Apt. B Sitka AK 99835

               907-747-6248




              MESSAGE:

              This is totally outrageous. Having been in the Military most of my Adult life,- less and
              less I am starting to respect the establishment, in regards to Mental Health Care, and
              overall procedure on how the Military takes care of its soldiers, especially during and
              post deployment.  To me, this is very sad.

              It is especially sad, that this should not have occurred in the first place, if ALL would

             What ever happened to the Suicide Prevention Program that the Army has? Apparently it is
             not working.  2 minuted lecture to ALL soldiers is NOT enough. What ever happened to the
             Buddy System, Team Work and such?

              &#65279;   065279; &#65279; &#65279;

             NAMI   Veterans Council




             Cornelia G. Huebscher

             Veteran/ U.S. Army

             NAMI AK Liaison to NVC

             Chair/ NAMI Vets Alaska


                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Chair/ Women Vets Subcommittee to NVC

              Alternate Coordinator VISN 20




              Here are a couple of links with some of her articles . One is a video

               Presentation with the Washington Post




              http:// www.washingtonpost . com/wp-srv /photo/gallery/071130/GAL-07Nov30-

              95823 /index.HTML




              Here are several articles on one page:




              http://www.wikio.com/world/ crisis and conflicts/iraq_war/elizabeth_whi

              Teside




              Suicide Attempt Prompts Court - Martial

              The Washington Post I December 03, 2007

              WASHINGTON - At Walter Reed Army Medical Center ,       1st Lt .   Elizabeth

              White - side listened last week as an Army prosecutor outlined the

              Criminal case against her. The charges :     attempting suicide and

              Endangering the life of another soldier while serving in Iraq.

              Her hands trembled as Maj . Stefan Wolfe, the prosecutor , argued that
       1
              Whiteside , now a psychiatric outpatient at Walter Reed , should be

              Court - martialed . After seven years of exemplary service , the 25- year-

              Old Army reservist faces the possibility of life in prison if she is

              Tried and convicted.



              Military psychiatrists at Walter Reed who examined Whiteside after

              She recovered from a self - inflicted gun wound in the stomach

              Diagnosed her with a severe mental disorder , possibly triggered by

              The stresses of a war zone . But Whiteside's superiors considered her

              Mental illness " an excuse " for criminal conduct , according to

             Documents obtained by The Washington Post.



             At the hearing ,   Wolfe ,   who already had warned Whiteside's lawyer of
                                                                2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The risk of using a "psychobabble" defense , pressed a senior

               Psychiatrist at Walter Reed to justify his diagnosis.



               "I'm not here to play legal games ," Col. George Brandt said angrily,

              According to a recording of the hearing. "I am here out of the

              Genuine concern for a human being that's breaking and that is broken.

              She has a severe and significant illness. Let's treat her as a human

              Being."



              In recent months , prodded by outrage over poor conditions at Walter

              Reed , the Army has made a highly publicized effort to improve

              Treatment of Iraq veterans and change a culture that stigmatizes

              Mental illness.



              But outside the Pentagon , the military still often deals with mental

              Health issues by relying on the judgment of combat - hardened

              Commanders whose understanding of mental illness is vague or

              Misinformed . The stigma around psychological wounds still can be seen

              In the ' smallest of Army policies . While family members of Soldiers

              Recovering at Walter Reed from physical injuries are provided free

              Lodging and a per diem to care for their loved ones , families of

              Psychiatric outpatients usually have to pay their own way.



              "It's a disgrace ," said Tom Whiteside , a former marine and retired

              Federal law enforcement officer who lost his free housing after his

              Daughter ' s' physical wounds had healed enough that she could be moved

              To the psychiatric ward . A charity organization , the Yellow Ribbon

              Fund , provides him with an apartment near Walter Reed so he can be

              Near his daughter.



              Under military law, Soldiers who attempt suicide can be prosecuted

             Under the theory that it affects the order and discipline of a unit

             And brings discredit to the armed forces . In reality , criminal

                                                            3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Charges are extremely rare unless there is evidence the attempt was

              An effort to avoid service or endangered others.



              Elizabeth Whiteside almost accepted the Army's offer to resign in

              Lieu of court-martial. But it meant she would have to explain for the

              Rest of her life why she was not given an honorable discharge. Her

              Attorney also believed she would have been left without the medical

              Care and benefits. No decision has yet been made on whether

              Whiteside's case will proceed to court-martial.



              NAMI StigmaBuster Alert: December 12, 2007




              Fighting Stigma in the Military

              The federal Resource Center to Address Discrimination & Stigma Associated With Mental
              Illness (ADS Center) will sponsor a free teleconference training on Reducing Stigma for
              American Soldiers on Thursday, December 20, 2007 from 2:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.(ET).




              huebscher@acsalaska.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                            4




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008643
