Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, December 17, 2007 9:13 AM
              To:                      donna@ak.net
              Subject :                RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Friday, December 14, 2007 5:00 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Budget




              Web mail from: Ms. Donna Jones

              address: 1524 Ismailov St. Kodiak AK 99615

               907-539-6999




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Sarah Palin,

              Please consider funding the Alaska Association of Conservation Districts. They administer
              the funding to 12 Districts throughout Alaska to partner with other entities to help
              assist alaskans to conserve, maintain, develop and improve our natural resources and
              environment. we also play an important role in educating our youth through programs such
              as the FFA. We have an administrative system in full place and a long track record of
              successful projects that we would love to share with you. We have submitted a request to
              you for 2.5 million dollars to fund this next fiscal year. Your funding last year of
              $750,000 was greatly appreciated and was utilized to continue our work assisting with
              projects all for the betterment of our state. I would love to meet with you to share our
              sucpesses from this last year, so you can see first hand what a great benefit and
              investment we are for our communities and our state.

              Please consider my request. Thank you,
       1
              Donna Jones

              District Manager

              Kodiak Soil & Water Conservation District




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008637
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              donna@ak.net

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008638
