Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, December 17, 2007 9:36 AM
             To:                      rkmooseberrymeadows@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Sunday, December 16, 2007 12:21 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget




             Web mail from: Ms. Karen Sickles

             address: P.O. Box 1171 Chickaloon AK 99674

               907-355-4793




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin: Just a quick comment, my husband and I approve of most of your budget
             adjustments for the coming windfall of monies because of higher oil taxes. One concern we
             have is the increased spending for schools. We believe the Anchorage School District does
             not make use of the huge amount of monies they already recieve from the State now. They
             are bloated by administration and paper pushers. We believe in education but we feel some
             auditing is in order to see where the monies really are going. We feel a consultant
             company from outside who is not prejudice by being a resident of Alaska would be good.
             Someone like McKinsey consultant firm who is auditing the school system of Israel and our
             dealings with monies spent on hurricane Katrina. If big countries are concerned with how
             their money is spent and are lookin for outside imput so should we. Thanks for taking the
             time to listen, we think you are a great Governor. Respectively Douglas and Karen Sickles




             rkmooseberrymeadows@yahoo.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008632
