Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                   Perez, Linda J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LJPEREZ]
             Sent:                   Monday, December 17, 2007 9:54 AM
             To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                RE: Email


             Governor,



             I did receive both emails and responded to each. I've copied the information below. I'm
             sorry that you did not receive either email. Both went as "reply" emails to you. Please
             let me know if you receive this email. If I don't hear from you today, I'll send this
             information to Kris Perry to print off for you.



             Linda



             Governor,




             I'm not sure if you received this reply yesterday -- I'm forwarding this to your yahoo
             account as its unclear to me if you received it as a "reply" to your email.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Perez , Linda J (GOV)

             Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2007 8:25 AM

             To: ExternalEmailgsp

             Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

             Subject: RE: Evaluation for Michael Tibbles



             Good Morning Governor,




             Typically you only do your chief of staff and scheduler/secretary. The other senior staff
             evaluations are done by the chief or deputy chief of staff. It is common practice that on
             each yearly anniversary the appointed exempts also receive an evaluation and merit
             increase if. the evaluator feels its earned... the merit increase is usually 3.5%. This is
             a fairly consistent practice throughout state government.



             In the past, senior staff always received merit increases so I do budget increases for all
             staff annually.



                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008654
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Monday, December 17, 2007 9:43 AM

             To: Perez, Linda J (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

             Subject: Email



             Did you recive emails I sent last wk, following up w questions on evaluations?            I resent
             on Dec 12.




                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008655
