Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N=RP R UARO]
             Sent:                   Monday, December 17, 2007 3:03 PM
             To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Scanned PDF / Governor's Draft Letter to Fed. Highways


             Governor:



             DOT's Highway Safety Office has drafted a letter for your signature. Janice said you had
             a few questions about it, so I did some research.



             In 1990 Congress was considering a law requiring states to enact legislation revoking or
             suspending the driver's license of any person convicted of a drug offense. The
             legislation passed by the states would have to revoke or suspend the person's license even
             though the drug offense did not involve driving a car or motor vehicle. Congress attached
             financial penalties to Federal Highway funds for states that failed to comply.



             Many states were upset with the federal mandate and penalties. States pressured Congress
             for an exception.  Finally, an exception was put into the bill. The exception applies if
             a states' legislature passed a resolution opposing the federal law and the Governor
             submits (annually) a letter stating opposition to the federal law.



             In Alaska, the legislature passed HCR 10 in 1993. HCR 10 expressed opposition to the
             federal law and was intended to preserve the State's right to decide which laws are most
             effective to battle illegal drug use.



             For the current fiscal year, the total possible federal sanction would be to withhold
             $21.3 million in National Highway and State Transportation construction funds.



             There is one statement in the draft letter from DOT that is a bit confusing. DOT is
             checking the language in the draft against the letter that was sent in last year. I
             should have a new draft for you to review tomorrow.



             Thanks,



             Randy




             -----Original Message-----

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008652
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From : imagistics6530    [mailto:imagistics6530 @ gov.state . ak.us]

             Sent : Monday, December 17, 2007 2:35 PM

             To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

             Subject : Scanned PDF



             Scanned from IM653OExec

             Public Scan

             Scan to PDF

             Date:2007/12/17

             Pages:2

             Resolution:200




             This document scanned to PDF at

             Juneau Exec Imagistics.




                                                               2
