Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, December 18, 2007 8:25 AM
              To:                     carmouchel @acsalaska.net
              Subject:                RE: Boards-and-Commissions


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, December 17, 2007 3:03 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Boards-and-Commissions




             Web mail from: Mr. Greg Carmouche

             address :   172 Foran Circle Fairbanks AK 99701




             MESSAGE:

             Why are Non Residence of Alaska allowed to submit changes to Alaska hunting and fishing
             regulations. Non resident guides submit changes that benefit themselves and does harm to
             Alaskan hunters.  A change to the sheep hunting regulation has been submitted to limit the
             taking of 1 sheep every 4 years. This benefits guides because their hunters do this hunt
             once in a lifetime, whereas some Alaskans live for sheep hunting. Some have even
             suggested that the state go draw for all big game. I would like to know what can be done
             about the changes being submitted, is there something I and others "hunters" can do about
             this.



             Thank You



             carmouchel@acsalaska.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008663
