Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1




                  Unknown

                   From:      John Katz [jwkatz@>ALASKADC.org]
                   Sent:      Tuesday, December 18, 2007 4:01 AM
                   To:        Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                   Cc:        Karen Rehfeld; Joseph Balash; Kris Perry; Mike Nizich
                   Subject: Anti Alaska Riders


                  I am pleased to report that none of the anti-Alaska policy riders described below and
                  in my memorandum of October 9th has apparently. been included in the omnibus
                  appropriations bill currently under consideration by Congress.

                  I would like to say that the absence of these riders is due to the efforts of your DC
                  office. Hopefully, our advocacy was a factor. However, full disclosure compels me to
                  say that the biggest factors were the anti-rider stance of the Bush
                  administration and the procedural situation in Congress which made it difficult to
                  include riders in the omnibus bill.

                  The riders (or threats of riders) would have -

                      Required that Alaska return federal highway funds for the Gravina Island and
                       Knik Arm Bridges
                      Restricted-oil and gas leasing in NPR-A and North Aleutian Basin
                      Prohibited the use of federal funds to build new roads in the roadless areas of
                       the Tongass National Forest, thereby sharply restricting timber harvest.
                      Restricted Alaska's wolf management program
                      Limited claims of access under RS2477
                      Prohibited the importation of polar bear parts from Canada, thereby
                       jeopardizing polar bear management in Northern Canada.

                  Other anti-Alaska initiatives, such as additional wilderness in the Tongass and the
                  Coastal Plain of ANWR, never came up in the appropriations process. However, with
                  a new President and Congress, we can expect these to reemerge in the future.

                  P.S.
                  In a later spreadsheet, we will report on the fate of the State's various appropriations
                  requests and also other funding for Alaska.


                 Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                 jwkatzaalaskadc.org. Thank you .




                  8/31/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0008699
