Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:47 PM
              To:                     'revans@fs. fed. us'
              Subject :               RE: Transportation


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMaildgov.state.ak.usj

              Sent: Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:24 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Transportation




              Web mail from: Mr. Ross Evans

              address :   2116 Halibut Point Road #4 Sitka AK 99835




              MESSAGE:

              I have read the upcoming budget you have proposed. I do agree with you that slowing
              governmental growth is important. I believe in less government overall. That being said,
              there is an area of state government that if neglected, as has been and will be,- based on
              your proposed budget, causes damage to citizens and-visitors alike. The AMHA is vital to
              many communities, especially in the southeast. The service has suffered alot of very
              publicly announced losses lately, and the proposed budget does nothing to recoup those
              losses and provide for current and future operations. The combination of the aging fleet,
              the unexpected operational problems with the fast ferries, the high cost of fuel. . .all
              have damaged the ability of the AMHS to provide even basic transportation services. These
              are not my opinion, these are facts agreed upon by all. My question is, knowing how poorly
              the service is doing presently, why is the proposed budget not being developed to fix the
              existing problems, support

             current operations, and provide for the already publicized major expenditures required to
             provide the service in the future? I am a disabled veteran, and the ferry is my only means
             of transportation to shop in Juneau. Since I live on a fixed income, I must shop very
             carefully and within a strict budget. So shopping in Juneau, making bulk purchases, is the
             only way I can afford many of my daily use items. I cannot take these items on Alaska
             Airlines, so the ferry is my only other available option. Since service cuts have already
             decimated Sitka to Juneau (or Sitka to anywhere, for that matter) service, how can I
             expect to stay in Sitka and survive? Tourists will not be able to visit as much, I cannot
             make it to medical appts, I cannot visit anyone, vehicles cannot be transported to
             Sitka,... the list goes on and on. Why is a basic service to Alaskans being allowed to be
             discontinued like this? Please, begging is not pretty, but sometimes necessary. Cutting
             basic services, while banking

               record budget surpluses sickens me. Plea!
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008726
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              se don 't do it anymore. Please help. Thank you.



              revans@fs . fed.us

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0008727
