Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 19, 2007 7:45 AM
              To:                     elliott_edenmarie@asdkl2.org
              Subject :               RE: General-Administration


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, December 18, 2007 6:19 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: General-Administration



             Web mail from: Ms. Eden Elliott-Hernandez

             address: 11229 Mausel St Eagle River AX 99577

               907 350-5617




             MESSAGE:

             Just a quick note to commend you on a job well done! You are straightforward, proactive,
             and committed to high levels of excellence. As a Christian, a woman, and as a teacher I
             am continuously astounded at the positive dialogue and involvement your governorship has
             provided. Your leadership has proved to be a segue to both hope and increased levels of
             trust in our government. Your administration reflects the true meaning of democracy; we
             are fortunate.tohave.you as our Governor.



             Merry Christmas , and may God continue to bless you and your difficult decisions in the
             future.




             Eden Elliott-Hernandez

             Mountain View Elementary




             elliott_edenmarie@asdkl2.org

             PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008722
