Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:47 PM
              To:                     kobukvalleyconsulting@yahoo.com
              Subject:                RE: Economic-Development


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:03 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Economic-Development




              Web mail from: Ms. Jeanne Gerhardt-Cyrus

              address: PO Box 15 Kiana AK 99749-0015

               907-475-2297




              MESSAGE:

              Jeanne Gerhardt-Cyrus

              PO Box 15

              Kiana, AK 99749-0015




             December 19, 2007




             The Honorable Sarah Palin

             Governor of Alaska

             PO Box 110001

             Juneau, AX 99811-0001




             Dear Governor Palin:
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPOI_0008734
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              You asked for input , and you listened to what we said .        You have made a

              big difference in many peoples lives by doing so.



              Thank you for your support for the Alaska Housing Trust. Including $10

              million for the Housing Trust in your State capital budget is an important

              step towards ensuring homes for all Alaskans , especially low-income

              families , those who experience mental illness , addictions , and other

              disabilities.



              For people who are struggling with mental illness or an addiction, safe,

              affordable ,    stable housing is the first step in recovery .     As well as a

              stable home ,    the Alaska Housing Trust will provide a variety of supportive

              services that will help people with disabilities maintain the stability

              they need to keep their housing .     The result will be greater community

              stability and cost savings to the state in public safety , corrections and

              other public funding it would otherwise use.



             Thank you again for supporting the Alaska Housing Trust .          This investment

             will result in stable families , seniors and people with disabilities

              living in independence and dignity , stronger cities , towns and

             neighborhoods , and healthier more productive Alaskans.




             Sincerely,




             Jeanne Gerhardt-Cyrus

             907-475-2297




             This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this

             individual .     Authentication ID: [ymdvTXF8]

                                                                2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              kobukvalleyconsulting@yahoo.com




       i
       I




                                                         3
