Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                       Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:47 PM
              To:                         s.lewis@valleyres.com
              Subject:                    RE: Economic Development


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail ogov.state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

              Sent : Wednesday ,   December 19, 2007 4:13 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin         ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject :    Economic Development




              Web mail from : Ms. Susan Lewis

              address :    PO Box 877782 Wasilla AK 99687-7782




              MESSAGE:

              Susan Lewis

              PO Box 877782

              Wasilla, AK 99687-7782




             December 19, 2007




             The Honorable Sarah Palin

             Governor of Alaska

             PO Box 110001

             Juneau ,     AK 99811-0001




             Dear Governor Palin:
                                                                      1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0008731
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Dear Governor Palin:       Thank you for your support for the Alaska Housing

              Trust .   Including $ 10 million for the Housing Trust in your State capital

              budget is an important step towards ensuring a safe home environment for

              all Alaskans , especially low-income families , those who experience mental

              illness , addictions ,    and other disabilities.



              In Alaska ,    families with children make up 45W of the homeless , and the

              average age of a homeless person in Alaska is nine years old. More and

              more families are being driven into homelessness due to inadequate income,

              lack of affordable housing or a catastrophic event such as loss of a job,

              illness , injury or the need to flee from a violent partner .         Whatever the

              reason for homelessness , a safe and affordable home will help children be

              more successful in school and promote strong families that can care for

              all their members .      I was homeless once and only through help from

              programs like this was I able to rejoin society.



              For people who are struggling with mental illness or an addiction, safe,

              affordable , stable housing is the first step in recovery .        As well as a

              stable home , the Alaska Housing Trust will provide a variety of supportive

              services that will help people with disabilities maintain the stability

              they need to keep their housing .     The result will be greater community

             stability and cost savings to the state in public safety , corrections and

             other public funding it would otherwise use.



             Sincerely,




             Susan Lewis ,    Accountant




             This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this

             individual.      Authentication ID: [RMT99TwO]

                                                                  2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              s.lewis@valleyres.com




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0008733
