Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                     Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:47 PM
              To:                       scamp@hopealaska.org
              Subject:                  RE: Economic Development


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday,      December 19, 2007 4:23 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Economic-Development




              Web mail from : Ms. Sandra Camp

              address :   540 W .   International Airport R Anchorage AK 99518-1105

               907-333-5183




              MESSAGE:

              Sandra Camp

              540 W. International Airport Rd.

              Anchorage, AK 99518-1105




              December 19, 2007




              The Honorable Sarah Palin

              Governor of Alaska

              PO Box 110001

              Juneau, AX 99811-0001




              Dear Governor Palin:
                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI_0008728
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Dear Governor Palin :     Thank you for your support for the Alaska Housing

              Trust.   Including $ 10 million for the Housing Trust in your State capital

              budget is an important step towards ensuring homes for all Alaskans,

              especially low-income families , those who experience mental illness,

              addictions , and other disabilities.



              In Alaska,    families with children make up 45% of the homeless , and the

              average age of a homeless person in Alaska is nine years old.          More and

              more families are being driven into homelessness due to inadequate income,

              lack of affordable housing or a catastrophic event such as loss of a job,

              illness , injury or the need to flee from a violent partner .       Whatever the

              reason for homelessness , a safe and affordable home will help children be

              more successful in school and promote strong families that can care for

              all their members.



              For people who are struggling with mental illness or an addiction, safe,

              affordable , stable housing is the first step in recovery .       As well as a

              stable home , the Alaska Housing Trust will provide a variety of supportive

              services that will help people with disabilities maintain the stability

              they need to keep their housing. The result will be greater community

              stability and cost savings to the state in public safety , corrections and

              other public funding it would otherwise use.



              Thank you again for supporting the Alaska Housing Trust .        This investment

              will result in stable families , seniors and people with disabilities

              living in independence and dignity , stronger cities , towns and

              neighborhoods , and healthier more productive Alaskans.



              Sincerely,




              Sandra Camp

                                                              2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              907-333-5183




              This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this

              individual.    Authentication ID: [zevzZNC6]




              scamp@hopealaska.org




                                                             3
