Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, December 19, 2007 4:45 PM
             To:                     aangel@focusoutreach.org
             Subject:                RE: Economic Development


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Wednesday, December 19, 2007 3:18 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Economic-Development




             Web mail from: Ms. Annette Angel

             address: PO Box 671750 Chugiak AK 99567-1750

               907-688-0282




             MESSAGE:

             Annette Angel

             PO Box 671750

             Chugiak, AK 99567-1750




             December 19, 2007




             The Honorable Sarah Palin

             Governor of Alaska

             PO Box 110001

             Juneau, AK 99811-0001




             Dear Governor Palin:
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0008743
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dear Governor Palin :      Thank you for your support for the Alaska Housing

             Trust.       Including $ 10 million for the Housing Trust in your State capital

             budget is an important step towards ensuring homes for all Alaskans,

             especially low-income families , those who experience mental illness,

             addictions , and other disabilities.



              In Alaska , families with children make up 45 % of the homeless , and the

             average age of a homeless person in Alaska is nine years old. More and

             more families are being driven into homelessness due to inadequate income,

              lack of affordable housing or a catastrophic event such as loss of a job,

              illness ,   injury or the need to flee from a violent partner .      Whatever the

             reason for homelessness , a safe and affordable home will help children be

             more successful in school and promote strong families that can care for

             all their members.



              For people who are struggling with mental illness or an addiction, safe,

             affordable , stable housing is the first step in recovery .        As well as a

              stable home , the Alaska Housing Trust will provide a variety of supportive

              services that will help people with disabilities maintain the stability

             they need to keep their housing .      The result will be greater community

              stability and cost savings to the state in public safety , corrections and

             other public funding it would otherwise use.



             Thank you again for supporting the Alaska Housing Trust .         This investment

             will result in stable families , seniors and people with disabilities

             living in independence and dignity , stronger cities , towns and

             neighborhoods , and healthier more productive Alaskans.



             Sincerely,




             Annette Angel

                                                               2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              907-688-0282




              This message has been verified by CapwizXC as authentic and sent by this

              individual.    Authentication ID: [45iozzj3l




              aangel@focusoutreach.org




                                                             3
