Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                    From:    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROU PICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
                   Sent:     Wednesday, December 19, 2007 2:51 PM
                   To:       gov.sarah @yahoo.com
                   Cc:        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: State Email mess

                 Here was Admin's response back to Mr. King about the email issue . I don't know if someone re-
                 forwarded this to you with your correct addy . Sorry if you've already received it.
                 F

                 From: Petro, Rachael A (DOA)
                 Sent: Tuesday, December 18, 2007 3:41 PM
                 To: Ron King; Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Moyer, Janet A (DOA); govsarah@yahoo.com; Dubey, Anand (DOA)
                 Subject: RE: State Email mess

                 Please feel free to contact me directly and privately in regard to your concerns about the new email system. My
                 direct line is 269-5795.

                 We are painfully aware of our reputation for poor customer service and are committed to working out the issues
                 with the new email system. We are implementing new processes within ETS which will enable us to provide the
                 customer service our customers deserve. This process is now in place for ALMR/SATS and is "coming soon" to
                 the remainder of the division.

                 You are correct that agency staff who worked to implement the new email system deserve kudos , and I apologize
                 for not incorporating them into the recognition event . That was a complete oversight, and certainly not intended to
                 be a slap in the face. I am sorry.

                  Please contact me directly to share your concerns in confidence - so we can begin to find solutions.

                 Sincerely,
                 Rachael Petro


                 Rachael Petro
                 Deputy Commissioner
                 Department of Administration

                 vwww state ak.usladmin Website
                 rrachael petro(cl7alaska gov Email
                 907-269-0303 Main
                 907-269-5795 Direct
                 907-269-0308 Fax



                From: Ron King [mailto:ron.king7l@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, December 18, 2007 3:27 PM
                To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Moyer, Janet A (DOA); govsarah@yahoo.com; Dubey,
                Anand (DOA)
                Subject: State Email mess




                 8/26/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008751
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                 I apologize for writing this anonymously, but there's never been a forum offered for such blunt
                 comments on the state email mess . I also fear retribution for speaking my mind. I also apologize for my
                 sarcasim, but at this point, its the only way I can deal with it.

                 I don't know who's idea it was to throw a party for ETS and give awards for the mis-implementation of
                 the new email system, but it was a HUGE slap in the face to employees in other departments who
                 devoted time and effort to try to make it work. Not to mention, it doesn't work properly! But the worst
                 part is that NOTHING is being done about the inadequacies of the new system.

                 Thanks for using technology to make it harder to do business. I thought it was supposed to be the other
                 way around.

                 But, whatever is easier for ETS, right?




                 Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.




                 8/26/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008752
