Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Thursday, December 20, 2007 12:35 PM
             To:                     Maricle; Martin D (DNR)
             Subject :               RE: Natural-Resources


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

             Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 6:33 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Natural-Resources




             Web mail from:




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                               Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
                  Sent:      Thursday, December 20, 2007 12:36 PM
                  To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update



                 From : Manhattan Institute [mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                 Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 6:00 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                  Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                                December 20, ^




                          NY's Bloated Hospitals
                          Steven Malanga , New York Post, December 20, 2007
                          Even as the '08 presidential candidates stress the need to reform health care, New York state is leadin
                          the way - backward. A year after the landmark Berger Commission report called for modest cuts in
                          New York's excess hospital capacity, the state has lost ground...


                          Beware the Witches of Grammar
                          John McWhorter, New York Sun, December 20, 2007
                          (This article also appeared on the National Review Online Web Briefing)
                          The fierceness with which people hold to the idea that there are things English speakers say that
                          contravene logic, and thus constitute lapses in intelligence, grace, and civility, is a peculiar experience
                          for a linguist... This tradition of grammatical witchhunting is founded so deeply in perceptions of
                          intelligence and social standing that no amount of argumentation, I suspect, could penetrate It
                          meaningfully...


                          The Best Disinfectant
                          Nicole Gelinas , City Journal Online, December 19, 2007
                          New York attorney general Andrew Cuomo is trying to do something revolutionary in New York State:
                          let voters know what's going on. His newly launched website, Project Sunlight, quotes James Madison-
                          "People who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge
                          gives"--before giving a guided tour of Albany and its all-too-secretive inhabitants. It's a promising
                          start, but only a start...




                          Nicole Gelinas on Fox Business Channel's "Cavuto"



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0008778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                          Page 2 of 3



                      On Wednesday, December 19, 2007, Nicole Gelinas, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute and City
                      Journal Contributing Editor, discussed the significance of the housing crisis in the ongoing Presidential
                      campaign on "Cavuto," airing nationally on Fox Business Channel.


                      Steven Malansa on PBS 's "NY Voices"
                      On Tuesday, December 18, 2007, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and City Journal senior editor
                      Steven Malanga was on PBS's "NY Voices." He discussed Wall Street and New York City's economy.
                      This show will air again on Saturday, December 22nd at 7:00 PM Er in the New York tri-state area.


                    RADIO


                      Max Schutz on Westwood One's "Lars Larson Show"
                      On Wednesday, December 19, 2007, Max Schulz, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                      Energy Policy and the Environment, critiqued the new energy bill, signed yesterday by President Bush,
                      on the nationally syndicated "Lars Larson Show."


                   WEB MAGAZINES


                      PointofLaw.com
                      More successful countersuits by flocs?
                      Posted by Walter Olson
                      Not clear at all whether there's a trend -- and the legal system is set up to make it extremely hard for
                      doctors to prevail in countersuits -- but the AMA's American Medical News notes that three Ohio
                      doctors have succeeded in getting their legal fees paid by adversaries over the past six months, along
                      with a similar such case in Mississippi...


                      Mindin TheCampus.com
                      A Surprisingly Welcome Financial Aid Shake Up
                      Posted by Anthony Paletta
                      Harvard's announcement, on December 10, that it was eliminating student loans, and otherwise
                      increasing grant support for lower and middle income students, has set off a torrent of welcome news
                      in the last nine days...


                      Medica lP rogressToday.com
                       Its the Little Things That Really Count
                       Posted by Benjamin Zycher
                       Forget about that 10 percent reduction in Medicare reimbursements for physicians, scheduled to take
                       effect January 1. Congress, reflecting the joy of the Holiday Season, is about to approve an increase of
                       - roll the drums, please - 0.5 percent. For six whole months! ...


                    Sincerely,
                    William G. Zeiser      Samara M. Klar           Bridget E. Sweeney
                    Press Officer          Press Officer            Press Officer



                                  Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                  communications(o)manhattan-institute pro, 212.599.7000


                                            Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute


                                         Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0008779
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                               Page 3 of 3



                             Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type "Unsubscribe " in the subject line.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0008780
