Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Thursday, December 20, 2007 12:29 PM
              To:                     drshorte@hotmail.com
              Subject :               RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 10:39 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Mr. james trissel

             address: p.o. box 3768 soldotna AK 99669

               (907) 283-5455




             MESSAGE:

             I would like to make a few comments to governor Palin. I have a big problem with the use
             of the money that we MAY get. I understand trying to forward fund education but just like
             everyone else in this entire world the education system needs to learn how to live within
             there means.  I understand first hand the differed maintenance problems but I believe they
             should trim the budget and eliminate waste before receiving any additional funds. Also I
             would like to see the PERS funding problem fixed. I am a city worker and the only reason
             I and many others work for the government agencies is the retirement program. The problem
             was created by the state and they should fund the program and work on making the PERS
             system stay in the black. Also I voted for you because I heard you talk allot about
             fixing the budget and having the state live within our means. So far I see us spending
             more and not saving, or paying off our debt. I want someone to start making tough choices
             so that my 2 year

              old son will not have to fix the problems we are now facing. I love Alaska and have
             since I moved here back in 90'. I want to stay here and live my entire life here. We are
             the richest state that I have ever been to and lived in and we can remain that way for
             years to come. The biggest topic that I would like for you to tackle, like you are
             working on, is getting gas back down to the Kenai. I have heard a lot of people talking
             about the gas line down to here and also I hear people talking about the lack of industry
             here to be a large user. As with anything else you have to have the supply before the
             industry will commit to work in the area. We as a state will need to make the investment
             before people are going to invest with us. Industry would like to see some investment and
             concessions before they are going to invest. If you put as much energy into the gas line
             that you did for the failing Mat-maid we would have a gas line in half the time. I would
             like to have some inform
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008786
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ation on what you would like to see happe!

              n and how you are going to accomplish the task. Again I would like to see the paying off
              of debt and saving for the future. Please contact me and let me know where I am wrong
              with the comments and what information I need to make informed choices. I also invite you
              to call me and talk to me anytime. My Cell phone number is 252-9854 .  Call me anytime and
              i will make time to talk to you. I would like to let you know i used to live in Wasilla
              and found your work there to be great.



              drshorte@hotmail.com

              PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




       I




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008787
