Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Thursday, December 20, 2007 12:27 PM
              To:                     mpierce@ptialaska.net
              Subject:                RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 11:05 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget




             Web mail from: Mr. brian pierce

             address: 505 hirst st sitka AK 99835




             MESSAGE:

             I am concerned that our planned budget for 2008 will not be a planned deficit. It is
             essential that we operate within our financial ability and do not increase but rather
             decrease our debt.  We must operate our state within our means. It is a great concern
             that our natl. governement and our state continue to carelessly spend without regard for a
             larger vision and scope for the future. it must begin NOW, first on our state level and
             in a greater degree the federal gov. COULD WE PLEASE RESOLVE OUR FINACIAL
             IRRESPONSIBLITY. 9++ TRILLION ??????




             thanks,

             blessings to you

             brian



             mpierce@ptialaska.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0008788
