Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I



                   Unknown

                   From :    Tibbies, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATI BB LES]
                   Sent:     Thursday, December 20, 2007 1:18 PM
                   To:       Sarah Palin
                   Subject: Hamel

                 Governor,

                 Chuck Hamel sent in a letter to you today via fax that was also sent to Chairman George Miller. The lengthy letter
                 basically boils down to a complaint that the PSIO and State Fire Marshall did not do a through job investigating
                 the August 6, 2007 fire at GC-1. He claims the investigation only supported BP's position and did not adequately
                 review the severity of BP's failed preventive maintenance..

                 Chuck called this morning and talked to Sunny. I guess he is sick and can not use his email. I was going to send
                 him a response today along the lines we discussed yesterday that I have been receiving his emails and briefing
                 you accordingly. Sunny did pass that along and he was please with the amount of time she spent on the phone
                 with him . He is also pleased with how responsive Katz has been.

                 I did receive an email from Benoit Faucon of the Dow Jones Newswires inquiring if we had a response to Chuck's
                 letter. I was thinking I would call Tom Irwin and let him know that we need an update on the situation. .1 also
                 thought that I would send a quick response to the reporter letting him know that we just received Chuck's fax
                 today and that the Governor's office is looking into the issue but would not be prepared to make a statement
                 today.

                 Does that sound OK with you?

                 Mike




                 8/26/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0008822
