Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Thursday, December 20, 2007 7:22 AM
             To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject :               Re: Amazing speech


             Thank you ivy!!!



             Sure hope you're feeling better. I know those yucky incidents can really whack you out for
             awhile. I'm so sorry that happened to you.



             When do you get up here for Christmas - and do you stay through New Year's celebrations?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy .frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 19 Dec 2007 18:21:46

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Amazing speech




             I just have to see you gave a heart warming speech to our troops. Woke up from a nap just
             to listen this afternoon. Made me proud governor. It's especially touching because I see
             the sacrifices personally in your family. Please thank Track for selflessly choosing to
             defend all of us and our freedom.

              Merry Christmas,

              Ivy




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0008816
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Untitled Document                                                                               Page 1 of I


                  Unknown

                  From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Thursday, December 20, 2007 12:35 PM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert



                 From: Stats [mailto:stats@wiche.edu]
                 Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 6:17 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: WICHE Stat Alert




                 S tat Alert - Decembe r 20,
                 2007
                 WICHE has released a new Policy Insight
                 (http://www.wiche.edu/policy/PolicylnsiOts/TF07-08.pdf) that examines tuition and
                 fees charges in public higher education institutions in the West for the 2007-08
                 academic year.

                 The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
                 communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or
                 unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name,
                 tide, and organization to Jeanette Porter at iporter(@wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists
                 are used only to support WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant
                 issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource. WICHE maintains a
                 Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at httQ//wiche.edu/aolicy/Clearinhouse, which
                 includes past Policy Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy
                 briefs.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0008817
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                   From:         Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [ governor©alaskagov]
                   Sent          Thursday, December 20, 2007 3:55 PM
                   To:      SOA All employees
                   Subject Putting Alaska First - December 2007




                   If this newdener does not displ
                                             -        Doonocory. you can view d onkne here
                    td




                               Items of Interest
                                                                                                              X Merry Christmas from Governor So

                                                                                                            Christmas is a season for good wi
                             Peak Performance Denali Awards Coming                                          villages to our largest cities, and It
                                                             Soon]                                          so blessed to live and work in a st

                    The nomination period for the second annual Governors Peak Performance Denali           Great things are happening in Ala:
                          Awards , which recofm . outstanding employees and learns to, aocelleras in        can reflect on how tar we 've tonne
                    service to the state. will be Jan. 1·Fob. 15 Outstanding State of Alaska employees      and determination . We have so m
                   qn be normaied or flour dalegores - sV-rker recopWrm. ekceaenw n custaner
                                                        service . eocepliorul performance and leadership.
                                                                                                            of giving and fellowship, love and

                         Nmdnations can be made by any employ.. , inducing ss6+omnalion . For none          I want to thank Alaska ' s service in
                                  Infomtaaon about the nonknabon process , pease osit the webs"' at         are deeply grateful for their tours(
                                                           hnp:lldep. sale.ak l iindcx .php?id·1l20
                                                                                                            protection and may they return ho
                        Nonninaldons must be made or, the 0160.1 nomination form lot the appropriate
                             award category. Each nomination mud be submitted to the employee's             To every Alaskan, may the peace
                     departmental Dent Award representative by Feb 15. Department Denali Award              warm every home with the blessin
                                                                                representatives are:

                                                                                                            Merry Christmas and Happy Hol


                                                          FY09 Bud get Documents                             x.

                                                                        ix] Click to Download Chest         We presented a budget on Dec. I
                                                                                                            Legislature, five days before the [
                                                                                 Click to Download          Our $4. 6 billion budget, which inc
                                                     Changing the Cowa to Slow Government Growth            pro-family initiatives , is part of a fi
                                                                                                            that builds on our commitment to
                                                                        Ix Clidt to Download den            government growth, from an aver
                                                                                                            to only four percent
                                                                                    Click to Download
                                                                            FY09 General Fund Budget
                                                                                                            The plan is based on three print(
                                                                                                            future, living within our means an,
                                    .....................                                                   government spending and rempin
                                                                                                            development. Our plan focuses o
                            Flags Lowered for Secretary of the Alaska                                       core services and constitutionally
                                                       Constitutional Convention                            responsibilities.
                                                                      Judge Tom Stewart Dead at 66
                                                                                                             I announced a $7.1 billion savings
                    Governor Sarah Palen ordered state flags lowered to hsa-itee on Dec 16 or ho n or
                                                                                                             plan on Dec . 5. The savings portit
                    and memory of refined Srgalor Court Judge Thomas Stewart Judge Stewart died
                                                                        Dec 12 in Juneau . He was 86        is a key element of our fiscal plan
                                                                                                            aside, Alaska will be able to meet
                    Judge Stewart served in the territorial House of Repreasntauves and served as a         like funding schools , public safety
                     senator in the lest session of the Alaska Legislature He vas the setteiary d the       -when oil prices drop, revenues ^
                   Alaska Consti tutional Cornentlon in 1955 and 1956 Judge Stewen also served ^s
                            Superior Court Judge or Juneau broom 1966 mill his refinernent in 1111310       federal largesse that we re so use
                                                                                                            continue at the same level that Al
                   Denny World war II. he was a U S Army captain in the 10th Mounters Division slo          the past.
                                                    loops . serving in Italy and the Atedban Istsnds

                    We lost a true visionary and a wealth of Alaska knoededge ' Mid Governor Pain
                                                                                                            We are extremely blessed with a
                   'We can forever hold on to Judge Slewarrs Alaskan spoil and his guidance (or the         $4.6 billion. This gives us the opp
                         lohre k we abide by the rmnsekdion to frothed Heat.. Todd and 1 send our           than save for near farm spending
                                                   thoughts and prayers to his lewdly and loved ones'       unprecedented opportunity to say
                       Judge Stewart volumeered for Ere Juneau Wood A9abs CounnT , served on the
                                                                                                            generations.
                      board of directors for the Symphony Foundollon sod 91e Southeast klaska Land
                     Trust, and was aptiva with the Juneau Lyric Open and other arts and commwrry,
                                                                                                groups

                                                       Judge Stewart is survived by elk of has children




                                  Governor to Present State of the State



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008818
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


                                                                                                                                                                       hapilwww .gov stae.ak.uslgovbudget pto
                                                                                    Address
                    Governor Pain will present he SODS State of the State address to the citizens Of
                          Alaska at 6 p m on Tuesday , Jan 15 before a joint session of live Mesita
                       Legislalina in the House chamber m the Capitol. The Legislature will hold its
                                                             regular 2006 session Jan 15-Apr 13
                                                                                                              Commissioner Click Bishop   Commissioner Click Bishop
                                                                                                                                          Deparlnterd ofl.abor and worldmce Dewlennenr

                                                                                                                                          Q: Commissioner , please describe your personal
                                                                                                                                          background?
                   X Click to download a printable version of this Polling Notice Fiat newsletter                                         I first come to Alaska in 1959 . My father worked for Green
                                                                                                                                          Construction Company . My summers as a young person
                                                                                                                                          were spent around Alaska on construction projects from
                                                                                                                                          Ketchikan to Kotzebue and just about every town or village
                                                                                                                                          on the Alaska State Highway System . I am a third
                                                                                                                                          generation construction worker. After graduating from
                                                                                                                                          Lathrop High School in Fairbanks I went to work on the
                                                                                                                                          Trans Alaska Pipeline. I spent 16 years in the field on
                                                                                                                                          projects all over the state and I spent another 16 years
                                                                                                                                          working for the Alaska Operating Engineers Training Trust
                                                                                                                                          as coordinator and administrator.

                                                                                                       Q: What do you do for fun on your spare time?
                                                                                                       I like to hunt trap and fish , snow machine, race boats and mine for gold . I love to spend
                                                                                                       quality time with my wife, daughters and granddaughters , and my dog Raven.

                                                                                                       Q: What is your favorite movie and why?
                                                                                                       Patton . I am very patriotic. Patton thought outside the box and didn't lead from the rear My
                                                                                                       uncle served with Patton's 3rd Army and was also an honor guard at his funeral. Patton
                                                                                                       could motivate people Makes you proud to be an American.

                                                                                                       0: What was your least favorite job and /or experience?
                                                                                                       Cutting open asphalt drums with a chisel, one barrel at a time. Years ago asphalt was
                                                                                                       shipped to the bush in 55 gallon drums and you had to manually remove the top of the drum
                                                                                                       When you use up to 8 . 000 gallons a day, that 's a lot of drums - boring.

                                                                                                       Q: How have you worked with the Alaska labor community?
                                                                                                       I worked for the Alaska Operating Engineers Training Trust as the statewide coordinator and
                                                                                                       administrator for 16 years promoting and expanding apprenticeship opportunities. I also
                                                                                                       worked on bringing other training programs together in sharing resources and training
                                                                                                       together as a team where applicable . Some of the trainings that occurred were ball field.
                                                                                                       soccer field and parking lot grading and paving for non-profit organizations.

                                                                                                           What is your Involvement with the Alaska Pipeline Training program?
                                                                                                         laska Works Partnership provides a pipeline training course every fall to Alaskans wanting °
                                                                                                        c work in the oil and gas construction industry . My previous involvement with the pipeline
                                                                                                       training was as the team leader for the program My present involvement is knowledge
                                                                                                       transfer.

                                                                                                       0: After graduation , what opportunities become available for graduates?
                                                                                                       In the past more than 90 percent of graduates of each class were placed on North Slope
                                                                                                       pipeline projects in the same training year.

                                                                                                       0: Why is this program important for the development of the Alaska workforce,
                                                                                                       especially with the Natural Gas Pipeline on the horizon?
                                                                                                       It is our responsibility , everyone not just the state, this time around to step up to the plate
                                                                                                       and maximize the lessons learned from the Trans Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS)
                                                                                                       construction, and implement those lessons to training the next generation of Alaskan
                                                                                                       pipeliners.

                                                                                                       0: What would you tell a student who is worried about the future of oil and gas
                                                                                                       development in Alaska with the declining fields and world focus on alternative
                                                                                                       energies?
                                                                                                       I would tell a student today the same thing that I told our entry level class of operators in
                                                                                                       1998. Alaska is the place to be for the next 25 years in the business of oil and gas, as well
                                                                                                       as highway construction and mineral development I am the eternal optimist and never really
                                                                                                       had a bad day. Some are just better than others . Life is what you make of ft.

                                                                                                       0: How does an Interested party find additional information for enrolment?
                                                                                                       Alaska Works Partnerships. (907) 569-4711.



                                                                                                                                               Support Our Troops, at Home and Away
                                                                                                        ·.X' Vsit the USO Home Page            A great way to help our soldiers when they are away
                                                                                                                                               is to support the USO (United Service
                                                                                                                                               Organizations). They provide all the services our men
                                                                                                                                               and women in uniform need beyond the battlefield.
                                                                                                                                               Show your support and visit the USO website.


                                                                                                       Until next time.
                                                                                                        lx:
                                                                                                       Governor Sarah Patin




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0008819
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin


                                                       State of Alaska--. Cove   WeomWeo . Ofice Locations-. Enlaa Goo   o,.




                                                                                                                                                  L




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                               PRAGSP01_0008820
