Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                           Bailey, Frank T (GOV) j/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
               Sent:                           Friday, December 21, 2007 9:05 PM
               To:                             McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
               Cc:                             Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject:                        Re: RADAR SCREEN: Bethel Police Dept. Crisis


               Wow Rhonda.  Very thorough.               Just started reading.     Have you contacted Walt? If you need
               his cell it is Privileged or



               I doubt I can help much with the immediate need (if you see an opportunity otherwise
               please let me know. I'm good at rounding up volunteers! :-) ), however would love to
               know how I can help with the longer term issue which sounds multi-faceted.



               Call if you need.



               Privileges, (h)   or   Privileged (c)


               F




               ----- Original Message -----

               From: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

               To: ExternalEmailgsp; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A
               (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

               Sent: Fri Dec 21 17:32:35 2007

               Subject: RADAR SCREEN: Bethel Police Dept. Crisis




              STAFFING SHORTAGE. Bethel Police staffing has reached crisis levels.




              After a call from a concerned Bethel resident, I talked with the Alaska State Troopers and
              the acting Chief of the Bethel Police Department, Andre Achee (uh-shay).




              CURRENT CRISIS.           Normally,      BPD is staffed at 14 patrol officers.




              But as of Monday , BPD will be down to three police officers, who will be working 12 hours
              a day, seven days a week .   The staff of three includes Acting Chief Achee , who says he's
                                                                          2




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0008839
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               proud of his co-workers . As the staffing dwindles , none have called in sick . But Achee
               wonders how long they can continue to work these marathon shifts without major burnout.
               The animal control officer has also been asked to help with police calls.




               one of the three remaining officers is slated to leave in March , so the department could
               be down to two officers if no replacements are hired.




               REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE. BPD has turned to the Alaska State Troopers. Deputy Public
               Safety Commissioner John Glass says AST will continue its standing policy of providing
               assistance in emergencies and in life-threatening cases .   AST has also been helping BPD
               investigate several recent homicides.




               Lt. Jeffery Laughlin, who oversees AST recruitment , has been asked to refer qualified
               candidates to BPD . While this may help , most of these candidates did not have enough
               experience to be hired by the Troopers, so they may ngt meet Bethel ' s needs.




              BPD has also requested manpower assistance from the Association of Village Council
              Presidents , which oversees the regional Village Public Safety officer program . So far,
              no decisions have been made.




              CAUSE OF CRISIS .     This predicament didn ' t happen overnight .  But the acting chief says,
              in his eighteen years on the Bethel police force , he's never seen staffing sink this low.
              Nationally , there ' s a law enforcement officer shortage , so it ' s extremely hard for a
              community like Bethel to compete . Its salaries are low , but the workload is high. Two
              officers recently took jobs in Fairbanks for more pay and less demanding duties.          The
              former chief just took a job with the Wasilla Police Department .       Since the chief's
              position is salaried , he will likely earn more as a Wasilla patrol officer - and won't
              have to deal with the high volume of calls that BPD experiences.




              CONCERNS.     New Year' s, one of the busiest days of the year for Bethel Police, is around

                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 0008840
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              the corner .  Temperatures have ranged from 10 - 20 below . Twice this week , search efforts
              for inebriates wandering out on the tundra have monopolized BPD's skeleton crew .       Bethel
              also had a plane crash .  Now that the Kuskokwim River has frozen , police also expect more
              traffic on the Ice Road - and this usually means more headaches for the department.




              OTHER OPTIONS .   The acting chief says BPD is considering asking the Governor ' s office to
              provide manpower via the Department of Military Affairs , until enough officers can be
              hired .  One worry :   most of the applicants are inexperienced and will require six months
              of Police Academy training , so it may be six to nine months before more officers are on
              the ground .    BPD is also looking to fill gaps with retired officers , hired on a contract
              basis.




              LACK OF CITY COUNCIL SUPPORT .   BPD has had a tough time getting its City Council behind
              it. Alcohol has historically been a divisive issue .     State Troopers in Bethel tell us
              the staffing problem is chronic , but agree it's never been this bad - and AST ' s heavy
              workload will likely increase with BPD ' s requests for assistance .   A few years ago, AST
              Sgt. Perry Barr , lead the push for an alcohol distribution center , to help control the
              supply of illegal alcohol .  But this effort tanked .  Barr believes it might have made a
              difference.




              BETHEL & ALCOHOL .  Bethel is classified as a "damp" community .   Alcohol can be imported,
              but not sold . Even so , Sgt. Barr says Bethel's alcohol consumption is very high. City
              collects taxes on alcohol bought outside Bethel .  It puts the value of alcohol headed for
              Bethel at 1.5 million a year.




              SHORT TERM ACTION .   I recommend that the Governor call Chief Achee and thank him and his
              staff for remaining on the job under such difficult conditions. Certainly, under their
              current workload , they will not be able to enjoy their holidays.    Sgt. Barr says some
              good could come out of this crisis.    The community is putting pressure on the council and
              the city administration to give BPD the support it needs to keep the town safe.    Chief
              Andre Achee:  543-3781




              LONG TERM SOLUTIONS .  This is yet another example of how Rural Alaska ' s alcohol epidemic
              costs everyone . No previous administration has truly taken this on as a cause .    Alcohol
              is the elephant in the room .  It's an unpopular issue , but it begs for a comprehensive
              approach , with a quid pro quo component - to encourage communities to do the right thing.

                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Governor Palin ' s trip to New Stuyahok signaled that this governor has a desire to offer
              meaningful solutions . As I grow into this job , I will continue to explore the
              possibilities and look for ways for the Governor to inspire communities to seek change.
              We need to find ways to offer the right kinds of carrots to encourage communities to
              actively seek wellness.




              Rhonda McBride



              Rural Affairs Advisor




              Office of the Governor




              Atwood Building ,     Suite 1700




              550 West 7th Avenue




              Anchorage ,     Alaska 99501




              Tel:   (907 )    269-7451   Cell :   351-4250




              E-Mail :      Rhonda . McBride@alaska.gov




                                                                        4




                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0008842
