Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Friday, December 21, 2007 10:37 AM
              To:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
              Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Subject:                Fw: US Supreme Court/2nd Amendment Case




              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberggalaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 21 Dec 2007 07:49:03

              To:"Katz, John W (GOV)" <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>,"Tillery, Craig J (LAW)"
              <craig.tillery@alaska.gov>

              Cc:"Persily, Larry A (GOV)" <lpersily@alaskadc.org>

              Subject: RE: US Supreme Court/2nd Amendment Case




              Dear Mr. Katz,

                       Thank-you for the message. There are a couple of items in Mr. Carberry's message
              that are wrong and should be clarified.

                         Yes, we plan to be involved in an Amicus brief in this case. We are not writing
              the brief.   The State of Texas is preparing the Amicus Brief and we will be joining their
              brief.  Just yesterday Mr. Tillery confirmed to me that Texas is preparing a place for us
              to sign the brief in support of 2nd Amendment rights.

                        If Mr. Carberry was told that we were preparing an-independent brief then that
              should be corrected.  An independent brief would be redundant and therefore discouraged by
              the Supreme Court and it would be a significant added expense as opposed to the joint
              brief with Texas.  As I understand it, the brief is not yet done, so we cannot convey a
              copy at this time to Mr. Carberry.

                        In answer to your question, as it is not a separate brief it would probably not
              lend itself to a delegation sign on.

                         If you have questions please call.

                        I am ccing the Governor so that she can remind staff in her office that we are
              joining the Texas Amicus brief and not preparing a separate independent brief.

                    Thank-you    Talis




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0008856
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               From : John Katz      [ mailto : jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]

                Sent :   Friday,    December 21, 2007 4:43 AM

                To: Tillery,       Craig J (LAW)

                Cc: Colberg,       Talis J   ( LAW); Persily ,   Larry A (GOV)

                Subject :   US Supreme Court / 2nd Amendment Case




              Per the letter below , are we filing an amicus brief or are we joining others? If we're
              doing this on our own , do we want to ask the Congressional delegation if they're
              interested ? Thanks.




              A personal call



              I would like to make note of the great " citizen service " I recently received from Gov.
              Sarah Palin ' s office . On Friday of last week I sent an e - mail through the Governor's Web
              site asking if the Alaska Attorney General had been instructed to file an Amicus Brief
              with the Supreme Court in the case of Heller v. DC, potentially one of the most
              interesting constitutional questions to come down the pike in a long time.



               To my surprise , I received not a form letter , not a return e-mail , but instead a personal
              call on Sunday from a staffer ( whose name I dearly wish I had written down ).   He informed
              me the governor ' s office was also following the case and that the attorney general was
              finishing up the brief in support of Heller as we spoke .   He will be sending me a copy
              when it is filed.



               That' s responsive government right there.             Kudos to Gov. Palin and her staff.



              In that vein , thanks to our U . S. senators for joining 45 other senators from both sides
             of the aisle in signing a letter to the Dept . of interior asking them to address the
             current hodgepodge of rules involving the carriage of firearms for safety ( not changing
             the rules on hunting or shooting ) in national parks and wildlife refuges .   Given that in
             Alaska it is hardly possible to walk a mile without going into and out of various state
             and federal land designations with contradictory policies , streamlining the policies to
             simply mirror each individual state's rules ( as BLM does ) just makes sense.




               Thank you, senators . Good for them.

                                                                       2




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0008857
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Matthew Carberry



              Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
              jwkatzealaskadc .org. Thank you .




                                                            3
