Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, December 21, 2007 8:06 AM
              To:                      Laddie and Linda
              Subject:                 RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: Laddie and Linda [mailto:landlshaw@gci.net]

              Sent: Thursday,    December 20, 2007 7:55 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs




              Hello again,

              I am just following up on my request to give honor to a disabled veteran for

              an act of kindness and generosity to fellow veterans by having Governor

              Palin send him a letter of appreciation and thanks for his efforts on behalf

              of other veterans. Also thanks to the Governor for her appearance and grand

              home coming welcome to the 4th of the 25 Infantry Brigade at the Sullivan

              Arena on Wednesday, it was quite meaningful.

              Thanks

              Laddie Shaw




               -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [mailto:governor@alaska.gov]

              Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 2:13 PM

              To: landlshaw@gci.net

              Subject: RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs




              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,
                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0008871
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              opinions , and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

              the Governor .    Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

              herself , your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

              appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

              suggestion , or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 9:37 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)             _

              Subject: Military_and Veterans Affairs




              Web mail from : Mr. Laddie Shaw

              address :   2029 Meander Dr Anchorage AK 99516

               317-2505




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,

              I want to thank you for your ongoing support for our veterans and active

              military. This past Veterans Day 25 Alaskan veterans from the Vietnam

              War celebrated the 25th Anniversary of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, or

              as we refer to it " The Wall." I forward to you a Compass piece I wrote

              for the Anchorage Daily News (but not published) honoring a veteran with

              a mission to honor other veterans ,   Bob Moore . You undoubtedly know Bob,

              because I understand his kids provided occasional        "baby sitting"

              services for one or more of your kids.

              In addition to my thanks for your respect and honor of our veterans and

              for a job well done as Governor (above and beyond the call of duty)I

              would like to respectfully request a letter from you to Bob Moore for

              his service and sacrifice as a veteran and for his efforts on behalf of

              other veterans . As I note in my proposed Compass piece , one 'ol soldier

              made a difference by "continuing to serve" with his mission of the Trail

              Riders.

                                                               2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Also as a side note, I must highlight on the wonderful story about your

               folks in Sundays paper. Chuck and Sally are "old" friends and truly

               marvelous people.

               Thank you in advance for your consideration of this request.

               Bobs address is:

               Bob Moore

               PO Box 873471

               Wasilla, AK 99687




               In November of 1919, President Woodrow Wilson issued his Armistice Day

               proclamation.    The last paragraph set the tone for future observances:

                 "To us in America, the reflections of Armistice Day will be filled

               with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the country's

               service and with gratitude for the victory, both because of the thing

               from which it has freed us and because of the opportunity it has given

              America to show her sympathy with peace and justice in the councils of

              the nation."

              Armistice Day is now celebrated as Veterans Day, a day to remind us of

              sacrifice and service to country, a time for reflection, and a time to

              openly honor our veterans. Veterans Day is a time to pay our respect to

              all veterans for their sacrifices and for protecting the freedom we so

              cherish in America.      This year, as an added honor we pay our respects to

              over 9 million men and women who served during the Vietnam era by

              celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial or

              more commonly referred to as "The Wall."

              The idea to have Alaskan veterans represented in the Anniversary

              celebration was the idea of one "ol' soldier" and present day Alaskan

              cowboy, Bob Moore. Bob is a highly decorated Vietnam veteran who served

              three tours of duty in Vietnam, both as an infantry soldier and combat

              Helicopter pilot and is the "Trail Boss " for the Alaska Trail Riders of

              Alaska. The Alaska Trail Riders is an organization that was formed to

              provide therapeutic trail rides for disabled veterans and children. Bob

              was going to take a "trail ride" as he put it, to recognize the

              anniversary, but his trail ride became a mission, a mission for healing
                                                               3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              and to honor the sacrifices of his fellow veterans . The irony in Bob's

              endeavor to honor his fellow veterans , is that he is a disabled veteran

              himself.

              Bob developed a fund raising strategy to support the Trail Riders

              efforts to bring 25 Alaskan veterans to the anniversary celebration and

              that strategy involved riding his horse 400 miles across Alaska . Riding

              with memories and a mission Bob Moore rode out of Wasilla at sunrise

              with the hope of a positive fund raising campaign and "rounding up" a

              group of veterans to attend the anniversary of the " Wall ." His ride

              brought together veterans for the cause , in turn a committee was formed

              and the mission was in place . By the time he had ridden from Wasilla to

              Cantwell and Paxton the Trail Riders had nearly $40 , 000 in pledges from

              major oil companies , native corporations , local business and service

              organizations to support the 25 vets traveling to Washington DC for the

              Anniversary Parade.

              Alaska Airlines , a huge supporter , has designated the flight carrying

              the delegation to DC on November 8th "The Alaska Freedom Bird,"

              commemorating the Freedom Bird designation of the homecoming flights

              from Vietnam . We expect more than 50,000 veterans and family members to

              join the Alaska delegation for this historic event.

              The wall is the touchstone of a generation ,        a sacred place for Vietnam

              veterans ,   our emotional   " welcome home ."   Over 58 , 000 names are etched in

              simple black granite as a reminder of the cost of freedom and the

              sacrifice of a generation.

              One "ol ' soldier" took on a cause and made a difference. He had

              memories , haunting memories , and he had a mission and that mission was

              the foundation of the Vietnam Veterans of America " Never again will one

              generation of veterans abandon another."

              A new generation is presently continuing the fight for liberty , freedom

              and the American way. Please take the time to welcome home a service

              member and honor a vet . Don't let this generation of soldiers be

              forgotten for their sacrifices.



                                                                  4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               LandLShaw@gci.net



               No virus found in this incoming message.

               Checked by AVG Free Edition.

               Version :   7.5.503 / Virus Database :   269.16 . 0/1139 - Release Date: 11/19/2007

               12:35 PM




              No virus found in this outgoing message.

               Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version: 7.5.503 / Virus Database: 269.17.4/1189 -          Release Date: 12/18/2007

               9:40 PM




                                                                  5




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008875
