Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



                   Unknown

                   From:     Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
                   Sent:     Friday, December 21, 2007 10:33 AM
                   To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   Subject: Lowenfels

                 I haven't been listening, but you usually ask for a morning radio reminder in case you have time. 0




                 8/25/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0008911
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page I of 3



                   Unknown

                   From:     John Katz fjwkatz   ALASKADC.org]
                   Sent:     Friday, December21 , 2007 12:03 PM
                   To:       Karen Rehfeld ; Randy Ruaro ; Michael Tibbles ; Mike Nizich ; Governor Sarah Palin
                   Cc:       Leo von Scheben
                   Subject; Ferry to Nowhere?


                  I thought that you would want to see the article below from today' s Washington Post
                  concerning the latest round of Congressional earmarks.

                  As you will see, the article is suffused with mentions of Alaska and has conjured up
                  a new twist - the Ferry to Nowhere from Anchorage to the Mat-Su Borough. I. guess
                  that this is a good way to sell newspapers at our expense.

                  In any event, we can only be responsible for the Administration's own requests, and
                  this one didn't come from us.



                  Spending Bills Still Stuffed With Earmarks
                  Democrats Had Vowed To Curtail Pet Projects

                  By Elizabeth Williamson
                  Washington Post Staff Writer
                  Friday, December 21, 2007; A01

                  Twice in the past two years, Alaska lawmakers lost congressional earmarks to build
                  two "bridges to nowhere" costing hundreds of millions of dollars after Congress was
                  embarrassed by public complaints over the pet projects hidden in annual spending
                  bills.

                 This year, Rep. Don Young and Sen. Ted Stevens, who are Alaska Republicans,
                 found another way to move cash to their state: Stevens secured more than $20
                 million for an "expeditionary craft" that will connect Anchorage with the windblown
                 rural peninsula of Matanuska-Susitna Borough.

                 Now what Alaska has, budget watchdogs contend, is a ferry to nowhere.

                 "Earmarks are a bipartisan affliction," said Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers
                 for Common Sense, a nonpartisan budget watchdog group that tracks the projects.
                 "It would take leadership in both parties -- and a lot more shame -- to ever rein
                 them in."

                 The $555 billion annual "omnibus" spending bill approved by Congress this week
                 and the $459 billion defense bill passed last month collectively contain more than
                 11,000 earmarks, despite Democrats' vow to use their first year in the majority to
                 slash the number of such pet projects.




                 8/28/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0008912
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 3


                 The earmark tally did come down, budget watchdogs said, but the audacity of the
                 requests is little reduced. Among routine requests for roads and dams, Taxpayers
                 for Common Sense found $100,000 for signage in Los Angeles's fashion district, $9
                 million for "rural domestic preparedness" in Kentucky and $250,000 for a wine and
                 culinary center in Prosser, Wash.

                 President Bush yesterday threatened to cancel thousands of the special projects,
                 saying he has ordered White House budget director Jim Nussle to determine the
                 extent of the president's authority to respond to what he called "wasteful spending"
                 in the mammoth appropriations bill. Aides said that could include simply
                 disregarding earmarks that were not included in binding legislative language.

                 Earmarks are a crucial way that lawmakers channel money back home for such
                 projects as community centers and water-treatment plants. Most members of
                 Congress boast to constituents of their success in winning funding and say they
                 know better than federal agencies what their districts need. A spokesman for Young
                 said the Alaska ferry, for example, would drastically shorten the commute from the
                 borough to Anchorage.

                 But over decades, earmarks have become magnets for some questionable spending
                 requests, and the sheer number has given them a bad name.

                 The practice reached a high-water mark in 2005, the year of the first "bridge to
                 nowhere" project, which would have linked the town of Ketchikan, on a
                 southeastern Alaska island, to its airport on a nearby island.

                 Nussle, a former representative from Iowa who chaired the House Budget
                 Committee, said the earmark explosion badly dented Republicans' and Bush's
                 reputations among fiscal conservatives.

                 "When I was budget chairman ... we always held the top line. But what got us in
                 trouble, I feel, are the earmarks," Nussle said in an interview. "People would come
                 up to me at a town meeting, [and] they all want to know: 'How did you have money
                 for this bridge or this rain forest or this cowgirl museum?' "

                 All told, this year's spending bills contain about 25 percent fewer earmarks than the
                 2006 appropriations, according to a tally by Citizens Against Government Waste.
                 But this year, lawmakers generally did not count the earmarks in bills composed
                 almost solely of regional projects, such as the annual military construction bill.

                 Trimming earmarks by changing their definition "is like saying you're meeting your
                 weight-loss goal by not counting your backside," Ellis said. "They've taken a step in
                 the right direction, but if all we did was recalibrate the baseline and earmarks start
                 their growth again, we haven't accomplished much."

                 The House required lawmakers for the first time to sign their names on their
                 earmarks, identify the beneficiaries and locations, and certify that neither they nor
                 their immediate families have a financial stake in the spending. But Democrats'
                 good intentions came undone in the Senate, which did not trim earmarks as



                 8/28/2009



                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008913
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3



                 severely and tinkered with the language of the rules, limiting disclosure only to the
                 authors' names, Ellis said.

                 There are few signs so far that disclosure rules have dissuaded lawmakers from
                 sponsoring earmarks, watchdogs said. They have only made them easier to trace.

                 The Taxpayers for Common Sense audit revealed, for example, that a handful of
                 lawmakers continued this year to sponsor earmarks worth more than $10 million
                 for ProLogic Inc., a West Virginia company under federal investigation for its role in
                 receiving earmarked money.

                 The omnibus bill provides $126,000 for the National First Ladies' Library in Canton,
                 Ohio, a favorite cause of the earmark's sponsor, Rep. Ralph Regula (R), whose wife
                 founded the museum and whose daughter runs it. Regula has requested hundreds
                 of thousands of federal dollars for the museum since 1991, when he persuaded the
                 National Park Service to pay $1.1 million for its headquarters -- the girlhood home of
                 Ida Saxton McKinley, the 25th first lady.

                 "Both Republicans and Democrats in Congress have teamed up to waste taxpayer
                 dollars on silly pork projects and egotistical projects named after themselves," said
                 Brian Riedl, senior budget analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation think
                 tank.

                 The Alaska ferry project is one of the more expensive earmarks . Billed in Stevens's
                 version of the legislation as an "expeditionary craft " to be used by the .military, it is
                 considered a passenger ferry by Young, according to his spokeswoman . It would
                 follow roughly the same path as the second of the abandoned "bridges to nowhere."
                 Stevens placed the earmark that will fund the ferry into the defense appropriations
                 bill, which Bush signed last month.

                 Young's son-in-law owns land in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, a remote region two
                 hours by car from Anchorage. A ferry would shorten that commute to 15 minutes,
                 making the borough valuable for housing development.

                 Meredith Kenny, a spokeswoman for Young, confirmed the family connection to the
                 land. "Many Alaskans own land there," she said.

                 "They've been working on this since the mid-1990s," she said of the ferry project.
                 "It's bipartisan, well wanted and needed. It's a bridge to growth and development."

                 Staff writer Jonathan Weisman contributed to this report.

                Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                jwkatz(alaskadc.org. Thank you .




                8/28/2009



                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0008914
