Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From:    ddonkel@cfl.rr.com
                  Sent:    Friday, December 21, 2007 1:59 AM
                  To:      Wes Wu; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Stan Snyder; stefan Milkowski;
                            Senator Thomas_Wagoner@legis. state. ak.us ; Green ; Lyda N (LAA); Stevens ; Gary L (LAA);
                           Welechowski; Bill (LAA); Stedman; Bert K.(LAA); Rod Scribner, Robert James Newman; Rick Wagner;
                           rep. david . gutten berg @legis.state.ak. us ; Paul L. Craig; Oil & Gas Journal ; Nick Stepovich; Kay
                           Cashman; publisher, Spencer, Kar! L (GOV); Jun Ho Song; Katz; John W (GOV); Coghill; John (LAA);
                           jimwhite; Jim Winegamer, Pound; Jim (LAA); Jim Gottstein; Jerry Hodgden; James W. White; Governor
                           Sarah Pal!n (GOV sponsored); Faith Warthen; David W. Lappi; Dave Doherty; Dave Gross; Danny S.
                           Davis; Dan Bross; Dan Britton; Craig Fisher, Brit Lively; Bill Bankston; Barry Foote; Balash; Joseph R
                           (GOV); Al Gross
                 Subject: 20071207161628.pdf - Adobe Reader
                 Dear Friends

                 Thank goodness for Governor Palin and Commissionor Irwin because they have been paying attention to
                 how the old "CBC" Alaska oil and gas Laws written by those that seem to want cause Alaskans to pay
                 higher natural gas prices!! These old oil and gas laws keeps Aroura out of the oil and gas drilling,
                 producing , transporting and selling business competition . How can the North slope Gas Pipeline be built if
                 the Laws have been written to keep Alaskans and small competiors at bay so most the State 's oil and
                 Gas wealth is exported and Gas consumers in South Central Alaskan appear to be harmed by higher gas
                 prices.

                 This will all changed this Legislative Session and the whole oil and gas industry will be improved so
                 Alaskans and small exploration and production oil and gas companies can compete fairly for
                 these controled gas markets if Governor Pal!n gets the support she needs to reduces gas prices and
                 increase production so Alaskans can compete fairly and sell gas cheaper and profit by doing so.

                 Just look at the facts, Aroura saved Alaskans millions of dollars. The oil and gas laws needs a complete
                 face lift so Alaskans can drill and produce not just the majors. God Bless Governor Palin and her staff.

                 Merry Christmas and give Alaska back to Alaskans at long last!!

                 God Bless Alaska both the leaders that care about the fine people of Alaska.

                 Daniel K. Donkel
                 ddonkek cfl.rr.com




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008887
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 14


                 Unknown

                 From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:        Friday, December 21, 2007 8:40 AM
                 To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: State Progress: Progressive Growth




                 From : Center for American Progress [mailto:stateprogress@americanprogress.org]
                 Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 6:02 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: State Progress: Progressive Growth


                         Click here for the mobile edition I Problems viewing this email? Click here for the online edition I Subscribe to State Pro ress




                                                                                                                        THE WEEK AHEAD

                                                                                                                        Congress adjourned on
                                              Progressive Growth
                                                                                                                        Wednesday, Dec. 19 for the
                         ISSUE BRIEFING                                                                                 holidays. The House will
                                                                         House Forclosure image                         reconvene on Jan. 15 and the
                         The American Dream has been a                                                                  Senate will reconvene on
                         story of progressive policy
                                                                                                                        Jan. 22.
                         establishing conditions in which
                         individuals have been able to                                                                  NEWS CUPS
                         seize opportunities and make a                                                                 Mayors , Looking to Cities'
                         better life for themselves, their                                                              Future, Are Told It Must Be
                         children, their families, and their communities. It can be so again. The                       Colored Green
                         United States faces unprecedented challenges. Yet at the Center for                            United States Conference of
                         American Progress, we are optimistic about America's economic future.                          Mayors convenes a two day
                         We are confident that the ladder of economic mobility can be rebuilt with                      "Climate Protection Summit"
                         the right leadership and progressive policy.                                                   to discuss the possibilities of
                                                                                                                        using green technologies to
                         BEST PRACTICES                                   ASK THE EXPERT
                                                                                                                        improve their cities and
                                                                                                                        decrease their impact on




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0008888
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                           Page 2 of 14




                         States Promote Progressive Growth           David Madland Discusses           global climate change.
                                                                     Rebuilding Economic Mobility      From the New York Times
                         By building on the foundations
                         already laid by progressives , several      Katy Thompson interviews
                                                                                                       Longer School Day to be
                         states are taking action to promote         David Madland, Director of the
                                                                                                       Studied
                         progressive growth and transform            Work/Life Program at the
                                                                                                       Andover school district in
                         their economies, including California,      Center for American Progress,
                                                                                                       Massachusetts was awarded
                         Massachusetts , Oregon , New Jersey,        about the growth of the nation
                                                                                                       one of 28 grants to be a part
                         Washington, and Indiana. These              going forward.                    of the "Expanded Learning
                         cases point to direct actions by states                                       Time" experiment . They will
                         to promote progressive growth                                                 add approximately 300 hours
                         strategies that help build their                                              to the school year to see if
                         economies and produce tangible                                                the additional time in school
                         benefits for their citizens.                                                  will have a measurable effect
                                                                                                       on the education of the
                                                                                                       students . From the Boston
                                                                                                       Globe

                        ISSUE BRIEFING
                                                                                                       Ohio Leads Fight to Stop
                        The American Dream has been a story of progressive policy establishing
                                                                                                       Foreclosures
                        conditions in which individuals have been able to seize opportunities and
                                                                                                       As one of the states that have
                        make a better life for themselves, their children, their families, and their
                                                                                                       been hit hardest by the
                        communities. It can be so again. The United States faces unprecedented
                                                                                                       mortgage crisis, Ohio is
                        challenges. Yet at the Center for American Progress, we are optimistic
                                                                                                       finding ways to keep people
                        about America's economic future. We are confident that the ladder of
                                                                                                       in their homes and reduce the
                        economic mobility can be rebuilt with the right leadership and progressive
                                                                                                       effects abandoned property
                        policy.
                                                                                                       and foreclosures have on

                        Today, working Americans feel less and less secure, and their prospects        neighborhoods. From the

                        for economic mobility seem more and more remote. People are working            Axcess News

                        longer hours than ever before, change jobs more frequently, and have
                        more volatile incomes. Forty-seven million live without health insurance.      State Assembly Backs

                        Few are represented by a union. Many face tough competition from               Healthcare for All

                        lower-wage workers abroad. The land of the American Dream now has              The state Assembly on

                        less inter-generational income mobility than many other developed              Monday approved the first

                        countries. Family incomes have risen on average within generations only        phase of a $14.4-billion plan
                                                                                                       to extend medical insurance




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008889
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                              Page 3 of 14



                                                                                                         to nearly all residents , giving

                         because the incomes of women have risen as their participation in the           Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger

                         workforce has grown dramatically ; incomes of men have stagnated. The           and his Democratic allies their

                         additional income from the second earner is essential to cover the rising       first victory in a risky yearlong

                         cost of healthcare , energy, and childcare , among other things.                campaign to overhaul
                                                                                                         California's healthcare
                         Each of the traditional pathways to progress is littered with roadblocks.       system . From the LA Times
                         Incomes are not rising ; the historical link between greater productivity and
                         higher wages has broken down . Personal savings in the United States is
                         near record lows . From pre-school through high school , we are failing to
                         prepare many for college and the workplace . Those who begin degree or
                        credential programs to improve earnings complete them at alarmingly low

                        rates . Until recently , homeownership was a pathway to wealth
                        accumulation , but many now see their equity slipping away . American
                        workers feel less secure with good reason . Their prospects for getting
                        ahead are more limited . Working hard and playing by the rules is not
                        enough.


                        In recent years, economic growth has been relatively strong , but the
                        economy has added jobs at a lackluster rate compared to similar times in

                        the economic cycle. The share of the nation 's income that goes to those
                        in the middle is lower than it has been in 50 years . The benefits of
                        economic growth have all flown to those at the very top.


                        The prospects for long -term growth are also weak . Our economy is
                        increasingly reliant on unsustainable , debt-driven spending (by
                        consumers and the federal government), instead of innovation and

                        investment. Between March 2001 and March 2007, 84 percent of
                        economic growth came from consumption spending , while less than 4
                        percent came from investment . The United States has fallen behind many
                        countries when it comes to equipping the workforce with the education
                        and training necessary for individual and national success, doing a
                        mediocre job especially of preparing our children for careers in the
                        innovation economy . Younger cohorts moving into the work-force in
                        coming years will be smaller and have less education than the older
                        generations leaving the workforce.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008890
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                Page 4 of 14




                        Globalization and technology have changed the rules of the game..
                        Unsustainable appreciation in the housing market buoyed the economy
                        for too long. And we face a clear and present danger to our economy and

                        the earth itself from global warming . As Rajendra Pachauri , Chairman of
                        the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and recipient of the

                        2007 Nobel Peace Prize , said recently , "If there' s no action before 2012,

                        that's too late . What we do in the next two to three years will determine
                        our future. This is the defining moment ." America needs policymakers
                        with a plan for restoring U.S. economic leadership in a global and carbon-
                        constrained economy , making it possible , once again , to dream that our

                        children can look forward to a better future.


                        The next administration can offer a new vision of America as an
                        economic leader with a growing middle class in a vibrant global economy.

                        America's economy could be driven by ongoing invention and the
                        production of high value-added goods and services . America could lead a
                        global energy transformation based on more efficient technologies and

                        clean, renewable fuels . These forces could fuel the creation of good jobs
                        and good prospects for workers at all skill levels . America's students and
                        workers could be readied to meet the demands of the innovation

                        economy . Moreover, we could ensure the economic security necessary,
                        so that people can take risks and generate wealth for themselves and our

                        country . America could put globalization and change to work for American
                        workers and for millions around the globe.


                        At the center of this vision is a strategy to address the greatest moral and
                        economic challenge of our time-climate change-and turn it into our
                        greatest opportunity. Left unchecked , the economic disruption caused by
                        climate change will sap our resources and dampen our growth . But with
                        low-carbon technologies and clean , renewable energy , we can capture a
                        new global market , drive American economic growth , and create green

                       jobs for American workers , offering new skills and new earnings
                        opportunities up and down the economic ladder.


                        CAP's economic blueprint for a new administration would also leverage




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0008891
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                 Page 5 of 14




                        our creativity, entrepreneurial culture , and a restored leadership in
                        science and technology to create an innovation economy and spur

                        economic growth . It would seek to enhance economic security and
                                                                                                                            I
                        mobility for American workers by creating the conditions in which they
                        could protect and improve their own health , education , incomes, and
                        wealth. It would refocus our international economic policy on promoting
                        decent work and higher living standards around the globe , helping to
                        generate additional demand for American products and services,

                        restoring American leadership , and ensuring that the rising tide produced
                        by economic integration lifts all boats . Finally, CAP's plan offers a
                        responsible pro-growth fiscal policy that would value work and fairness
                        and support necessary investments in our economic future while setting
                        us on a course to reduce the debt as a share of GDP and ready
                        ourselves for the additional demands of the aging baby boom generation.


                        Restoring economic mobility for Americans, sustaining economic growth
                        in a global economy, and combating global warming are great challenges,
                        but America is up to the task. From sweatshops to segregation to the
                        space race, the progressive commitment to fairness, human dignity, and
                        what FDR called "bold, persistent experimentation" has driven our
                        country to overcome obstacles as great as these we face today.


                        Key Steps to Progressive Growth include:


                        Accelerate America 's transformation to a low-carbon economy.


                              Implement an economy-wide cap-and-trade program for
                               greenhouse gases.
                              Dedicate cap-and-trade revenues to, first , offset energy costs for
                                low- and moderate-income consumers and support the
                               employees and communities of carbon -intensive firms, and
                               second , invest in innovation and the transformation to a low-

                               carbon economy.
                              Implement complementary policies to reduce emissions and
                               increase energy efficiency in the transportation and electricity




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008892
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                 Page 6 of 14




                                sectors.
                              Create a White House National Energy Council to manage the
                                transformation and ensure that the federal government leads the

                                way.
                              Exercise global leadership.


                        Spur innovation to sustain productivity growth and job creation.


                              Make significant new investments to stimulate innovation to
                                address our nation 's grand challenges and emerging

                                opportunities.
                              Build a flexible , problem-solving workforce that includes more
                                workers with world -Gass science , technology , engineering, and

                                math skills.
                              Restore the integrity of American science.


                        Rebuild the ladder of opportunity by restoring economic security and
                        mobility.


                              Guarantee quality, affordable health care regardless of
                                employment or life circumstance.
                              Expand access to effective education for our children and adult
                                workers to ready the workforce for 21 st century jobs in the global

                                innovation economy.
                              Make work pay and incomes keep pace with growth through the
                                minimum wage , expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit and
                    I           Child Tax Credit , the right to organize , and reforms to

                                unemployment insurance and adjustment assistance.
                              Provide greater opportunities to build and secure wealth through
                                work, retirement savings , affordable and safe financial services,

                                and home ownership.


                        Create a virtuous circle of rising economic fortunes for a growing global
                        middle class-future consumers of U.S . products and services.


                              Refocus the three main elements of our international economic




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0008893
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                  Page 7 of 14




                                policy-trade , aid, and monetary policy -on achieving progressive

                                growth around the globe.
                              Enlist all the international institutions -the International Labor
                                Organization , the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank,
                                the World Trade Organization , and regional multilateral
                                development banks-in a coordinated strategy to promote decent
                                work: quality jobs , fundamental rights at work , social protection,

                                and social dialogue.
                              Support construction of the laws and institutions that will enable
                                middle-income nations to share new growth widely within their

                                populations.
                              Support low-income nations in meeting basic human needs,
                                advancing decent work , moving more workers into the formal
                                economy, eliminating trade barriers to their exports, and

                                supporting the creation of trade -related infrastructure.


                        Adopt a responsible fiscal policy to finance needed investments in
                        national priorities.


                              Make needed investments in economic growth and restoring
                                economic mobility.
                              Dedicate cap-and-trade revenues to ease the transition to a low-
                                carbon economy and invest in policies to spur innovation and the

                                energy transformation.
                              Adopt a tax system that is fair and rewards human capital by:
                                     o Rewarding work and wealth equally.
                                     o Expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax
                                     o Credit to help make work pay for low-income workers.
                                     o Providing tax breaks to employers and employees to
                                         encourage more investment in credentialed and portable

                                         education of adult workers.
                                     o Improving retirement security through matching
                                         contributions for lower-wage workers in a new Universal

                                        401(k) plan.
                                     o Lifting the cap on which the employer pays social security




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0008894
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                  Page 8 of 14




                                         taxes while maintaining the employee cap.
                                    o Permanently reforming the estate tax so that only a tiny
                                         fraction of the wealthiest heirs would be subject.
                                    o Closing loopholes and improving tax enforcement.
                                Put America on course to reduce our debt as a share of our Gross

                                Domestic Product.


                        BEST PRACTICES
                        Building on the foundations already laid by progressives , several states
                        are taking action to promote progressive growth and transform their

                        economies . California's state legislature has set high standards for low-
                        carbon fuels . Massachusetts has adopted a universal health insurance
                        program. Oregon has put in place strong unemployment laws. New
                        Jersey has encouraged opportunity at all levels by continuing its support
                        of universal preschool , beginning with children in low-income school
                        districts. Washington , a pioneer in minimum wage legislation since 1998,
                        mandates the highest indexed minimum wage in the United States. And
                        Indiana has launched a new effort to support lifelong learning for its
                        nontraditional students. These cases highlight direct actions by states to

                        promote progressive growth strategies that help build their economies
                        and produce tangible benefits for their citizens . Here's a snapshot of each

                        case in point:


                        Clean Energy


                        In January 2007 , California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger issued an
                        executive order that established a revolutionary Low Carbon Fuel

                        Standard. By 2020, this order will spur a 10 percent reduction in the
                        carbon intensity of passenger vehicle fuels sold in California and help the
                        state meet the greenhouse gas emission reduction mandate set by

                        California' s Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006 . Left unchanged, the
                        nation 's current dependence on petroleum- based fuels would continue to
                        contribute to climate change , rising levels of greenhouse gases, and a
                        foreign oil-reliant national economy . The Low Carbon Fuel Standard will
                        mandate specific reductions in the lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions of




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0008895
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                   Page 9 of 14




                         transportation fuels sold in the state -at first, a 10 percent reduction in
                         lifecycle emissions of passenger vehicle fuels by 2020 . This standard is
                         the first of its kind anywhere in the United States . As the world's 12th-

                         lar est source of carbon emissions , California stands to make a large
                         impact with its new standards.


                         Since the policy' s unveiling , scientists and scholars at several California
                         universities , including the University of California , Berkeley , have worked
                         to translate this bold proposal into a concrete action plan . In August 2007,
                         these scholars released the final elements of their re6rt . Their plan calls

                         for a phased emission reduction , a greater variety of available fuels, and
                         a universal standard applied to all vehicles and fuels.


                        The Low Carbon Fuel Standard is one of many innovative policy actions
                        that California has taken to reduce energy consumption and emissions.
                         Other measures have included efficiency mandates , decoupling electricity
                         sales from profits , and passing a law to reduce vehicle tailpipe emissions,


                        Social Safety Net


                         Health care


                         In April 2006 , the Massachusetts state legislature approved the nation's
                        first plan to mandate health coverage . With a population of 372,000
                        uninsured residents , Massachusetts had a significant number of citizens
                        to address . The legislation relied on three platforms to expand health

                        coverage-a public health insurance program , the employer-sponsored
                        insurance system , and individual responsibility . This three-pronged
                        approach:


                              Expanded MassHealth (the Medicaid program ) to cover all
                                children living in families with incomes below 300 percent of the
                                poverty level and to raise enrollment levels for individuals with

                                disabilities and HIV/AIDS
                              Required employers with 11 or more workers to provide health
                                insurance coverage by July 1, 2007 or pay a $295 per employee




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0008896
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                Page 10 of 14




                                per year assessment
                              Required all individuals to have health insurance or pay a penalty.
                                The plan also included several strategies to ensure that residents
                                can meet their coverage obligation by purchasing affordable
                                insurance . The Commonwealth Health Insurance Connector
                                provides a mechanism for individuals and small businesses to

                                purchase coverage . In addition , the Commonwealth Care program
                                contracts with Medicaid -participating health plans and provides
                                premium subsidies to ensure that lower-income residents can
                                obtain coverage. Individuals with incomes below 150 percent of

                                the poverty level are not required to pay premiums, and
                                Commonwealth Care provides sliding -scale subsidies for those

                                with incomes between 150 and 300 percent of the poverty level.


                        This approach plays to the state's strengths , including a high level of
                        employer-sponsored coverage -nearly 70 percent of Massachusetts' non-
                        elderly population receives health coverage through employers-and the

                        historically generous MassHealth program . Early implementation efforts
                        have further demonstrated the effectiveness of this approach;
                        MassHealth enrollment had increased by 53, 000 individuals as of March,,
                        2007, and nearly 80,000 adults had enrolled in subsidized
                        Commonwealth Care plans by June 1, 2007.


                        Massachusetts, though , is still grappling with some sticky questions, such
                        as ensuring that all residents can access . comprehensive coverage and
                        developing workable affordability standards . In addition, Massachusetts'
                        unique position-with a high level of employer -sponsored insurance,
                        generous preexisting Medicaid eligibility standards , and a financing pool
                        that included federal and state funding for uncompensated care-may limit
                        this model's applicability in other states . Nevertheless , Massachusetts
                        has helped inject new ideas into the national health reform debate and
                        will offer important lessons for national reforms.


                        Unemployment Insurance




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008897
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  StateProgressNov29                                                                                Page 11 of 14




                         Other factors besides rising health care costs contribute to a fraying
                         social safety net. Unexpected job loss, for example, often brings great

                         financial strain on both individuals and families . State-run unemployment
                         insurance programs can help mitigate this burden by providing a source
                         of income to qualifying individuals. This program, inaugurated in 1935,
                         was originally part of the Social Security Act, and over the years it has
                         helped thousands of individuals face the uncertainties brought on by
                         unemployment, illness, and sudden disability.


                         Oregon is one example of where strong policies have been put in place to
                         protect workers who are not at fault for their job loss. In July 2007, the
                         state increased its insurance payout in order to continue to better support
                         the unemployed . Each year, state law mandates that the benefit be
                         adjusted to account for changes in the cost of living. Depending on age
                         and income, individuals are eligible for up to 463 per week. Oregon's
                         commitment to providing a fair unemployment insurance policy is
                         consistent with the recommendations of CRP's Progressive Growth
                         agenda . Our plan calls for beneficial changes that include reforming
                         "monetary eligibility" rules that today screen out low-wage workers and
                         workers who have lost their jobs due to family emergencies. The plan
                         would also allow workers to upgrade their skills and qualifications during
                         periods of unemployment.


                         Opportunity


                         Education


                         Education access is a central component of a progressive growth plan
                         and should call for expanded opportunity for all Americans. These
                         opportunities begin with the youngest among us. In order to prepare our
                         children for the future, we must ensure that they have access to
                         enhanced educational opportunities beginning in preschool. New Jersey
                         has led the push for universal preschool for its residents.


                         In the late 1990s , several lawsuits were filed on behalf of New Jersey's
                        schoolchildren. The New Jersey Supreme Court's Abbott v. Burke




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0008898
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  StateProgressNov29                                                                                  Page 12 of 14




                         decision created new standards of accountability for the state's
                         educational system . Universal preschool was one of the key reforms
                         borne out of this landmark decision . The state has worked to expand this
                         program and fulfill its promise of universality . The 2008 state budget
                         would increase educational appropriations , expanding access to 65,000
                         preschoolers. In particular , the plan targets preschoolers in low-income
                         school districts . Though New Jersey's universal preschool plan has
                         developed incrementally , the state has supported and funded this
                         innovate program with the hopes of one day bringing it to completion-a
                         strategy in line with the proposals recently put forth by the Center for

                         American Progress.


                         Minimum Wage


                         Another key pillar of the progressive movement that has the clearest
                         delineation to lifting Americans out of poverty is a minimum wage. This

                         reality notwithstanding , a set minimum wage simply does not offer
                         enough financial security . At the state level , legislatures are taking action
                         to ensure that the minimum wage keeps pace with the continually rising
                         cost of living by indexing it proportionately to inflation . It is not enough to
                         set the minimum wage without being prepared to adjust it in response to

                         economic changes citizens face.


                         Responding to this need to ensure that income keeps pace with the cost
                         of living, in 1998 , Washington became the first state to pass legislation
                         providing for an indexed minimum wage . Each year, the state's minimum
                         wage is recalculated based on a cost-of-living adjustment . With a 2007
                         minimum wage of $7.93, Washington 's rate is the highest in the nation,
                         and one of only a few that adjusts each year based on changes in the

                         cost of living . Beginning on January 1, 2008 , the state 's minimum wage
                        will rise to $8 .07 per hour, a $0.14 increase over 2007.


                         Lifelong Learning


                         Providing opportunities for working adults to learn is also critical to
                        success in a global, technology -driven economy. Working adults have




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1 _0008899
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 StateProgressNov29                                                                                 Page 13 of 14




                         unique needs as learners , including work schedules and family

                         responsibilities . Progressive states are meeting these needs to help
                         create opportunity for their workforce . Indiana is taking the lead in this
                         area with its statewide College for Working Adults Initiative at Ivy Tech
                         Community College.


                         Ivy Tech Community College of Indiana , a single statewide institution with
                         23 campuses and over 70 , 000 degree-seeking students , boasts a
                         tremendous working model for lifelong learning with its new College for

                         Working Adults. CWA, launched by Ivy Tech in August-2007, is a
                         sign ificant effort to increase the college 's completion and graduation
                         rates . CWA incorporates a number of innovative education delivery
                        features designed to promote a clear pathway to a degree and
                         credentials through nine of the college 's most highly enrolled programs
                        with the goal of ultimately including it in all programs.


                         By attending classes no more than twice a week and taking only two
                         courses at a time, CWA will enable working students to complete an
                        Associate in Applied Science degree or Associate in Science degree in
                         as little as 24 months . Marketing and enrollments in CWA are well
                         underway and early response from faculty, staff, and, most of all,
                         students has been remarkably positive.


                         If you would like more information on how your state or municipality can
                        get information on CAP's Progressive Growth proposal , please contact us
                        at statearogressO-americanorogress.org.


                        ASK THE EXPERT

                        David Madland , Director of the Work/Life Program at the Center for
                        American Progress discusses how the ladder of economic mobility can be
                        rebuilt in the country with the right leadership and progressive policy.


                        Highlights:


                        "...this plan is really built around the energy transformation . Global




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0008900
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  StateProgressNov29                                                                                Page 14 of 14




                         warming presents one of the most fundamental challenges to our country,
                         to the environment but also to the economy. Not many people think of it in

                         terms of the economic challenge it presents, but there are the threats to
                         all our cities , especially on the coasts . That's just one of them. This plan
                         takes that challenge and makes it an opportunity. We are going to
                         eventually have to adapt to climate change and instead of letting other
                         countries take the lead on figuring out the new technologies and the new

                         green jobs that will be available , we will really help spur the innovation
                         economy by finding a way to take advantage of renewable energy..."


                         Read the full interview here. Or download and listen to the complete

                         audio (. mp3, 13 min , 11.6mb)




                         THE WEEK AHEAD
                         Congress adjourned on Wednesday, Dec. 19 for the holidays. The House
                         will reconvene on Jan. 15 and the Senate will reconvene on Jan. 22.




                           www.americanprogress.org I contact us: stateprogress(^americanproaress.org unsubscribe




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0008901
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ceonews                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                  From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) ( govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Friday, December 21, 2007 8:35 AM
                  To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: ceonews - December 2007/January 2008




                  From : Chief Executives Organization [mailto:ceonews@ceo.org]
                  Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 2:03 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: ceonews - December 2007/January 2008




                  A monthly e- newsletter for members                                                                   JANUARY 200

                                                                               I                    f
                                                                         CEO Tums 50!
                                                                         Rocks & Crocs College - Open for Family
                   2008 Winter Games in St. Moritz -             Registrations
                   Register Now                                          Executive Health Seminar - Give the Gift of Longevity
                                  Join CEO and Penny                     Florence University & Symposiums - Immerse
                                  Pitou, an Olympic              Yourself in Italian Culture
                                  double silver medalist                 New CEOer Augie Nieto Pursues a Quest to Cure
                                  who has led dozens of          ALS
                                  ski trips in the Alps, for
                                  the 2008 CEO Winter
                   Games from 22 February - 1 March            CEO Turns 50!
                  2008 . Led by Hosts Don and Melrose
                   Burr, the games will be held in the                         2008 will mark CEO's 50th Anniversary , and well
                                                                               be celebrating 50 years of leadership , friendships,
                   elegant old -world resort of St. Moritz,
                                                                               and experiences throughout the year - from
                   Switzerland . Nestled 6 ,000 feet high
                  in the Swiss Alps, St. Moritz is                             creative socials at upcoming events to record
                  magnified by a snow-covered lake                             gatherings for the Universal Membership
                  that forms a massive scenic                                  Celebration to a grand celebration at the Florence
                  foreground. It is considered the best                        University closing ceremonies . Please keep an eye
                  in off-piste and/or long cruise skiing                       out for all anniversary celebration announcements,
                  on five major mountains . With a "dry,                       and be part of CEO's 50th year! For more
                  sparkling champagne climate" and                             information , please contact CEO Director of
                  cosmopolitan ambience , the famous                           Marketing/Communications Summer Amin at
                  town also features a variety of shops                        301.280 .2552. more
                  and hotels , comprehensive scope of
                  non-skiing activities and diver se food                                                                       _J
                  and entertainment. For more
                                                               Rocks & Crocs College - Open for Family Registrations
                  information , contact CEO Associate
                  Events Manager Maria Sheffler at                             CEO members , spouses/guests, and adult children
                  301.280.2548.                                                (ages 20+) are invited to explore the remote
                                                                               coastline of the Kimberley region in northern West
                                                                               Australia aboard the luxurious Orion with College
                  IN MEMORIAM
                                                                               Chairs Ross & Fiona Adler . From 9- 18 June 2008,
                                 CEO member                                    you will make daily landfalls by Zodiac to get a
                                 Lawrence "Larry" S.                           closer look at breathtaking sandstone cliffs, steep
                                 L. Ching ; Honolulu,                          bluffs , and dramatic gorges ; helicopter to the
                                 Hawaii USA; YPO                               Mitchell Falls to swim in the freshwater pool; walk
                                 Class of 1986; passed                         to caves to view aboriginal rock art paintings said
                                 away 21 August 2007.                          to be 60,000 years old; watch a whole reef appear



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0008902
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ceonews                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 3


                   Click here to view the obituary.                                        out of a flat blue sea, and more. more

                   IN MEMORIAM                                         Executive Health Seminar - Give the Gift of Longevity
                                 CEO member Michael                                       Next month , retreat with your spouse to the
                                 D. Muth ; Sheboygan,                                     foothills of the Sonoran Desert for seven days of
                                 Wisconsin USA; YPO                                       tranquility with fellow CEOers and a team of top
                                 Class of 1993 ; passed                                   medical experts . Hosted by Chairs Jim and Mimi
                                 away 14 November                                         Murphy and Don and Jean Wolf, CEO's Executive
                                 2007. Click here to                                      Health Seminars offer a one -of-a-kind experience
                   view the obituary.                                                     with individual coaches dedicated to customizing a
                                                                                          wellness program and providing vital care that will
                                                                                          get participants started on the road to a better
                                                                                          body, healthy outlook , and stress-free mind. more

                                                                       Florence University & Symposiums - Immerse Yourself in
                                                                       Italian Culture
                                                                                          Join University Chairs Simonetta and Momi
                                                                                          Brandolini d 'Adda on a once-in-a-lifetime
                                                                                          experience as they draw you into their Florence
                                                                                          through private tours, unique off-sites, and grand
                                                                                          socials that evoke the city's elegant past and bright
                                                                                          future . Within exclusive venues opened just for
                                                                                          CEO, the Chairs will introduce you to "Studia
                                                                                          Humanitatis" and show you how to use learning to
                                                                                          fulfill yourself. more


                                                                    LtL
                                                                       New CEOer Augie Nieto Pursues a Quest to Cure ALS
                                                                                          CEOer Auaie Nieto recently appeared on the NBC
                                                                                          'oday" show to publicize his fight against ALS
                                                                                          (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis), more commonly
                                                                                          known as Lou Gehrigh 's disease. He launched
                                                                                          Augie's Quest , an organization dedicated to raising
                                                                                          awareness and research funds for finding a cure
                                                                                          for ALS , when he was diagnosed in March 2005.
                                                                                          His active role in the fight against ACS - a
                                                                                          neuromuscular disease that leads to respiratory
                                                                                          failure - has taken center stage more recently with
                                                                                          his book release , Augie's Quest., One Man's
                                                                                          Journey from Success to Significance. In the next
                                                                                          few weeks, Augie will be providing all CEOers with
                                                                                          a complimentary copy of his compelling story.

                                                                                          Augie's success began at age 19 when he bought
                                                                                          the marketing rights to the Lifecycle exercise bike,
                                                                                          the first of its kind in the fitness industry . In 1980,
                                                                                          he co-founded Lifecycle , Inc., now called Life
                                                                                          Fitness, Inc., which became the largest
                                                                                          commercial manufacturer of fitness equipment in
                                                                                          the world. more




                 Add inford)ceo.oro, ceonewsAceo. oro, and cceoheadauartersAceo.ora to your list of allowed senders, to ensure that a-mails you receive from
                 CEO are not blocked by SPAM filters.

                  Forgot your Usemame or Password? Contact Senior Software Development Manager William Kalata.

                                                              CHIEF EXECUTIVES ORGANIZATION
                                            7920 Norfolk Avenue, Suite 400, Bethesda Maryland 20814 -2507 USA



                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008903
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ceonews                                                                                     Page 3 of 3


                                         T : 1.301. 656.9220 F : 1.301 .656.9221 E : infoRceo.orp
                                                               www.ceo.org



                                                     Unsubscribe from this mailing list




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0008904
