Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=RP RUARO]
              Sent:                   Friday, December21, 2007 12:40 PM
              To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Budget Numbers for Alaska Marine Highway System


              Governor:



              In a change to a more open approach, AMHS has started meeting with legislators and
              community leaders to discuss the budget and operating plan for the ferry system in the FY
              09 operating budget.  Issues related to the AMHS budget and operating plan may start
              appearing in news stories or generating phone calls to the Governor's Office.



              OPERATING BUDGET NUMBERS - AMES




              FY07 actual                        $147.9

              FY08 managemnt plan                $137.9

              FY09 gov' s proposed budget       $138.5



             The good news as set out in the budget numbers for AMHS is this administration has been
             able to not only stop the rapid rate of escalation in costs for running AMHS that we
             inherited from the previous administration but we have operated at cost levels
             significantly lower than the FY 07 actual amounts. (There may be a supplemental for FY 08
             from AMHS but I do not believe it is much greater than $1.0 million - I will try to
             confirm with Karen)



             Unfortunately, there is little management can do to reduce or even hold steady their two
             main costs, fuel and labor, (both of these costs have been increasing). Savings are often
             achieved with operation changes and schedule changes that reduce service levels to
             communities.



             When operation changes are implemented, they often combine with the fact that every year,
             different vessels will be in for major repairs (every ship in the fleet is on a 3 year
             rotation schedule for major repairs. This means it is almost certain that a different
             area of Alaska will see significant service reductions every year.



             This year , it was the Prince William Sound area that saw the Aurora go in for major
             repairs to its car deck .  The service reductions caused mayors, citizens , etc., to protest
             pretty loudly.



             Next year, (2008) it is Southwest Alaska (Kodiak, Homer, Seldovia) where the Tustemena is
             going in for about 5-6 months of repairs in the winter. The Kennecott is the only vessel
             available to replace it on those runs. The Kennecott is 3-4 times as expensive to
                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0008917
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             operate. AMHS could not completely replace the service levels the Tustemena was providing
             to Southwest Alaska and stay on budget.



             AMHS's operating plan balances the need for reasonable budget amounts with the need to
             provide as much service as possible. (In fact, AMHS general fund amount for FY 09 is very
             close to the general fund number recommended by MTAB - but it was not possible to squeeze
             the increase in service levels out of the budget that MTAB wanted)



             We should expect a lot of complaints and phone calls, but AMHS' managers have a budget and
             operating plan in place that does the best they could reasonably do.



             Let me know if you would like to see details of the operating plan and service level
             decreases by community.

             Randy




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Siroky, Mary P (DOT)

             Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2007 9:50 AM

             To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

             Cc: Hardy, Dennis L (DOT); Slagle, Nancy J (DOT); Leary, Richard D (DOT)

             Subject:   Numbers for amhs




             Here are the numbers that you requested .   AMHS has a good story to tell in this arena.



             FY07 actual $147.9

             FY08 managemnt plan $137.9

             FY09 gov's proposed budget $138.5



             As you can see the uncontrolled increases where brought under control in FY08 and that is
             reflected in the very small increase seen in the FY09 proposed budget.




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008918
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1




                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                    From:      John Katz [jwkatz©ALASKADC.orgl
                    Sent:      Friday, December 21, 2007 11:00 AM
                    To:        Governor Sarah Palin
                    Cc:        Michael Tibbles
                    Subject: Hamel's Response


                   I don't want to protract our current dialogue with Mr. Hamel, but I feel obligated to
                   forward his personal response to you (attached). I haven't given him your email
                   address.

                   Below, is my recent advice to DNR and the Alaska Fire Marshall about how to
                   handle the current situation:

                          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                  The responses I have received seem to confirm this approach.


                  Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                  jwkatz(alaskadc.org. Thank you .




                  .6/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0008919
