  Unknown

   From :   Ivy Frye [ivyfrye@yahoo.com]
   Sent:    Tuesday, April 08, 2008 9:53 AM
  To:       Ivy Frye; Sarah Palin; Todd Palin; Frank Bailey; Kris Perry; Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Anders; Bruce F
            (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
   Subject : Re: AGIA



  Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com> wrote:

    In my inexpert opinion, I think we can capitalize on BP/Conoco's announcement to build
    a pipeline--it shows the competitive AGIA process is working. We are closer now to a
    pipeline either via Transcanada or Conoco/BP and an in-state line NOT because we
    conceded to the wishes of the Big 3, but because we didn't.

    The previous administration wanted to give away the farm to the Big 3 but the project
    didn't materlialize and Alaskans and the legislature weren 't brought along. Because of
    AGIA three serious pipeline projects are being considered.

    Also, I was impressed with Beth voting against the resolution to expand the call
    (Doogan, Gatto, Seaton were the others). She hit the nail on the head with her
    comments--that the resolution is a way to derail AGIA. Perhaps a good msg for the
    gasline team to capitalize on. She'll be an ally, I believe, in special session.

   One of the few House members to vote against the resolution, Minority Leader Beth
   Kerttula, D-Juneau, charged Monday that some lawmakers were using the resolution to
   try to derail the AGIA process.
   "I've seen a lot of aspersions and demagoguery and confusion and subterfuge used in the
   last week," she said at a news conference. "My protest vote was to say, `We're not going
   to let this get derailed' - at least I'm not going to."
   Kerttula refused to give names but said later she thought there were lawmakers who
   wanted the AGIA process to fail and were using the resolution as a "smokescreen." She
   said she was concerned lawmakers would put all the focus on a smaller line and then say
   they couldn't go ahead with the TransCanada line.

   You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total
   Access, No Cost.



  You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No
  Cost.




                                                                                                 ROSTON 01908

  10/14/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
