Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                    Monday, December 24, 2007 7:39 AM
             To:                      'sieversheather@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Health-Care


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Sunday, December 23, 2007 8:14 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Health-Care




             Web mail from; Ms. Heather Sievers

             address: 4442 Lauesen Ave. North Pole AK 99705

               907-488-1996




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Mrs .   Palin,




              Hello my name is Heather Sievers I would like to ask if there is any way I could help the
             people of Fairbanks and hopefully one day all of Alaska with a critical need I feel our
             people can no longer do without. I was born in 1978. A month after I was born I was
             critically ill. I was in and out of the hospital until I was a year old. The condition I
             was diagnosed was Type One not Two but One Diabetes. The night the doctor finally
             diagnosed me I was on my fathers floor of the truck flopping around. Then went into a
             coma. I should of died. But to the grace of god I lived. The only way my parents survived
             all my medical bills, doctor visits every month, hospital stays, and my whole ordeal about
             taking on this disease as a person was my father Kevin Hile was stationed in the military.
             My medical was paid for. Until I turned eight-teen. After that my life has gone down
             hill.  I could no longer aford my medical expenses .  I'm thousands of dollars in dedt. I
             use to be told I'll beat this

             disease . Now all the doctors tell me I'm gonna die. See my father was stationed up here
             in 1989. So no I wasn't born here but haven't left since then. I love Alaska it's my home.
             I have two biological daughters Ezabelle and Savannah. I also have a son but he's my step
             son I've tooken care of him since he was four months old. In having this disease I've
             learned a lot about it and recieved some sickening complications. I've lost my eye sight,
             my heart has many complications, feeling, depression, I've had my urethra sliced open then
             closed again, doctors say my kidneys are okay but thats the number one complication in
             diabetics. I've had my thyroid removed, my tubes tied, now I have to have.'surgery again to
             fix a hunia. Every year I've had to get something done. I delay going to the doctors as
             much as I can. I'm twenty-nine and have the state of Alaska paying for a majority of my
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0008945
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              medical. My one question is how can I find a physician that will help me with this disease
              because I'v

              e been through hell trying to get in to s!

              ee a doctor. First my original doctor at Tanana Valley Clinic in Fairbanks resigned. So
              I tried to find a Endocronologist here in Alaska and come to find out we only have one.
              She is located in Anchorage. I have tried to get into seeing her but every time either I
              couldn't get medicaid to get me a flight or set up to see her I was denied. I tried this
              summer and it was hell. I went down with my friend had two-hundred dollars. Tried for a
              hotel found one and when we went to my appointment they gave my room up to someone else
              and told me to find somewhere else. My friend knew some family there and we had a place to
              stay.    But my mother in law and father in law where down there and couldn't get a room
              anywhere so they stayed in there van. Sixty year olds shouldn't have to do that. Well next
              day went to my appointment to find out that the doctor wasn 't there but her nurse would
              see me .   They checked my sugars before I went in they were 32 . I waited an hour and a half
              before I was abl

              e to raise them. When I got back to Moose Creek I never wanted to go back. Ever since I've
              been looking for a doctor. Right now I'm able to see a nurse practitioner.    If it wasn't
              for her I wouldn't know that my brittle diabetes is killing me.   So please respond back
              with any advice on what I can do for those of us that don't have the medical assisstance
              that we need . Thank you for your time. Heather Sievers



              sieversheather@yahoo.com




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI_0008946
