Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Monday, December 24, 2007 8:20 AM
              To:                     faelucky@netscape.net
              Subject:                RE: Elections


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 8:47 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




              Web mail from: Mike n Maka Fairman

              address: 3813 Forest Glen Dr. Homer AK 99603

               907-235-6860




              MESSAGE:

              Our Dearest Mrs. Palin;




               My wife and I would like to thank you for such a fine job and such a great personality
             you have given back to us regular citizens. You know, the ones that comprise the majority
             of this state, but are less the money it seems to take to even be able to help ourselves
             in these trying times. Madam Governor, we truly think it would put a real bad mark on
             your flawless career were you to join up with any one but one that shares your INTEGRITY,
             HONESTY, and PROFESSIONAL WISDOM! If you really are the upstanding and truly humanitarian
             person you appear to be, and we really believe you are, Rudy Giuliani, or any one like him
             would be a very bad mistake! We believe this country has.had it's full/up of unreliable
             and dishonest people that take the rest of us for fools and for what-ever reason, don't
             seem to have the gumption to take us forward as we believe you would and certainly could.
             We dare to say madam, YOU SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT! You are a true leader and a very
             kindly person.  Ho

             wever; if a vice were your intention, if/when, Ron Paul is also a great humanitarian and
             seems to carry the same weight with the PEOPLE that you do! Oh, he is also a republican.

               We don't care for party lines. It seems to follow the old adage,"Divide               and Conquer".
             We will always announce you to others as "A wise humanitarian with buckets              full of honesty
             and sincerity".  Please forgive me for carrying on but after we heard that              they, whoever
             they are, are considering running you with Rudy; well, we just had to have              our say to you
             as citizens of this country. With like kind, we truly believe you can take              this country
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 0008938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             where we need to be as a whole nation . With Rudy, your support would surely diminish to a
             point that trust would be a question in our lives AGAIN!?



             Thank You for listening

             Peace and Love

             Mike n Maka Fairman




             faelucky@netscape.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0008939
