Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Monday, December 24, 2007 8:27 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject : FW: Dcemebr 21, 2007 E-News




                 From : Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                 Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 4:36 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Dcemebr 21, 2007 E-News




                 Alaska State Chamber of
                 Commerce
                 December 21, 2007 E-News

                 Alaska State Chamber Adopts Legislative Priorities
                 The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce has adopted its five legislative priorities for the
                 upcoming session:
                            Consistent land use and permitting process for resource development
                            Encourage progress on a natural gas pipeline
                            Development of an energy policy for Alaska
                            Develop a comprehensive fiscal plan
                            A strategic economic development plan for Alaska

                 More than 65 State Chamber members considered over 35 proposals to come up with the five
                 priorities. In addition to these priorities, the State Chamber has taken a position on a number of
                 other critical issues facing the State of Alaska. The board ratified both the priorities and positions
                 at its meeting Friday, November 30 in Anchorage.

                 The legislative priorities will be delivered to all sixty members of the State Legislature and the
                 Governor. "These priorities will serve as the cornerstone of our advocacy efforts with the
                 legislature during the upcoming session," said Wendy Lindskoog, Chair of the State Chamber.

                 State Chamber members employ the vast majority of private sectors workers. Action on our five
                 priorities will remove barriers to job creation and create opportunities for business development.
                 For more information on the priorities and positions adopted by the State Chamber, visit our web
                 site

                              Alaska Statehood Commission Events and Meetings
                 The next meeting of the Alaska Statehood Celebration Commission is Thursday January 3, 2008,


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0008947
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


                 I0:00am-12:00pm in the Governors Conference room at 550 West 7th Ave., Suite 1700, Anchorage.
                 Teleconference number 1-800-315-6338, participation code #7450.

                 That afternoon, the Statehood Commission invites you to the kick-off for the 50th Year Celebration of
                 Statehood and the unveiling of the Statehood Celebration license plates. It is set for January 3 from 1-
                 2:30pm right after the Commission meetings at the Anchorage Museum-Alaska Gallery.

                 The Alaska Statehood Celebration Commission is established to research, plan and prepare to celebrate
                 Alaska's 50th anniversary of admission as the 49th state of the United States of America. The
                 Commissions vision is to Honor our history, celebrate our future. They want Alaska's 50th Anniversary
                 Celebration to inspire the people of our great state, and across the world, to rejoice in Alaska's past,
                 present, and future.

                 Melissa Stepovich, Co-chair of the Alaska Statehood Commission in the Governor's Fairbanks office has
                 extended an invitation to Alaska State Chamber members and local Chamber representatives to
                 participate in the Commission's meetings to plan the celebration of the fiftieth year of Statehood.

                 For more information, contact
                 Colleen Sullivan-Leonard, Coordinator
                 Alaska Statehood Celebration Commission
                 550 West 7th, Suite 1700
                 Anchorage, AK 99501
                 Office-269-7456
                 Fax-269-7461

                 Wishing a Happy Holiday Season to all of our Members
                 As the holiday season arrives, we send our best wishes for a holly, jolly holiday season, and a
                 prosperous New Year. We appreciate the support of our members and those who volunteer so much of
                 their time to help us make the Alaska State Chamber, a strong voice for Alaska business. We wish you
                 all the best in the coming year. Thank you for your support.

                 Small Business Responds to Call for Nominations
                 Of Federal Rules In Need Of Review and Reform
                 December 31 Deadline For Nominations

                      WASHINGTON , D.C. - Small businesses and their representatives have eagerly responded to the
                 Office of Advocacy' s call for nominations of federal rules in need of review and reform . Nominations
                 have been received from across the country since the announcement of the Regulatory Review and
                 Reform (r3) initiative.

                      "We are excited about the initial response to our r3 initiative," said Thomas M. Sullivan, Chief
                 Counsel for Advocacy. " Clearly, small business owners are concerned about the burden placed on them
                 by regulations that may be outdate or unwieldy . More importantly, they are doing more than
                 complaining ; the small business community is making constructive suggestions for how to improve
                 current rules."

                        Advocacy research shows that complying with all federal regulations now costs our economy $1.1
                 trillion per year - more per household than the cost of healthcare. The smallest of businesses bear the
                 brunt of the business regulations. They annually pay 45 percent more per employee to comply with


                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008948
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                 federal regulations than big businesses do.

                      The Office of Advocacy of the U. S. Small Business Administration is still seeking nominations of
                 federal rules in need of review and reform . The "Top 10" rules nominated by small business owners,
                 trade associations , and others will be transmitted to appropriate federal agencies for review and reform.

                     Nominate regulations needing review and reform by visiting the Office of Advocacy r3 website at
                 www.sba.gov/advo/r3, by sending an email to advocacy@ sba.gov, or by calling Keith Holman at (202)
                 205-6936. Nominations are due by December 31, 2007.

                       The r3 initiative addresses many of the issues raised in a recent GAO report, Reexamining
                 Regulations: Opportunities Exist to Improve Effectiveness and Transparency of Retrospective Reviews.
                 The report spotlighted implementation of section 610 of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, which mandates
                 that agencies periodically examine their existing regulations to measure changing impacts on small
                 business.

                      The Office of Advocacy, the "small business watchdog" of the federal government , examines the
                 role and status of small business in the economy and independently represents the views of small
                 business to federal agencies, Congress, and the President. It is the source for small business statistics
                 presented in user-friendly formats , and it funds research into small business issues.



                 The Office of Advocacy of the U. S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is an independent voice for
                 small business within the federal government. The presidentially appointed Chief Counsel for
                 Advocacy advances the views, concerns, and interests of small business before Congress, the White
                 House, federal agencies , federal courts, and state policy makers. For more information, visit
                 www.sba.gov/advo, or call (202) 205-6533.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0008949
