Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, December 24, 2007 8:11 AM
              To:                     'absm iler@gci. net
              Subject:                RE: Elections


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in.this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Saturday, December 22, 2007 9:56 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




             Web mail from: Karenza Schuller

              address: 4405 Abby Way Juneau AK 99801

               425-344-1024




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,




             Since my last letter to you, several things have happened to me. I sent you a letter
             describing injury incidents and complications with health coverage.   That letter was sent
             on 12/20/2006.   Today is 12/22/2006.  On Friday the 21st I went to the division of
             Retirement and Benefits.   I was able to sit down with someone and discuss my concerns. As
             it turns out, the woman I have been dealing with at Premera Blue Cross misquoted
             information to me.   When I received the COBRA enrollment papers, I read them very
             carefully.  At that time I read and understood that you cannot make partial payments for
             your monthly premiums.   When I called and spoke with this woman she said, "We understand
             that if you are on COBRA it means that you are not employed. We accept partial payments
             and keep a running balance for you. As long as you make regular monthly payments, your
             coverage will remain active." So, of course, I listened to the insurance company. I have
             made regular monthly payments for covera

             ge that began in February 2007. While at DRB I was told that the information I was given
             was simply incorrect.   I am now expected to come up with over $8000.00 immediately to
             continue coverage.   Also, if I am unable to come up with the premiums, Premera will take
             back all monies payed to my health care providers. Once they take back all of those
             payments, I am quite sure I will no longer be able to continue with my current treatment
             plan for the injuries I sustained in 2006. My condition has already become chronic. No
             treatments will ensure it becomes permanent.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008940
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I also followed up with Occupational Disability. They informed me that when I cashed out
              the small amount I had in PERS ( to pay for insurance premiums and prescriptions) I lost
              membership . No one had ever told me what " membership " meant . I had no idea there were
              any other benefits besides monetary .   I asked if I could pay back that money and was told
              I could if I returned to work .  Again , these injuries have left me disabled . So there is
              no help for me there . I hope someone is reviewing this situation. The system has some
              serious flaws that need to be addresses.



              Very sincerely again,

              Karenza Schuller

              425-344-1024




              absmiler@gci.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0008941
