Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, December 24, 2007 8:25 AM
              To:                     'tamistikes@gmail.com'
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 7:32 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Tami Bowman

              address: 4449 Columbia Blvd Juneau AK 9981

               907-523-5451




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin -




              My name is Tami Bowman. I am a mother of two, and I have been a licensed childcare
              provider in Juneau for almost one year. Many of the families I work with depend on child-
              care assistance to be able to afford quality, regulated care for their.children so that
              they can

              work. Childcare assistance is a great benefit to the modest and low-income families in
              Juneau to whom the real cost of child- care is an overwhelming financial burden.



              Unfortunately, I have heard that the hard working, dedicated child-care providers in

              the state of Alaska have not had a raise in wages in 8 years. I understand this is because
              the state of Alaska has not increased its allocation for childcare assistance in since the
              year 2000.  Although I realize I haven't been in the business that long, I believe it
              because the maximum amount the State of Alaska will pay today for infant Child care is $65
              less than what I paid at a facility for my daughter in 2001. I also had to supply food
              for her until she was over 1 year old. My rates are slightly higher than what the state
              allocates for childcare (and I still charge less than what I paid for my daughter AND I
              provide food).  This means parents have to pay the difference between my rates and the
              state's rates, and it is one more expense that these families cannot afford. The process
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008934
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              in which the state decides how much funding they will allocate for the next year's
              assistance is a very flawed process . The state bases future allocations on a survey taken
              of childcare providers' r

              ates . Last year they picked a date - July 18th I believe - for us to be ready to answer
              questions for.  They asked me how many children were in care and for how long that day,
              how many were on assistance and what my rates were .  I base my rates on what the state
              will pay, so that my parents don't have the extra burden of coming up with extra money
              they don't have just to pay me.



              If I raise my rates , my clients will go where there is less financial burden .   If I don't
              raise my rates , I will not be able to afford my home for much longer .   So it is no
              surprise to me that facilities are closing .   In 2001 , I had a home with a mortgage of
              $130,000 . I now have a $285 , 000 mortgage for a home with one more bedroom and a smaller
              yard than I had before .  How can a person keep a childcare facility open with the cost of
              living going up as it is?



              In addition to being under - funded , there are serious flaws in the way the child-care
              assistance monies are regulated. If the parent needs full- time childcare and is working
              full- time , authorizations should be for full- time childcare not "16 full time days
              attendance , unless the child attends more, in which case the full- time enrollment amount

             will be paid". This sort of an authorization gives the provider no idea at all what will
             be paid until the beginning of the next month when they are paid . In fact , the parent's
             full co- pay is due at the beginning of the month and with an attendance authorization, the
             provider cannot know what to charge as the parent will have to pay for any missed days.



             The state will only pay for the days the child attends care . This seems reasonable at
             first glance but it is actually a policy with terrible implications. For example, if a
             child doesn ' t attend care for one or several days due to illness or some other family
             emergency , the state will not subsidize care for those days . So the parent misses a day of
             work and has to pay the full day's rate of care that, day. Parents should not be denied
             childcare funding because they have sick kids and could not go to work or school . Denial
             for childcare funding due to circumstances beyond the control of the parent such as sick
             children or if they themselves are sick or for other reasons unable to work is just plain
             wrong . It is a financial double whammy for low- income parents.




             The other obvious implication of this misguided policy is that parents consistently bring
             their sick children to childcare to avoid the financial expense of keeping them home.
             This , of course , is not what is best for a sick child and is also endangering the health
             of

             the other children in care as well as the health of the childcare provider. And if a child
             is particularly sickly and misses several days a month, it is a balance the parent is
             often not able to pay.



             This leaves me, as the provider , with the choice of either eating the loss of income
             (which is what most often happens ), or discontinuing care for that child, which still
             leaves me unpaid . So I ask this , why is child-care for low-income families being
             subsidized on the

             backs of the states hard-working, dedicated child-care providers? My bills don't go down
             because I was sick for two weeks or if I go on vacation, so why should my income go down
             because someone else 's child is sick or their family pays for them to come visit for the
             holidays?
                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008935
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I have a family of my own .    By default the state is asking me to subsidize the care for
              Alaska ' s young children . I cannot create a household budget because I rarely get paid what
              I charge my people who use childcare assistance because the bureaucracy doesn ' t allow it
              and people on assistance count on that assistance and cannot afford to pay the extra
              expense when their children are sick . Should I not accept low - income children into my care
              and only provide these valuable spots for parents that are able to pay out - of-pocket? (At
              least then , I would not be working without pay and subsidizing a problem that is not
              mine ).   Should we have a childcare hierarchy where the valuable , regulated , licensed
              childcare spots are reserved for parents who are able to pay without assistance , leaving
              parents who are dependent on assistance to leave their kids home with the neighbor, or in
              unregulated care? Any way you look at it, the state is going to end up paying to support
              these families.



              I keep hearing about a childcare crisis in Juneau. I believe people living in Juneau will
              continue to have problems finding quality childcare if childcare providers continue to
              have problems being adequately compensated for their work. The childcare assistance

              bureaucracy is a mess and does not do enough to assist the parents who need it or the
              providers who bill it. These rules and regulations that do not allow parents to receive
              the funding they need for childcare and delay or prevent childcare providers from
              receiving payment for services rendered are a major reason for the crisis in childcare in
              Juneau.




              Please hear my plea and that of other daycare providers .   We need help and we need it
              soon !  You are a mother of young children , and I know you understand as a parent how
              important quality child care is . for ALL families . Please use some of your " Budget
              Surplus " to re-do the childcare assistance system so that low - income families can afford
              to work , and so that we can continue to provide quality , regulated care for them.



              Thank you for your time in considering this urgent matter.



              Sincerely,




             Tami J Bowman

             Owner /Provider

             Tami's Tikes Licensed Childcare




             tamistikesegmail.com




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0008936
