Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) []O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
             Sent:                   Monday, December 24, 2007 8:36 AM
             To:                     Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Wildlife Danger in Anchorage




             -----Original Message-----

             From: DAVID & DONNA WILLIAMS [mailto:dwilli7269@ak.net]

             Sent: Friday,   December 21, 2007 10:07 AM

             To: DFG, Commissioner (DFG sponsored)

             Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

             Subject: Wildlife Danger in Anchorage




             Wolfs are killing pets and confronting humans in the Anchorage area and no one is doing
             anything to stop it. This increasing danger to the safety of our residents and pets has
             gone too far and must be contained now before someone get hurt or killed. It has already
             escalated to the point where yesterday a pack of wolfs surrounded three local women
             walking their pets and attacked one of their dogs.




             ADF&G Mission Statement

             To protect, maintain, and improve the fish, game, and aquatic plant resources of the
             state, and manage their use and development in the best interest of the economy and the
             well-being of the people of the state,

             consistent with the sustained yield principle.



             This situation is out of control. What is Fish and Game doing to protect the "well-being
             of the people of the state" that reside in Anchorage from this wildlife danger?



             Dave Williams




                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0008960
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



                   Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:    Rodger Painter [rodgerpainter©hotmail.com]
                   Sent:    Monday, December 24, 2007 10:28 AM
                   To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                   Cc:      Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Ryan; Kristin J (DEC)
                   Subject: PSP funding




                 6/9/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 _0008961
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                         AlaSka Shellfish
                                                   vrowers
                                                   ASSOCIATION
                                                                                         992mi,

                       December 24, 2007

                       Honorable Sarah Palin
                       P.O. Box 110001
                       Juneau, AK 99811-0001

                       Dear Governor Palin:

                               Considering the high cost of energy, lack of infrastructure, limited labor pool and
                       very high cost of operation, running a business in rural Alaska can be quite a challenge.
                       This is particularly true in emerging industries where new obstacles are encountered
                       around every comer. The last thing a rural entrepreneur needs is the state government
                       pushing their heads under water.
                               Unfortunately, the "mom and pop" operations comprising the membership of the
                       Alaskan Shellfish Growers Association find themselves in the position of being put out of
                       business by the same government that is promising to help us develop one of Alaska's
                       most promising opportunities to create new year-round businesses and employment. The
                       state constitution even supports development of a responsible aquaculture industry, but
                       that's not what we're feeling as we face state-imposed user fees that will put us out of
                       business.
                               If the State of Alaska wants to help rural coastal communities strengthen
                       economies battered by the loss of the timber industry and shrinking fishing and seafood
                       processing opportunities it shouldn't work to foreclose promising new economic
                       opportunities before they even get off the ground.
                               For the past five years we have been trying to convince the state to resume
                       funding tests on shellfish for presence of paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP), but we've
                       only been successful at temporarily keeping the program funded. But, these fixes are
                       about to expire and we're looking at funding PSP testing through user fees that are so
                       high that they will put at least half of existing shellfish farms out of business.
                              This includes my own farm, Tenass Pass Shellfish Company, which has been in
                       business for the past 20 years. If the fees were in place this summer, I would have had to
                       pay $250 per week to the DEC lab to sell $1,000 worth of oysters and clams, or 25
                       percent of my gross revenues. No small rural Alaska business can survive if the state
                       takes one-fourth of its gross receipts before bills are paid for labor, fuel, freight, and
                                       Rodger Painter, president · P.O. Box 20704 Juneau, AK 99802-0704
                                    Phone: (907) 957-0704 · Fax: (907) 586-1097 · rodgerpainter@hotmail.com




                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0008962
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       materials, etc. For us it is as simple as looking at our already red bottom line and seeing
                       the new fees would have doubled our losses last year.
                                If we have to close our operation, Naukati will lose two full-time, year-round jobs
                       and the $50,000 a year we spend in the community. You'll see this repeated in another
                       two dozen farms scattered between Prince of Wales and Prince William Sound. While
                       this may not be an economic emergency, these lost jobs and future potential are painful in
                       an area like rural Southeast that is projected to lose 25 percent of its population by 2030.
                                As you can see from the attached resolution of the Southeast Conference, the PSP
                       program also is widely regarded by coastal residents as an important state service
                       designed to help protect public health. Every shellfish-producing state in the country
                       provides free PSP testing of commercial harvests to ensure widespread compliance with
                       monitoring programs except Alaska. As the population the most at risk of getting sick or
                       dying of PSP, Alaskans deserve the same level of public health protection as other states.
                                We respectfully request you reconsider your administration's decision to not
                       include PSP testing as a general fund expenditure. We hope to be able to count on your
                       administration as being supportive of shellfish farming.,
                                We are confident the legislature will insert the $80,000 in general funds to support
                       this vital public health service if DEC just supports the proposal. So far, the agency has
                       remained neutral on the issue.
                                While we understand your determination to hold the line on state spending, this
                       small incremental expenditure certainly is well within the reach of the state to fund at a
                       time when Alaska is enjoying billions of dollars in surplus revenues.
                                Thank you for considering this request.




                        Rodger Painter
                        ASGA President

                                      c.c.     Cora Crome, governor's office
                                               Larry Hartig and Kristen Ryan, ADEC
                                               ASGA members




                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0008963
