Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROU P/CN=RECI PIENTS/C N=FTBAI LEY]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 3:20 PM
              To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Cc:                     Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Approve Final Draft Board Release


              Dan's been dogged in the process of writing and pushing them through to completion. Lots
              and lots of detail. Huge kudos.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarahoyahoo.com <gov.saraheyahoo.com>

              To: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Saddler,
              Daniel R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              Sent: Wed Dec 26 15:10:54 2007

              Subject: Re: Approve Final Draft Board Release



              Excellent work on this huge list, all. Thanks! Looks good and is ready to go. (I'm
              reading a hard copy that Frank just gave me). Thanks guys.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Leschper , Beth (GOV)" <beth. leschper@alaska.gov>



              Date: Wed, 26 Dec 2007 15:01:53

              To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
              <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Approve Final Draft Board Release




             Governor:




             We are planning to send the attached release out shortly.
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0008985
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Frank , Dan and I have all looked over this final version.




              Beth Leschper




              907-465-3443




              907-723-1321




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              No. 07-247




              December 26, 2007




              Governor Palin Announces Board Appointments




              Rehabilitation, Workers ' Compensation , Natural Resources




              ANCHORAGE, Alaska-Governor Sarah Palin today announced a number of

                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              appointments to state boards and commissions including those responsible

              for compensation of injured workers and fishermen, vocational training

              for Alaskans with disabilities, workforce investment, natural resources

              conservation and development, boating safety, state parks, rural

              transportation and suicide prevention.




              "Alaska is blessed to have so many people from every region of the state

              who are willing to volunteer their time and labor to these public boards

              and commissions," Governor Palin said. "I appreciate the service of

              these new and returning board members, and wish them every success in

              their work on behalf of Alaskans."




              Governor's Committee on Employment and Rehabilitation



              of People with Disabilities




              Governor Palin appointed Ronald Broome, Joyanna Geisler, Grant L.

              Jackson, Hermann J. Tuna Scanlan, Patrick Shallcross and Lisa A. Smith

              to the Governor's Committee on Employment and Rehabilitation of People

              with Disabilities.




             The Committee supports Alaskans with disabilities by helping provide

              rehabilitation and employment services , advising the state on ways to

             provide assistive technology and services, securing federal vocational

              rehabilitation funds, and creating statewide interest in employment and

              rehabilitation.    Members represent the broad array of state public,
                                                             3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              private and nonprofit services and advocacy organizations serving

              Alaskans with disabilities.




              Broome , of Anchorage , sells specialty hospital equipment , and has long

              been involved in community services for employment of people with

              disabilities .     He has served as a micro - enterprise developer for the

              University of Alaska ' s Center for Human Development , on a state steering

              committee on customized employment of people with disabilities, and as

              an organizer of a support group for parents whose children with

              disabilities are making school-to-work transitions .          Broome had

              previously served on the Committee from 1998 - 2001 .       He holds a

              bachelor ' s degree in labor economics from the University of Michigan.

              He was appointed to a seat reserved for an advocate for consumers of

              vocational rehabilitation services.




              Geisler ,   of Homer ,   has been executive director of the Kenai Peninsula

              Independent Living Center in Homer since 1991 .        She was director of the

              Independent Living Center program at Homer ' s Community Mental Health

              Center from 1986 - 91.     Geisler is treasurer of the State Independent

              Living Council ,    and has won the Governor ' s Award from the Governor's

              Committee on Employment and Rehabilitation of People with Disabilities.

              She holds a bachelor ' s degree in psychology from the University of Utah,

              and a special education teacher certificate from the University of

             Montana .     She was appointed to a seat reserved for a representative of

              the State Independent Living Council.




             Jackson , of Anchorage , works as a parent trainer for Stone Soup, a

                                                                 4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              nonprofit advocacy group.        He had been a case manager for Denali Family

              Services and coordinator of community support services for the Bristol

              Bay region for Hope Community Resources.        Jackson serves on the board of

              directors of the Alaska Brain Injury Network, and is a volunteer in the

              areas of behavioral health, early learning and youth. He holds a

             bachelor's degree in anthropology from Plattsburgh State University of

             New York.    He was appointed to a seat reserved for a parent trainer.




             Scanlan, of Anchorage, is director of Tribal Vocational Rehabilitation

             projects for Cook Inlet Tribal Council Inc., where he has worked as a

             vocational rehabilitation counselor.        Scanlan has extensive experience

             at the American Samoa Community College, as human services department

             chair, vocational rehabilitation counselor supervisor, staff development

             coordinator, independent living coordinator, counselor and instructor.

             He was an adjunct instructor at the University of Alaska, Anchorage.

             Scanlan holds a bachelor' s degree in rehabilitation counseling from

             Seattle University,     a master's degree in education from San Diego State

             University, and master 's and doctoral degrees in public administration

             from Golden Gate University.        He was appointed to a seat reserved for

             the director of a tribal vocational rehabilitation program.




             Shallcross, of Haines, is a community services supervisor for REACH, a

             Southeast Alaska agency advocating for employment of disabled Alaskans.

             He has owned and operated a music and book shop in Haines, and has

             worked as an airline marketing director and travel          agent .   He holds a

             bachelor's degree in sociology and criminal justice from the University

             of Northern Alabama.      He was appointed to a seat reserved for a consumer

             of vocational rehabilitation services.




                                                                 5
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Smith, of Juneau,     is a special education program manager for the Alaska

              Department of Education and Early Development.                She was a special

              education coordinator and teacher in the Aleutians East Borough School

              District, and a special education teacher in Montana .               She earned a

              bachelor' s degree in elementary and special education from the

              University of Wyoming.      She was appointed to a seat reserved for a

              representative of a state special education agency.




              Workers '   Compensation Board




              Governor Palin appointed , Don E .      Gray ,   Howard A .   Hansen ,   Michael J.

              Notar ,   Douglas L . Orcutt and Marc D .    Stemp to the Workers '        Compensation

              Board.




              The board ' s 18 members are selected from four major areas of the state,

              with half of the members representing labor and half of them

              representing management .        The board has nine three - member panels, which

              include one labor and one management member, plus an attorney hearing

              officer from the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development.

              The panels meet to hear and resolve disputed workers' compensation

              claims cases in their regions .        The full board also oversees the

             workers ' compensation system and benefit providers.



             Gray, of Anchorage , was appointed to a seat representing management on a

             panel serving Southcentral .         He is a loss control officer for ASRC

             Energy Services, the oil-field services subsidiary of Arctic Slope

                                                                     6
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Regional Corp.      He has worked for the Native corporation's energy

              companies in human resources since 2000, including positions dealing

              with loss control, workers' compensation administration and

              Health/Safety/Environmental Technology.         He earned an associate's degree

              in applied science and a bachelor' s degree in health care

              administration, both at Davenport College.




              Hansen , of Wasilla , was appointed to a seat representing labor on the

              at-large panel serving the entire state .        A heavy equipment operator and

              member of the international Union of Operating Engineers Local 302 since

              1974,     Hansen has also served as business agent and executive board

              member of the union since 2001 .       He was an instructor for the union at

              the Job Corps Center in Palmer from 1999-2001 ,          and had a 24 - year career

              as a heavy equipment operator in Alaska .        Hansen attended Palmer High

              School and earned a general equivalency diploma.




              Notar ,   of Juneau ,   was appointed to a seat representing labor on the

              panel serving Southeast Alaska .      A journeyman communications technician,

              he has been assistant business manager for the International Brotherhood

              of Electrical Workers Local 1547 since 1995 ,       was a communications

              technician for Pacific Telecom from 1979- 95, and worked as a residential

              and commercial electrician across the state .           He graduated from

              Juneau - Douglas High School, and attended Peninsula Jr. College in Port

              Angeles ,   Washington.




              Orcutt , of Anchorage , was appointed to a seat representing labor on a

              panel serving Southcentral Alaska .      Orcutt has had a 32-year career as a

              ramp service agent for Alaska Airlines in Seattle and Anchorage, and is
                                                                  7
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               a member of the International Association of Machinists Local 601.            He

               has held numerous positions in the union, including 32 years on the shop

               committee ,    a three- person panel representing union members    in discipline

               or retention matters.      He holds a bachelor' s degree in education from

               Eastern Washington State College.




               Stemp, of Fairbanks, was appointed to a seat representing management on

               a panel serving Northern Alaska. Currently executive vice president of

               planning, development and administration for Doyon, Ltd., he has 30

               years of experience working in finance and management. His work

               includes service as president/CEO of Bethel Native Corp. from 1994-2006,

               chief financial officer of Kootznoowoo, Angoon's Native village

               corporation from 1993-94 and chief financial officer of Ahtna, Inc. from

               1983-93.      Stemp served on the Workers' Compensation Board from

               1991-2006, and on the Workers' Compensation Appeals Commission from

               2005-07.      He earned a bachelor's degree in accounting from the

               University of Minnesota.




               Governor's Council on Disabilities and Special Education




               Governor Palin appointed state Rep. Wes Keller to the Governor's Council

               on Disabilities and Special Education.




                                                                8
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The council is the interdepartmental planning and coordinating agency of

              the Alaska Department of Health and Social Services and other state

              departments that offer services or special education to Alaskans who are

              disabled.     It also operates as the state disability/special education

              planning council under federal law, and works with the Alaska Mental

              Health Trust Authority on the state's integrated program for the

              mentally disabled.     At least 60 percent of the members must be people

              with disabilities,    or parents of people with disabilities.




              Keller, of Wasilla, was appointed in July to represent House District

              14, the Wasilla area , in the Alaska State Legislature. Keller served as

              chief of staff for state Sen. Fred Dyson from 1999-2007, and before that

              worked as a building contractor in Bush Alaska, an Alaska oilfield

              maintenance worker, and administrator of the Alaska Teamster's training

              center.     Keller flew,C-123 cargo planes for the Alaska Air National

              Guard in the early 1970s, and is a commercial pilot and flight

              instructor.     He earned a bachelor's degree in broad field science from

              the University of Wisconsin, Superior and holds an Alaska teacher's

              certificate.     Keller was appointed to a seat reserved for a member of

              the Alaska House of Representatives.




              Natural Resources Conservation and Development Board




              Governor Palin appointed Suzanne E. Fisler, Kristie May Parsons and

              Cheryl K. Thompson Renfrew to the Natural Resources Conservation and

              Development Board.




                                                               9
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The five-member board, comprised of land users from around the state,

              makes recommendations to the commissioner of the Alaska Department of

              Natural Resources on the orderly development of agricultural, forest and

              grazing land in the state. It also makes recommendations on the use or

              disposal of land and resources, represents the state in local, federal,

              state soil and water conservation programs, and serves as the board of

              directors for the Alaska District Soil & Water Conservation Board, for

              areas not organized into local conservation districts.




              Fisler, of Kasilof, recently retired from a 28-year career with the

              Alaska Department of Natural Resources , as a ranger on the Kenai

              Peninsula and chief ranger on the Kenai River. She worked as a natural

              resources specialist and the department's representative on the

              multi-agency Kenai River Center.    Fisler and her family live on her

              husband's family's historical homestead and farm near Tustemena Lake.

              She has won numerous public service awards from the Soldotna Chamber of

              Commerce, the Kenai River Sportfishing Association, the Alaska State

              Troopers' Bureau of Wildlife Enforcement and the Department of Natural

              Resources .   She is a graduate of the Anchorage Municipal Police Academy.

              She was appointed to a seat reserved for a resident. of Southwest Alaska

              or the Kenai Peninsula.




              Parsons Renfrew, of Trapper Creek, raises and sells horses, sheep,

              chickens, pigs and hay. She works as a special education teacher for

              the Anchorage School District. She was district manager of the Upper

              Susitna Soil & Water Conservation district from 2004-07. She earned an

              associate's degree in food hospitality and a bachelor's degree in

              technology from the University of Alaska, Fairbanks. She holds Alaska

                                                              10
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              teaching and special education certificates. She was appointed to a

              seat reserved for a resident of Southcentral Alaska.




              Thompson , of Nome , owns a greenhouse business and raises rabbits and

              sheep .   She teaches sub-arctic horticulture and gardening as an adjunct

              instructor at the Northwest Campus of the University of Alaska,

              Fairbanks and at the University ' s Cooperative Extension Service in Nome.

              Thompson conducts an annual tour of area gardens for local

              horticulturalists .    She earned a bachelor ' s degree in microbiology from

              the University of Nebraska .     She was appointed to a seat reserved for a

              resident of Northwest or Arctic Alaska.




              Alaska Workforce Investment Board




              Governor Palin reappointed Cynthia M . Erickson to the Alaska Workforce

              Investment Board.




              The Board develops and oversees implementation of a comprehensive state

              human resource investment system , and promotes an efficient , effective

              and integrated system of employment education and training programs and

              services so that Alaskans have access to the training and opportunities

              necessary to earn a living wage and to meet the future business needs of

              the state.




                                                              11
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Erickson, of Tanana, has been vice president and owner of Tanana

              Commercial Company since 1986 ,   and vice president of the property

              leasing and fuel sales firm Tanakon since 1996 .      She was vice president

              of the Alaska Central Express airline from 1987-96 and co-owned Tanana

              Air Service from 1988-1995. She studied elementary education at the

              University of Alaska, Fairbanks. She was reappointed to a seat

              representing the private business sector.




              Fishermen's Fund Advisory and Appeals Council




              Governor Palin appointed Alan Andersen and Clay Bezenek to the

              Fishermen's Fund Advisory and Appeals Council.




              The Council oversees the administration of the Fishermen's Fund, a

              state-run program which provides medical benefits to Alaska's licensed

              commercial fishermen who are injured or become ill while commercial

              fishing in Alaska.     The Fund receives a portion of resident and

              nonresident commercial fishing license and permit      fees , and uses those

              funds to pay benefits to injured fishermen .     The Council also reviews

              appeals of decisions by the Fund administrator.




             Andersen, of Sitka, began commercial fishing with his father at age 12,

              and has spent 33 years in Southeast Alaska fisheries, as a salmon

              troller, and halibut and herring fisherman. He has served as a director

              of the Seafood Producers' Cooperative for 18 years, helping build the

                                                              12
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sitka plant that processes two-thirds of its members ' catch.                He has

              served for 10 years on the board of the Northern Southeast Regional

              Aquaculture Association, a self -- sustaining salmon hatchery operation.

              He has also worked in tax accounting .           Andersen earned a bachelor's

              degree in mathematics and economics from Western Washington University

              in Bellingham.     He was appointed to represent District 2, northern

              Southeast Alaska.




              Bezenek ,   of Ketchikan ,   has been a commercial fisherman in Alaska for 24

              years ,   fishing for crab ,    herring ,   halibut, black cod and salmon

              variously in the Bering Sea, Southeast ,          and Bristol Bay, and

              participating in shellfish dive fisheries in Southeast .               He has owned a

              seafood processing plant in Craig since 1983 .             He was a founding member,

              and for three years a board member ,          of Southeast Alaska Regional Dive

              Fisheries Association        ( SARDA ).   Bezenek also served on Ketchikan's

              advisory board for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game .               He studied

              biology at Concordia College in Moorehead ,           Minnesota, and holds a U.S.

              Coast Guard 50-ton license .          He was appointed to represent District 1,

              southern Southeast Alaska.




              Denali Access System Advisory Committee




              Governor Palin appointed Carvel Zimin Jr . and reappointed Stephen P.

              Ivanoff to the Denali Access System Advisory Committee.




              The committee advises the Denali Commission on surface transportation
                                                          13
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               needs in Alaska Native villages and rural communities , including

               projects to build essential access routes from the road system to

               villages and communities , and advises the Commission on transportation

               planning among Alaska Native villages.




               Zimin ,   of South Naknek ,   works as a village agent for Peninsula Airways

               and as a winter watchman for Trident Seafoods .          In addition to his

               service as a Bristol Bay Borough assembly member since 1990 ,          Zimin has

               served on the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute ' s salmon marketing

               committee since 1997 ,    on the municipal board of the Southwest Alaska

              Municipal conference since 1991, and on the board of the Alaska

               Peninsula Corporation since 1983 .      He was appointed to a seat reserved

               for a representative of a rural Alaska region or village.




              Ivanoff , of Unalakleet , is a transportation planner for Kawarak , Inc., a

              nonprofit arm of Bering Straits Native Corp .           He is also a self-employed

              fisherman participating in the Norton Sound herring , salmon and crab

              fisheries .     Ivanoff is vice president of the Unalakleet Native

              Corporation board of directors , and serves on the boards of the Alaska

              Federation of Natives , the Bering Straits Native Corporation , the Norton

              Sound Economic Development Corp . and the Bering Sea Fishermen's

              Association .     He attended Oregon State University .      Ivanoff was

              reappointed to a seat reserved for an Alaska Native regional corporation

              nonprofit organization.




                                                                 14
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Suicide Prevention Council




              Governor Palin appointed the Rev. Pat Donelson , and reappointed Brenda

              Moore ,   to the Suicide Prevention Council.




              The Council is responsible for developing and implementing a statewide

              suicide prevention plan , and for providing an annual report to the

              Legislature on its findings and recommendations .      It also improves

              public awareness of suicide , enhances suicide prevention services and

              uses comprehensive , collaborative , community - based and faith-based

              approaches in its efforts.




              Donelson , of Wasilla , is a minister with extensive experience in Bush

             Alaska doing work in drug , alcohol and suicide prevention.          He was

              director of Northwind School of Ministry in Wasilla from 2000 - 06, and

              for eight years was youth director for the Alaska District Assemblies of

              God, responsible for youth ministry to 87 churches .       He founded and

              served for eight years as president of Carry the Cure ,      Inc.    Using

              donated money and aircraft , this corporation took a multimedia

              inspirational program to villages across the state , encouraging youth to

              lead positive, sober and straight lives .      Donelson received his

             ministerial training at the Ichthus Bible Training Center in Salem,

             Oregon , and has been ordained by the Assemblies of God and by Northwind

             Global Ministries .     He was appointed to a seat reserved for a member of

             the clergy.




                                                               15
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Moore , of Anchorage , is the faith and community liaison for Christian

              Health Associates , a nonprofit health care , counseling and social

              ministry organization which she co-founded in 1995 .         She also performs

              community outreach services on contract for United Way of Anchorage.

              She has worked in community outreach for Abbot Loop Community Church and

              its counseling services from 1983 - 95, and worked in commercial banking

              in Anchorage from 1974 - 83.     Moore has extensive experience working with

              faith-based organizations , often in partnership with government agencies

              and community nonprofits to meet human needs in a multitude of areas,

              including low-income housing , foster family support , child welfare,

              police and fire department chaplain ministry and various social

              services .   She also serves on the Alaska Mental Health Board .         Moore was

              reappointed to a seat on the Council reserved for a member of the Mental

              Health Board.




              Wood-Tikchik State Park Management Council




              Governor Palin reappointed Dorothy Larson to the Wood - Tikchik State Park

              Management Council.     The five-member council is responsible for

              developing management plans for the park with the advice and assistance

              of the Alaska Department of Natural Resources , and for monitoring the

              implementation of these plans .     The 1.6 million - acre park in southwest

             Alaska is the nation ' s largest state park.




             Larson , of Dillingham,    is administrator of the Curyung Tribal Council,

                                                                16
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Dillingham's traditional Native village council.           She has extensive

              experience in community development, having worked with the Bristol Bay

              Native Association as community development and grant specialist, higher

              education coordinator, elderly services coordinator, summer youth

              coordinator and limited entry assistant.         She has also owned and

              operated her own printing business for eight years in Dillingham.

              Larson holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the

              University of Alaska , Anchorage .      She was appointed to a seat reserved

              for a person nominated by the Dillingham City Council.




              Boating Safety Council




              Governor Palin appointed state Sen. Fred Dyson and Chris Osowski to the

              Boating Safety Council.      The Council is responsible for advising the

              Alaska Department of Natural Resources on proposed boating regulations

              and safety educational materials, and on state, regional, and national

              issues related to power boats as well as sail, paddle, drift and other

              watercraft .   It considers regional boating safety needs and promotes

              boating safety education programs throughout the state.




              Dyson, of Eagle River, represents Senate District I in the Alaska State

              Legislature.    A Bristol Bay commercial fisherman for 25 years, he has

              operated a Prince William Sound charter boat since 2003 and holds a U.S.

              Coast Guard master's license.        He has been a collegiate rower, a

              wilderness canoeist, and an author on boating issues for Alaska

              newspapers and magazines.        He has skippered a number of federal and
                                                                  17
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              University of Alaska research cruises in Alaska waters, and wrote the

              safety manual for Alyeska's Valdez-based SERVS oil tanker escort vessel

              program .   Dyson studied mechanical engineering at the University of

              Washington .   He previously served on the Council from 2004 - 06, and was

              again appointed to a public seat.




              Osowski , of Anchorage , has experience selling and operating a variety of

              powered and non-powered watercraft in Alaska ..      In addition to owning his

              own business selling jetboats , canoes , kayaks and rafts, he owns a

              company offering jet boat tours on the Twentymile and Knik rivers,

              conducts remote fly fishing and rafting tours , and with his family

              enjoys jet boating , canoeing , waterskiing and sailing in Alaska waters.

              He has worked in the oilfield services industry , and currently works as

              a production operator for ConocoPhillips .     He graduated from Chugiak

              High School , and holds a U.S. Coast Guard master's license and Emergency

              Medical Technician certificate .    Osowski was appointed to a public seat

              on the Council.




                                                              18
