Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:56 PM
              To:                     Daustin38@gmail.com
              Subject:                RE: Elections


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.usj

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:45 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




              Web mail from: Mr. David Austin

              address: 134 Dewberry Drive Georgetown TX 78633

               512-533-7104




              MESSAGE:

               It is so refreshing to hear of an outsider shaking up the establishment. Too long the
              overstuffed local/state/national politicians have said 'trust. us' and gone about their
              business of accepting 'campaign and maintenance funds'from vested interest groups such as
              oil, lumber, auto, steel and labor.

               When I was a child in Vernon, Texas, if an elected official visited our little town, it
              was as though the Pope had descended to grace us with his presence.

               Today, I am so disgusted with state and national politics I wouldn't cross the street to
              acknowledge an elected legislator.

               If I may suggest one very controversial but powerful recommendation to all elections: In
              addition to the candidates' names , include a box that simply states 'None of the above'.
              It would strike fear into all parties and finally force them to select qualified
              candidates for the elected post.

               I am a history buff and recognize the signs from past mistakes which will repeat
              themselves given no input from the people.

               Good luck, God speed, and be successful.

             D. Austin

              Georgetown, Tx 78633

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 0008973
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Daustin38@gmail.com




       d




                                                        2




                                                                                                   P RA_GS P01 _0008974
