Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:55 PM
              To:                      jerbarco@comcast.net
              Subject:                 RE: Elections


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:59 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




              Web mail from: Barbara Hoerr

              address :   6509 Highland Drive Everett WA 98203




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor (or screener);

                Do not pass up the opportunity if it comes your way for VP or even Presidential
              position.  It is a person like you (and your family since the job is definitely not done
              alone) that this country needs. I am a veteran, as is my husband, and what we need is a
              commander in chief that is attentive to detail and is not afraid to ask the questions.
              Alaska has gotten a bum rap of late but that is due to individuals and not Alaska as a
              whole.  Should you decide to run for either of the above mentioned positions, you have our
              family's support to yours.  Keep up the great work, lady. You rock.



              jerbarcoocomcast.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0008975
