Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:54 PM
              To:                     chrisi776@yahoo.com
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailiDgov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 5:00 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Chris Land

              address :   1618 Willow Lane Euless TX 76039




              MESSAGE:

              I know being from Texas you might not ever see this, but I needed to say thanks to you.



              I just read an article on you and the reforms you are taking on in Alaska. I only can
              begin to wish my republican Gov. would ever have such guts and ethics to do the same here.



              I have almost totally given up on politics - including voting. I have been vocal to
              everyone from local to national politicians and all I see is money, power and the
              overwhelming need of the 2 parties to get more of each.



              Someone like you makes me think that, at least in one state, that maybe this country still
              has hope.



              I think out time is running out as a great nation, and reading of someone taking ethical
              stands like you are gives me hope.



              Thanks much

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0008978
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Chris Land




              chrisl776@yahoo.com




       4




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008979
