Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Paiin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 3:49 PM
              To:                     westbergindustries@yahoo.com
              Subject:                RE: Public Safety


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 3:54 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Public_Safety




             Web mail from: Mr. Jon Westberg

             address: 8250 Country Woods Rd. Anchorage AK 00502

               (907) 677-8612




             MESSAGE:

             Hello Sarah , er Governor



             Thank you for being who you are and resetting the agenda to rid the Greed and Corruption
             not from our Conservative Brethern, but from all that eat at the trough of greed.



             Another issue you need to address just as we are doing so here in Connecticut is the EASE
             with which I secured the address and phone number of a Westberg in Alaska. I am not
             related to him, but picked it out to prove my point. It belongs to Kris Westberg and I
             intend to send him a copy of this. Right now , ZABASEARCH says "TUFF" to anyone who
             wants to opt out of public information. Our privacy is being violated every day in a new
             way. States can BLOCK firms such asZABASEARCH if they are firm in their resolve promoted
             by a corageous leader such as our Governor Jodie Rell, who also took over the reigns from
             our own corrupt leader. Put this on your agenda and I am sure the whole state will
             suppport your efforts.




             Sincerely ,



                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0008981
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Jon Westberg

              Milford, CT



              PS it is sad I had to use this subtrefuge to contact you. I hope you get to read this.



              westbergindustries@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0008982
