Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 3:48 PM
              To:                      venturethistime@aim.com
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 3:34 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Martin Romanchick

              address : 808 Brookside Drive Toms River NJ 08753




              MESSAGE:

              Hello, I read an article about you on the internet today and have great respect for you.
              It was in regard to raising taxes on oil companies and basically stepping on the toes of
              people who are not quite doing what they should be doing. Article also said you were very
              content with being Governor of Alaska and you were not considering anything else, but were
              you to change your mind and run for President you would definitely get my vote and I am
              sure my wife would go along with me. We need an honest person that cares about the general
              public and not big industry. I was very impressed with what I read. Keep doing things the
              way you are doing them, finally I have read about someone in politics who cares.



              Sincerely,



              Martin Romanchick



              venturethistime@aim.com




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0008983
