Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 4:55 PM
              To:                     aknelson@alaska.net
              Subject :               RE: Homeland-Security


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent; Wednesday,    December 26, 2007 5:00 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Homeland Security




              Web mail from :   Ms. Katrina Nelson

              address :   53220 English Ave Kenai AK 99611




              MESSAGE:

              I'm very concerned with th e information in our local town of Nikiski .   That due-to
              Homeland Security , the local beach acesses available are going to be closed .   This is
              horrifying! And should not be allowed .  I perssonelly have been born and raised in
              Nikiski . I grew up on a homestead , and spent the first half of my life on a Beach site in
              the Northern District of Cook Inlet . Now that I have a family of my own , we go to our
              beaches 5x a week easy during the summer .  We use all the access that are going to be
              attemped to close .  Using only the Captain Cook State Park access is insane . We are not
              tourist . We like the privacy availble to us . to go where our truck/ATV will take us, as
              we are always beach combing .  We have one Beach Access on Salamatof Rd. which is next to
              Tesoro & Agruim , which has a gate and Security patroling 24hrs . a day .  Local Setnetters
              use all the access as well .  This issue really needs to be looked at. The beaches in
              Nikiski are not only used by locals. We

              live at the end of the road .   Many tourist use the beaches to look at the platforms. And
             for the view . Many people in Kenai , Soldotna & Sterling all come out here to look for
             Agates . The only other rocky beaches are out toward Kasilof .     This information about the
             beach access being closed is very upsetting .   I don ' t see a problem with a Security guard
             patroling the parking areas .   But the beach is free .   My family and many other families
             consider the beach our back yard . Personally the beaches is what has kept our and many
             families living in Nikiski .   Being a very industrial area , there isn ' t much to see or due.
             I would really appreiciate it if I could get a response from you Sara .       I hope to get
             this issue resolved .  Please let me and the people know what kind of action needs to be
             taken to prevent a closer.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0008976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Thank you

               Katrina Nelson, Family




              aknelson@alaska.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0008977
