Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 2:39 PM
               To:                     fuzzycarroll@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 2:06 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. Edith von Stauffeberg

              address: P.O. Box 687 Haines AK 99827

                907-766-3269




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,




               As an employee of the State of Alaska for the Alaska Marine Highway System, Haines Ferry
              Terminal, I appreciate the very thoughtful and kind Christmas present of 3.5 hours of
              "early release time." Every year I save up my annual leave in order to travel to
              California to visit my elderly mother. My annual leave not only pays my wage while I am
              away from work, but it also helps pay for my travel expenses. Therefore, your gift of 3.5
              hours means a lot to me.



              Thank you very much, and a Happy New Year!



              Sincerely,

              Edith von Stauffenberg



              fuzzycarroll@yahoo.com

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009014
