Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:59 AM
               To:                     rdbrock46@comcastnet
               Subject:                RE: General-Administration


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:06 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: General Administration




              Web mail from: Mr. Robert Brockway

              address :   7425 springvale way citrus heights CA 95621

               9167220107




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Govener, I have just heard about your efforts in cleaning up corruption, standing up
              to the oil company's, and in general bringing to the office a little thing called honor,
              accountability, and honesty. what a wonderful breath of fresh air. Though I am a resident
              of Ca. please consider me a fan, and a vote should you try to take these virtues to a
              higher level.May god bless you and your entire family. Also may he place a hedge of
              protection around you and your accomplishments. Sincerly Robert Brockway




              rdbrock46@comcast.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0009029
