Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Unknown
               From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:54 PM
               To:                      eddie@kbyr.com
               Subject :                RE: Budget


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:55 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Budget




               Web mail from: Mr. Eddie Bureke

               address :   322 Muldoon Rd Anchorage AK 99507

                907-229-2287




               MESSAGE:

               HERE ARE QUESTIONS WE SHOULD BE ASKING ABOUT GOVERNOR Palin's PROPOSED BUDGET.




               1. Oil revenues might be up, but production is in steep decline. In the near future, even
               if oil prices stay high, there will not be enough production to support the current
               size /cost of state government. QUESTION: How does the governor propose to pay for her
               expanded and more costly government?




              2. The governor ran as a fiscal conservative who was going to hold down the cost of
              government and be accountable to the people. QUESTION: Why is the governor proposing to
              spend any windfall oil revenue on "wants" before paying off existing debt that are
              constitutionally mandated, such as PERS / TERS and money borrowed from the Constitutional
              Budget Reserve?



              3. Oil revenues will be greatly diminished before any gas revenues become available to
              support the high cost of government. QUESTION: How does the governor propose to bridge
              the gap between the current oil revenue and future gas revenue?




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009024
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               4. QUESTION : If the governor transfers money from the earnings reserve account to the
               permanent fund principle will that reduce the dividend payment made to citizens?



               It would be nice to have these questions answered so that they can be posted on the Eddie
               Burke Show KBYR Blog.




               Eddie Burke

               907-229-2287




               eddie@kbyr.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0009025
