Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) jgovemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:28 AM
               To:                     crossbones668@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: Elections


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:32 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




              Web mail from: Mr. John Pride

              address :   114 S. Atley Lane Cary NC 27513




              MESSAGE :

              Dear Governor Palin,




              As a concerned and disaffected Republican, and a veteran, I would ask that you give
              serious consideration to running for Vice President in the 2008 election. The party we
              once were needs you to do so. You are a shining example of all that used to be good in our
              party, and might yet be again. While I know that you have oathes to uphold in your own
              state, the national situation is such that I sincerely believe it would be in the nation's
              best interests for you to shoulder one more burden.



              Your Servant,




              John Pride




              crossbones668@yahoo.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009030
