Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:42 PM
               To:                     rgmurphy@bellsouth.net
               Subject:                RE: Oil&amp;Gas


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:12 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Oil&amp;Gas




              Web mail from: Mr. Richard Murphy

              address :   1822 Augusta Rd West Columbia SC 29169

               803-791-9958




              MESSAGE:

              I recently read an article on the Bellsouth web page about the work you have done and how
              you are not favorable with the Rep. Party for some of the stands you have taken. I just
              wanted you to know that I am a Republican and I am proud that you don't let party
              influence stand in the way of what is right and wrong. I have tried to teach my two
              daughters that if you don't want to read about it in the paper then don't do it. I look
              foward to talking to them about this article. I think it shows a lot of what I would like
              them to be when they grow up, strong backbone and a mind of their own. I will pray for
              you and your guidance of your state. I hope to visit the state at some time in my life
              but I wanted you to know that your story touche me and will make a difference in how I
              view the TRUE Rep. Party. That is the honest hard working. Don't think that I could ever
              be of help but if so let me know.



              God Bless and good luck

              Richard Murphy




              rgmurphy@bellsouth.net



                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0009026
