Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:42 PM
               To:                     taylorcountymuffler@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:23 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Legal-and lawsuits




              Web mail from: Ms. deborah burris

              address : po box 98 campbellsville KY 42719'

               270-789-8231




              MESSAGE:

              Alaska Governor Shows Fearlessness.

              This news item was on my webpage server . I lived in Alaska for a few years and absolutely
              fell in love with the state . I hope to come back to visit in the future.

              I wanted to congragulate you on your endeavors for your state and what you have done and
              intend to accomplish. There are not many public figures that buck the system and do what
              they were voted in to do. The tax payors pay their salary and too few remember that.

              I live in Kentucky now, as it is my home state, but our last 2 governors left a sour taste
              in my mouth.

             Keep up your great work.

             Best Regards,

             Deborah A Burris




             taylorcountymuffler@yahoo.com


                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0009027
