Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                       Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:26 AM
              To:                         humblehammys@hotmail.com
              Subject:                    RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMail egov.state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

              Sent : Wednesday ,   December 26, 2007 10:47 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin         ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from :   Mr. David Wiita - Hamlett

              address :   326 Dana Ct .   Manteca CA 95336

               925-913-0201




              MESSAGE:

              Your Honor:

              I read an article about you and the work you are doing in Alaska and it made me wish the
              property my wife and I have was in Alaska .   While I do like our "governator", I can
              appreciate the integrity that I hear about you and the work you are doing to better your
              state by all you seem to be doing .   It's great to see someone who is willing to step on
              toes when necessary regardless of party , as well as bringing in people as part of your
              cabinet , not governed by party lines but it seems by qualifications .  From what I've heard
              you go the extra mile and then some .   And from what I have seen of you picture wise, your
              sincereity and integrity shines through as well as you look like a woman of purpose, who
              is also a people person .  The bible says to pray for our leaders and I am adding you to my
              prayer list .  I will be asking GOD for His protection and guidance for you , your family,
              and your cabinet.



              Blessings to you all,




              Dave Wiita-Hamlett




              humblehammysehotmail.com
                                                                      1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009033
