Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:22 AM
               To:                     jaystrick@hotmail.com
               Subject:                RE: General-Administration


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:17 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: General Administration




              Web mail from: Mr. Jason Strickland

              address: 1050 Scott St, #6 San Diego CA 92106

                6195180656




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Sarah Palin and staff:




              As a born and raised Alaskan of multiple generations, I wanted to send a thank you for the
              steps you're taking at correcting the rampant corruption and special interests that go on
              in the wonderful state I call my home.



              As my father was the Local 302 union representative for many years, I was. able to hear of
              many of the issues with the Big Oil, and the many firms competing for Alaska's numerous
              resources from my father and many of his friends. Hearing and seeing the dirty side of
              the business at such a young age, it really disillusioned one to the morality and
              accountability towards our government.



              Again, thank you for being non-partisan and working to better the state, rather than
              individual party agendas.  It's politicians such as yourself and Dr. Ron Paul, who stand
              up for what's right and just, that give disaffected people such as myself hope for the
              future of our government, and the desire to actively help out again.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009039
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               A sincere thanks,

               Jason R .   Strickland




               jaystrick@hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009040
