Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:25 AM
               To:                     joepessarra@suddenlink.net
               Subject:                RE: Legal_and lawsuits


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:04 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Legal-and-lawsuits




              Web mail from: Joseph Pessarra

              address: 128 Warbler Way Georgetown TX 78633




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,




              Just read some comments on your ethics legislation.  You are doing the right thing.
              Forget the "party line", and stay the course. The Federal government seems to be a
              sinking ship, and it looks like the states are going to have to take the lead, and get
              things done right.  That includes ethics, immigration, and taxing.



              Good luck.



              Joe in sunny Texas




              joepessarra@suddenlink.net

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0009036
