Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:21 AM
               To:                     jgriffis@cinci.rr.com
               Subject :               RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:25 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: jason griffis

              address: 5830 karen lane Milford OH 45150




              MESSAGE:

                Kudos on your ability to defy party lines and apply some real ethics to politics. I
              cannot say how great it makes me feel to actually read about an honest politician who
              actually does make a difference in our lives. I read, "Alaska Governor Shows
              Fearlessness" By STEVE QUINN Associated Press Writer, and I have found hope in future
              government. Could you please somehow organize a class for your upperclassmen as to what
              politics is really about? "Of the People, By the people, For the people" should be the
              first words any politician ever remembers.

                I am 37yrs. old and have lost faith in the political system after seeing numerous
              scandels and huge porkbarrel spending and earmarks going to corporations and not back to
              the people who actually paid taxes into the system. Please keep up the great work and
              "keep 'em honest."



              jgriffis@cinci.rr.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0009041
