Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:24 AM
               To:                     yukonjohn3@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: General Administration


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

               Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:12 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: General-Administration




               Web mail from: Mr. John Greene

               address: 932 Clear St. North Pole AK 99705

                488-8184




              MESSAGE:

              Hi Sarah,




              We have corresponded previously, and I just wanted to tell you that I still totally
              approve of your Governorship!  You still are considered by me as "MY GOVERNOR"!! I have
              been in the interior for over 27 years, and know a ton of people and most of them feel the
              EXACT same about your leadership. From one Alaskan to another, we owe you a hearty slap
              on the back for standing up for us and doing whats right for ALL ALASKANS. Now, I see a
              movement to draft you as a VP candidate for the Republican nominee. I recently changed my
              registration from AIP to Republican just so I could vote for Ron Paul in the primary, and
              I beg of you, please stay with us here in Alaska! If it were a move to draft you for the
              PRESIDENTIAL nomination, well, that would be totally different.   Or possibly if you were
              to run with Ron Paul, that would be different, but as you have stated, I think you can do
              us more good here at this time. I have seen talk on the net about the fact that you could
              beat Ted Stevens

              for his seat. That might be an idea, but I cannot tell you how much I appreciate what you
              are doing for ME and other Alaskans in Juneau. Obviously, we would support whatever you
              decide to do in regards to your political future plans, but we sure like you where you are
              today!!  I hope you have had the very best of the Christmas season , and send you the Best
              Wishes and Warmest Regards for the upcoming year! We look forward to the many good things
              that are in our future here in the Greatest State in the United States of America! Best
              Wishes, John Greene

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0009037
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               yukonjohn3@yahoo.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009038
