Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 9:50 AM
              To:                      thefeins@hotmail.com
              Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, December 25, 2007 10:53 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Fish-and-Game




              Web mail from: Mr. Roland Fein

              address :   PO BOX 58237 Fairbanks AX 99711

               907-488-4265




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,



              I am very distraught over some of the issues that face Alaska in the coming years in
              regards to our Fish and Wildlife resources . It has become very apparent as I have done
              some research that our State F&G Dept is severely lacking the funding and manpower to do
              appropriate and much needed research and studies in regards to our Dall Sheep populations.



              These are my concerns:



              #1 There is a very large problem with the poorly regulated guide industry that is little
              by little controlling the access to many mountainous areas in all of our mountain ranges
              and preventing access to Alaskan residents by practically controlling the air charter
              businesses that work in their guide areas because they spend so much money with them.



              #2 The guide industry is out of control in their search to provide clients with Alaska's
              most prestigious trophy, the Dall Sheep . Guide services are working drainage after
              drainage until there are few Rams left and then they move on down to the next set of
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              mountains and repeat the damage they have already done.*



              #3 No state in the U.S just allows non-residents to buy and over the counter trophy tag
              like the Dall sheep , Rocky Mountain Big Horn, Mountain Goat, or Desert Big Horn ,
              nonetheless for a measly $425. The tag fees needs to be raised and the ability to purchase
              one over the counter without a draw process needs to stop. There are not enough Dall Sheep
              in Alaska to support the desire from wealthy hunters from the lower 48 with their dream
              hunt , not once but many times.A draw system for non-resident sheep hunters needs to be
              established for every unit not just the ones that are currently a draw.



              #4 Amongst resident hunters that spend a lot of time in the mountains there is concern
              that certain mountainous areas are severely lacking in sheep , yet no valid and current
              research or studies are being conducted due to low funding and manpower. Not even in the
              trophy quality classified units. The feds are able to support a 20:1 personnel manning for
              units as compared to our state biologist and personnel. As much as I attribute the hunting
              pressure and harvest of the guiding industry on the populations of our wild sheep I also
              see a huge need for some heavy predator control in many areas to protect the precious
              resource, our wild sheep.



              #5 Each and every year it seems as though more and more restrictions are being placed on
              resident hunters in sheep hunting units and the reasoning is both unsupported (in some
              cases ) and or caused by the ever increasing pressure from the guiding industry.



              Governor Palin, I can't imagine that you do not care what is happening in our state, and
              as I see it Alaska has two major resources.... oil and Wildlife. If we don't do what needs
              to be done we will surely lose one of them. I understand that their is huge revenue in the
              money non-resident hunters spend in Alaska but very little of it goes to Alaska but mostly
              to the same specific companies year after year. I know this is a lot of info and you are
              probably not completely aware of these issues , but Governor Palin, something needs to be
              done! We cannot allow commercial hunting to reduce our resources to nothing and at the
              same time spend no money in research or prevention (predator control) and just hope it
              will all fix itself.



              I am very interested in the proposal process for the BOG and have looked into the goals of
              the very many orgs that are constantly at work to help correct some of our problems, but
              it appears that it is all in vain. There has been talk about creating harvest tag fees for
              residents rather than them being free . I support that wholeheartedly as many resident
              hunters do but the concerns are vast that even with more funding it won't be properly
              allocated for its intended purposes . And then to make matters worse there is the political
              issues that correlate with raising tag fees and voting and or the fear of not being voted
              for. I am simply in awe that we are so politically twisted that we cannot do the right
              things to protect that which is what makes our state so great and special. I am a very
              frustrated and concerned citizen of this state that feels like he can shout as loud as I
              like and yet no one will hear me. I am writing this to you because I could only hope that
              you truly care about t

              hese issues and hold a special place in your heart for those precious animals that our
              state, and only our state has in this country. There are many lessons to be learned from
              the mistakes that many other states in our country have made, let us not follow in their
              footsteps!




              Sincerely,

                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0009056
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Roland J. Fein




               thefeins@hotmail.com




                                                         3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009057
