Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:03 AM
              To:                      stubucks@earthlink.net
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:03 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Stuart Murray

              address: 146 Uva Road Corrales NM 87048




              MESSAGE:

              It's refreshing to read news about a Governor that governs regardless of party
              affiliation . As a Republican , I think we need more people like you for a our party. It's
              sad to think that both parties ( Democrats and Republicans ) are swept up in old party
              thinking.



              You may not be my governor, but we could sure use someone like you down here in New
              Mexico. It would be a breath of fresh air.



              Keep up the good work and hang in there.



              Stuart




              stubucksoearthlink.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             P RAGS P01 _0009044
