Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:01 AM
              To:                      Moore; Barbara S (HSS)
              Subject :                RE: Merry Christmas and thank you


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion, or comment.




              From: Moore, Barbara S (HSS)

              Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 6:02 AM

              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

              Subject: Merry Christmas and thank you




              Hi




              I have worked for the Juvenile Justice corrections for 18




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0009046
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Termination of Treatment Foster Care Placement Agreement                                                 Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 1:23 PM
                  To:      Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Termination of Treatment Foster Care Placement Agreement



                 From: Enochs [mailto:enotague@mtaonline.net]
                 Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 1:19 PM
                 To: 'Mock, Cathy'; Hiidreth, Thomas A (HSS); Frisby, Susan E (HSS)
                 Cc: 'R. Thor & Joanna Williams'; Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Sandoval, Tammy K (HSS); 'Ron Cowan';
                 Twomey, Timothy M (LAW); Johnston, Shanna R (LAW); Knight, Denise (LAA);
                 donald.kitchen@alaska.gov; Palin, Sarah H (GOV); 'Julie Fulmer'
                 Subject: FW: Termination of Treatment Foster Care Placement Agreement

                  Bill Evans, D 0 R S E Y& W H I T N E Y LLP ( Counsel to Denali Family Services)

                 Since Denali Family Services has removed therapeutic foster care from my foster son's treatment plan
                 (without guardian consent???), but kept all of their other BILLABLE??? wrap-around-services in place
                 (Individual Therapy, Individual Skill Development, Medication Management, Case Management), whom
                 shall be driving my foster son the 130 miles to his Denali Family Services medication appointment
                 tomorrow at 1830 , and giving feedback regarding his behaviors and response to his current dose of
                 medication? Who shall be picking him up from his Denali Family Services 1700 therapy appointment on
                 Monday, and who shall be providing information as to his home and community behaviors, particularly
                 during his next treatment team meeting due next month?

                 Since my foster son has never met Denali Family Service's admission requirements, and the placement
                 agreement has been expired for an unknown period of time, should DFS even be involved in any future
                 decision-making or therapeutic processes?

                 What exactly is expected of this foster home? What payment can we expect and when? It's been 2 weeks
                 since the CEO of DFS removed us from our foster son's care plan, but we know little else beyond this
                 fact. Since I will likely have to return to work to replace the income withheld by DFS, I need to have a fast,
                 definitive, explanation of current foster care pay, and our responsibilities that include schedule and
                 appointment requirements, so I may work the hours needed to support the needs of this family-that
                 include a severely emotionally disturbed, mentally retarded, foster son.

                 Please note: Denali Family Services has a history putting foster children at-risk, as documented
                 throughout my report / Matter, by not following their own policies, and ignoring foster parent requests for
                 help. This persistent pattern of neglect and indifference resulted in the death of 10-year-old Steven
                 Murray in 07/27/99, and I suspect there have been more children. I know of another therapeutic foster
                 parent, who completed their 8th incident report this last summer, without DFS intervention or even
                 debriefing.

                 This problem goes beyond just this foster home.


                 From: Enochs [mailto :enotague@mtaonline.net]
                 Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 7:21 PM
                 To: 'Mock, Cathy
                 Cc: 'R. Thor & Joanna Williams'; 'Frisby, Susan E'; 'Hildreth, Thomas A.'; 'Ron Cowan';
                 'donald.kitchen@alaska.gov'; 'Rebecca Starry'; tammy. sandoval@alaska .gov'; 'sarah.palin@alaska.gov';
                 'karleen.jackson@alaska .gov; 'tim.twomey@alaska.gov'; 'shanna.johnston@ alaska.gov'; 'Julie Fulmer';
                 'Denise_Knight@legis.state.ak. us'
                 Subject: RE: Termination of Treatment Foster Care Placement Agreement


                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0009047
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Termination of Treatment Foster Care Placement Agreement                                                    Page 2 of 2



                  Mr. Evans,

                  Therapeutic Foster Care is included in my foster son's current treatment plan . It is also the one therapy in his care
                  plan that has been consistently stable and successful . Yvonne Chase has never been listed as a member of my
                  foster son 's treatment team, and as such , does not get to suddenly exclude successful therapies to suit her fancy.
                  Treatment plan decisions are made by the guardian (s), in a treatment team format. Medicaid pays the bills-- NOT
                  DENALI FAMILY SERVICES. My foster son continues to receive therapeutic foster care therapy in my therapeutic
                  foster home , and I expect to be reimbursed for services rendered.

                  Who shall I bill as of 12/13/07?


                  Ron Cowan, Disability Law Center of AK:

                  Since this clearly is an effort to cause financial strain in this foster home, and thereby disrupt my foster son's
                  placement, would you mind running this by your lawyers to advise us of our rights?




               Unknown
               From :                       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                        Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:55 PM
               To:                          bfitzgerald@richardscomputer.com
               Subject :                    RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need , suggestion , or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 12:52 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other



               Web mail from : Mr. Brady Fitzgerald

               address :    2207 Morning Court Acworth GA 30102




               MESSAGE:

               I just wanted to congratulate you in your success ! When are you going to run for
               President. You would certainly get my vote!



               bfitzgerald@richardscomputer.com
