Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


                  Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:24 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Vanguard 1-5 - Holiday Edition



                  From : Michaela Goertzen [mailto:mgoertzen@institutenorth.org]
                  Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 11:06 AM
                  To: mgoertzen@institutenorth.org
                  Subject: Vanguard 1-5 - Holiday Edition

                  Dear Reader:

                  Attached please find this week's issue of the Vanguard, a newsletter providing information on
                  national security for state and local policymakers. We thank you for your interest and support,
                  and invite your comments.

                 With best wishes for a Happy New Year,

                  Mead Treadwell, Senior Fellow and Director, Security and Defense Program

                  Michaela Goertzen, Research Associate and Editor
                  907.771.2446

                 The Institute of the North
                 www. institutenorth. or¢




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009067
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:00 AM
                  To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update



                  From: Manhattan Institute [mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                  Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 6:05 AM
                  To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                  Subject : Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                  Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                                 December 26,




                          Join Young Leaders Today
                          Are you in your 20 or 30 's and interested individual freedom , personal responsibility , limited
                          government , and free enterprise ? By joining the Young Leaders Circle you will have an opportunity to
                          hear from leading thinkers on the pressing issues of the day in an evening lecture and cocktail party
                          forum.




                          In January , best-selling author Shelby Steele will kick off the second YLC season and Michael Barone
                          will follow in February with a discussion of the Presidential primaries . Others on the 2008 agenda
                          include the Manhattan Institute 's own Heather Mac Donald and John McWhorter . 2008 promises to be
                          another great year for the Young Leaders Circle.




                          Closing The Spigot
                        E.J. McMahon , New York Post, December 26, 2007
                        Eliot Spitzer campaigned last year on a promise to control state spending, promising budget savings o
                        $11 billion to offset the cost of his new initiatives. But Spitzer's first budget is not far off the inflated
                        baseline he inherited from former Gov. George Pataki.. .




                        Those Who Do Not Know the Past



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009068
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



                       Edward Glaeser, New York Sun, December 26, 2007
                       Should developing countries embrace free trade or shelter their nascent industries behind protectionist
                       walls? This debate has been going on for two centuries since Adam Smith faced off against the
                       mercantilists. Ha-loon Chang's "Bad Samaritans" (Bloomsbury, 288 pages, $26.95) is a lively addition
                       to the protectionist side of the debate. Readers who believe in free trade will not find much in Mr.
                       Chang that challenges that belief, but the book is well written and far more serious than most anti-
                       globalization gibberish...

                    WEB      MAGAZINES


                       PointofLaw.com
                       Fraudulent Plaintiff's Attorney Found Guilty of Criminal Contempt
                       Posted by Michael Krauss
                       A plaintiffs attorney who fraudulently avoided paying a legal malpractice judgment that itself arose out
                       of previous fraud was given a second chance last week, reports the New York Law Journal (via
                       Law.com) Southern District of New York Judge Denise Cote sentenced.David A. Dorfman to two years
                       of probation for criminal contempt, a charge that was brought only because the judge became so
                       frustrated with Dorfman that she asked prosecutors to intervene and indict him...


                       MedicalProgressToday.com
                       Troubling Developments in Med Mal Lawsuits
                       Posted by Paul Howard
                       The Massachusetts Supreme Court has held that doctors can be sued for "failing to warn patients about
                       the side effects of the drugs they prescribe" ... If this becomes a national trend, it will be bad news
                       for patients and doctors alike...


                    Sincerely,
                    William G . Zelser      Samara M. Klar           Bridget E . Sweeney
                    Press Officer           Press Officer            Press Officer


                                  Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                 communications @ manhattan - institute . org, 212 . 599.7000


                                             Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                          Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                             Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe" In the subject line.




                 11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0009069
