Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 9:41 AM
              To:                     Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Katz; John W (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Persily; Larry A
                                      (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Approve Final Draft News Release Customs Interpretation


              Looks good. Thanks Beth.

              Sent from my BlackBerrym device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>




              Date: Wed, 26 Dec 2007 09:37:30

              To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Katz, John W (GOV)"
              <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>,"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>,"Persily, Larry
              A (GOV)" <lpersily@alaskadc.org>

              Subject: Approve Final Draft News Release Customs Interpretation




              Governor :




              We are planning to send the attached release out shortly, with a copy of

              your Dec. 20 letter.




              John, Larry and Randy reviewed the initial draft.




              Beth Leschper



              Deputy Communications Director



                                                                    1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009058
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Office of the Governor




              State of Alaska




              907-465-3443




              907-723-1321




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              No. 07-246




              December 26, 2007




              Governor Palin asks Customs to exclude Alaska cruises from proposal



              New interpretation for Hawaiian cruises would hurt Alaska visitor

              businesses



              Governor Sarah Palin has asked the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border

              Protection to back off on a proposed rule interpretation that would harm

              the Alaska tourism industry.




              At issue is the agency's proposed interpretation of an 1886 maritime law

              that would require foreign-owned cruise ships running between the U.S.

              West Coast and Hawaii to spend at least 48 hours in a foreign port. The

              vessels would also have to spend at least half as much time in a foreign

              port as spent in all U.S. ports of call.

                                                            2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              If applied to Alaska cruises , the governor said,.the new interpretation

              would force cruise lines to significantly cut back their time in Alaska

              ports, pulling hundreds of millions of dollars a year out of the Alaska

              economy.



              The governor has asked the bureau to exclude Alaska cruises from its

              rule interpretation aimed at a specific problem with Hawaiian cruises.

              if not , the bureau should at least start over with a full impact review

              and public process , the governor said.



              "The proposed rule interpretation , aimed at Hawaiian Coastwise Cruises,

              would be a dramatic and abrupt shift in policy of the Bureau of Customs

              and Border Protection if it were applied to Alaska cruises ," Governor

              Palin said in her letter . " Taking something that is working well and

              changing it - much less on 30 days notice - is not reasonable public

              policy."



              If adopted, the new rules could begin for next spring 's cruise season.

              About one million passengers visited Alaska by cruise last year.



              "Such a severe and short - notice change in itineraries as would be

              required under this proposal could create havoc for communities,

              travelers and the industry ," the governor said in her comments to the

              Customs Bureau.




              "I ask that you either clarify that Alaska cruises are excluded from the

              Hawaiian Coastwise Vessels interpretation, or withdraw the proposed rule

              interpretation, perform a thorough review of the impacts, and then

              follow the normal federal rule- making process , including the opportunity

              to comment ,"' Governor Palin said in the letter. " This process is

              necessary to ensure adequate consideration of all the economic issues at

              stake."


                                                             3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The governor was especially critical of the short public comment period

              provided by the Customs Bureau.



               "The official notice in the Federal Register on November 21 was the

              first public word of the proposed rule interpretation," she said.
