Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, December 26, 2007 8:47 AM
              To:                     hartnell@ak.net
              Subject:                RE: Fish-and-Game


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, December 25, 2007 11:20 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Fish-and-Game




              Web mail from: Mr. Thomas Hartnell

              address :   989 Senate Loop Fairbanks AK 99712

               907-451-7081




              MESSAGE:

              Greetings:




              I have lived in Fairbanks, Alaska going on 35 years. In the 70's, Fish & Game opened a
              second season for cow moose. That second season decimated the moose poulation to such low
              levels that it took years to recover. Now we have a new generation of Fish & Game
              officials who have not bothered to learn from the mistakes of the past. I appeal to these
              officials to read the records of the second season debacle from the 70's. in adition, I
              implore these officials to include in their research the accounts from hunters famliar
              with the era, such Leroy Wiederman, John Guichi, or Dick Waugamann.



              Governor, I urge you to order the Commissioner of Fish & Game to stop all second season
              moose cow hunts until the effects of this practice can be better known. I do not hunt, but
              it pains me to see such the unsportsman like second season perpetrated on a herd that
              already is suffering from predation and consistent first season hunting pressure. Each cow
              killed results in the death of at least two moose. This practice is destroying a resource
              that belongs to all Alaskans, both now and those in generations to come.



              My very best reagrds to you and your family in this holiday season and in the coming New
              Year. I applaud your courage and integrity in facing the difficult issues of the day head




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0009062
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              on.



              Thomas Hartnell




              hartnell@ak.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009063
