Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown

               From :                  Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 27, 2007 11:17 AM
               To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject:                Great article


               First, belated merry christmas!

               I thought steve's article about you was fantastic. It was in the top 5 most read stories
               on yahoo last night. Hope all is well. Many blessings to you and your family in 2008.

               Ivy




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0009091
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Thursday, December 27, 2007 10:41 AM
                  To:        Curran; Michael J (HSS)
                  Subject: RE: Thank you.
                  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                  person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                  From: Curran, Michael J (HSS)
                  Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 10:22 AM
                  To, Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: RE: Thank you.

                  Dear Governor Palin
                  I just wanted to thank you for your kindness in allowing an early dismissal from work on Christmas Eve.
                  That was so very generous of you and very compassionate to our families. Cyndy's and my daughter
                  came to visit us from New York City on that day and it allowed us the opportunity to spend more time with
                  her on a very special day. Cyndy and I appreciate your leadership to our State and we hope that you and
                  your family enjoyed a wonderful Christmas together.
                  Blessings to you and your family for a joyous Christmas season and a healthy, prosperous New Year.

                  Respectfully,
                  Michael and Cyndy Curran

                  Michael Curran, Program Coordinator
                  Alaska Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives
                  State of Alaska, Department of Health and Social Services
                  350 Main Street, Suite 404
                  P.O. Box 110601
                  Juneau, Alaska 99811-0601
       I          Tel: 907-465-6817



                  From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 8:56 AM
                  To: Curran, Michael J (HSS)
                  Subject: RE: Thank you.

                  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                  person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                 From: Curran, Michael 3 (HSS)
                 Sent: Friday, December 21, 2007 8:53 AM
                 To: Wheeler, Stephanie (HSS); Sack, Ann Marie E (HSS); 'Scott Merriner'
                 Cc: Pullins, Jay D (GOV); Parnell, Sean R (GOV); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); 'Loren
                 Leman'; Ensch, Mike (DOC); Cashen, Cindy L (DOT); campbell_nancy@hotmail.com; 'Glenn Clary';



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0009092
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                  'Robert Flint; 'Judy Fulp'; 'Jeanie Greene'; Morris, Julie M (HSS); K]HAMILTON@aol.com; 'Levy'; Horton, Tara J
                  (HSS); Hansen, Lusiana T (DOA); ehamett@mtaonline.net; June Ulz; Kim J. Patterson D. Min.; 'kathleen
                  svenson'; June Ulz; revjishin@gmail.com; gjtent@gci.net; ryan_melissal@yahoo.com
                  Subject: Thank you.

                   Dear Folks@

                  I would just like to wish you all a blessed holiday season and express my thanks to you for your support of the
                  Alaska Office of Faith -Based and Community Initiatives . It is an honor to be part of the staff of this office . I thank
                  you for your work throughout the State of Alaska supporting the FBCI priorities and mission to improve the well-
                  being of all Alaskans by strengthening and expanding the contributions of faith -based and community initiatives.
                  I wish you and your family 's good health , prosperity and the strength to continue your "good works with gladness
                  and singleness of heart." Please keep in mind all of those people who we serve , in your prayers , hearts and
                  minds: the homeless , the excluded and disenfranchised , the children and families who are hungry or without
                  shelter, prisoners and captives without the freedoms we enjoy , At-Risk youth, those who suffer from mental and
                  physical illness , our veterans and our soldiers stationed throughout the world who are protecting our freedoms
                  here in Alaska and throughout our Nation , to the millions of people who don 't have the religious freedom to
                  worship their individual faith and to the children throughout this planet who suffer each day from war, famine and
                  disease. It is through our individual faith and spirituality , prayers and hope that we can help uplift all of our
                  Creator's children . In the words of the immortal character, Tiny Tim, created by Charles Dickens in his immortal A
                  Christmas Carol. "God Bless us Everyone. "

                  Peace Be With You,
                  Shalom,
                  Respectfully,
                  Michael

                  Michael Curran, Program Coordinator
                  Alaska Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives
                  State of Alaska, Department of Health and Social Services
                  350 Main Street, Suite 404
                  P.O. Box 110601
                  Juneau, Alaska 99811-0601
                  Tel: 907-465-6817




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009093
