  Unknown
  From :    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
  Sent:     Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:22 PM
  To:       Sarah Palin; krisandclark@yahoo.com; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; ivyfrye@yahoo.com
  Subject : FW: Mike Heimbuch's opinion piece


   Mike's final that went in the Clarion on spending and locally supported priorities.

   From : Jane Alberts [mailto:Jane_Alberts@legis.state.ak.us]
   Sent: Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:11 PM
   To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
   Subject : re: Mike Heimbuch's opinion piece



   Hi Frank:

   Hey, just wanted to thank you for getting Mike to write this piece. Nice to see this sentiment voiced once
   in awhile. I lived in Homer, too, for 17 years, and can concur with his view of this. And I sometimes
   wonder how much the public really knows or approves of, when it comes to state spending, other than
   what they ultimately read in the papers.

   'Fluffy stuff should be determined by the voters

   http://Peninsulaclarion . com/stories/040908/letters 4846 . shtml?p

   Have a nice day!

   Jane

   Jane Alberts
   Aide to Senator Con Bunde, District P
   Alaska State Capitol
   Juneau, Alaska 99801
   907-465-4843
   907-465-3871 FAX

   Web posted Wednesday, April 9, 2008

   'Fluffy stuff should be determined by the voters

  Senator Bert Stedman in Juneau has been defending his proposed district projects and
  fighting with the governor over her veto threats. In the newspaper he says: "I can defend
  and justify every project in that district. You'll see there is no fluffy stuff."

  Stedman's words reflect part of a problem with public spending, and Homer residents may
  have provided a suitable response with their recent vote on a bond issue.

  Legislators are the focal point for projects originated by municipalities and other interest
  groups. Certainly these groups don't see their projects as "fluffy stuff," nor do we expect
  them to since these projects often make it onto CIP wish lists of a city or borough. But


                                                                                                ROSTON 01920
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
   that may not be sufficient proof of public need or community support.

   In Homer this last month, by a 2-1 margin, voters rejected an $8 million bond for a new city hall
   and town center. This project had support of the Legislature, university, city government and
   several interest groups, stretching back many years.

   The Homer vote can be instructive for us. Often times the very people who bring projects forward
   for public funding have not measured the will of the people. The fact that an interest group or
   local government has a decent purpose in mind is not adequate reason to hold the public treasury
   hostage or badger people into spending it.

   It may be difficult to see why a governor might personally agree with and support the public
   purpose of a project ,, and yet find reason to disapprove spending public money on it. It is simply
   because the governor is not elected to impose their personal preferences upon the public or hand
   out some yearly allowance to well-behaved children. People expect the governor to apply a
   consistent and defensible approach for measuring public need prior to spending public money.

   To the extent that election of a governor reflects the will of the people ,, so then must the people's
   will be reflected in the veto pen of the governor.

   Mike Heimbuch

   Homer




                                                                                    ROSTON 01921

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
