Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:57 AM
               To:                     sruder@aol.com
               Subject:                RE: General Administration


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

               Sent: Thursday,   December 27, 2007 3:06 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: General-Administration




              Web mail from: Ms. Susan Ruder

              address: 64 Lime Mill Road Lagrangeville NY 12540




              MESSAGE:

              Honorable Ms Palin,



              You have made the news here in New York as one of a few fearless politicians, stressing
              ethics at a time when it is sorely needed. I am incredibly proud to know that a young
              woman (yourself) has the courage to do what she believes is right in a male dominated,
              oftentimes corrupt system. Having been involved in local politics I can only imagine how
              difficult that is at the state level.



              I have always maintained that I would support a candidate whose platform differed from
              mine as long as they were in politics for the right reasons. The country needs more like
              you and if you ever decide to run nationally, you have my support.



              Thank you for being such a positive role model.



              Sincerely,


                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0009094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Susan Ruder




              sruder@aol.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009095
