Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Unknown
                From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:                   Thursday, December 27, 2007 12:27 PM
                To:                     nls5@basicisp.net
                Subject:                RE: Other


                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
                information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
                unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
                being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
                need, suggestion, or comment.




                -----Original Message----

                From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 11:16 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other




               Web mail from: Mr. David Nelson

               address: 455 N.E. Quimby Ave. #200 Bend OR OR.




               MESSAGE:

               Govenor Palin




               From a 62 yr.old lifetime Republican congratulations on your stand against more of the
               same old politics, it is so great to hear of a Govenor that doesn't just make campaign
               promises but actually follows through with them, i wish you was running for President i
               wouldn't have to vote for the lesser of two evils.

               I came across a AP.. article and clicked on the link and went to your web page,you have to
               have the best website, our

               Goverment officials should have such a open, straight up website

               and webmaster extraordinare.Again thank you and all the best in the New Year.

               David Nelson Bend OR.




               nls5obasicisp.net




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009088
