Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:49 AM
               To:                     bwsutton010@yahoo.com
               Subject:                RE: Oil&amp;Gas


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Wednesday,    December 26, 2007 8:25 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Oil&amp;Gas




              Web mail from: Mr. Bruce Sutton

              address :   1334 35th Ave. N St. Petersburg FL 33704




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,




              I read an interesting article about you on Yahoo this evening concerning your recent
              legislative achievements including raising taxes on Big oil and your courageous ethics
              probes. While I'm hardly a constiuent, and am a registered Independent that tends to vote
              Democratic, I have to say that you might possibly be the only Republican I'd EVER consider
              voting for. . .keep up the good work. If we're ever going to turn this country back around
              and restore at least a semblance of credibility to the electoral process, it'll be in
              large part due to the efforts of public servants like yourself.



              Best wishes,




              Bruce W .   Sutton




              bwsuttonolo@yahoo.com



                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009107
