Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown

               From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                      Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:54 AM
               To:                        Clarence@aclarocco.com
               Subject:                   RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need , suggestion , or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:41 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other




               Web mail from :       Clarence Scott

               address :   304 S .   Conklin, # 10 Spakane Valley WA 99037




              MESSAGE:




              Congratulation Governor Palin on being such an effective leader.



                I read an article on the front page of the Spokesman - Review ( very positive ) this morning
              on the fine job you are doing as Alaska ' s Governor.



              it is very refreshing to see a family step forward to show the American people they can
              make a positive difference.



              It is not necessary to respond . I just wanted you to know that there are many people
              outside Alaska are very impressed with the leadership direction you are taking . Please let
              your family know we appreciate the support they provide you as well.



              My very best,
                                                                      1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0009099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Clarence Scott, Washington State Businessman



               clarence@aclarocco.com




                                                            2
