Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:52 AM
              To:                      DaveMetrano@yahoo.com
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday,    December 26, 2007 5:35 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from : Mr. David Metrano

              address :   48 Norwood Ave Manchester -by-the- Sea MA 01944

               978-526-1454




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,



              It is with great interest that I follow your current term as Governor of the Great State
              of Alaska. Any time you would like to come to Massachusetts and run for governor, I'll be
              the first one here to shake your hand and give total support.



              We need somebody here to deal with the "good ole boy network". I campaigned for Governor
              Duval Patrick and I am sorry to say I am totally disappointed. If changes have occured,
              there not for the better. Maybe you could show him how to get things done.



              God Bless you and your family, continue with your great work.



              A fan from little Manchester -by-the- Sea, Massachusetts.



              Dave Metrano
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0009104
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               DaveMetrano@yahoo.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009105
