Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Thursday, December 27, 2007 9:00 AM
                  To:       John Bockemuehl
                  Subject: RE: Happy New Year!


                   Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                   have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                   every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                   person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




                   From: John Bockemuehl [mailto:jbockemuehl@johniscott.com]
                   Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 6:01 AM
                   To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                   Subject: Happy New Year!




                   Dear Governor Palin,

                   Lana and I hope that you had a very Merry Christmas and are asking that you have a Happy New Year.
                   I just finished reading the article about you in the Spokesman-Review and am very pleased. You are
                   making a dramatic change in Alaska in standing for ethics and what is right and not letting the "political
                   correct" have its way.

                   As an example, we have an antique/vintage/home decor shop in Oldtown, Idaho which is 1 block away
                   from Newport, Washington. Over this Christmas season I have wished everyone a Merry Christmas as
                   that is what the season is all about, the birth of Jesus. It is amazing the responses I get of which the
                   most are that people would like to continue with the old tradition of Merry Christmas instead of a Family
                   Tree or Holiday Tree or whatever other nonsense there is. My saying for many years now is that if it is
                   political correct, it is probably 99.9% biblically and morally wrong.

                   I may have told you this in previous emails , but I feel the same about fish and wildlife, especially after
                   being an Alaska State Trooper and also a Fish and Wildlife Officer, and that is if the politicians and the
                   environmentalists would not interfere with the wolf, grizzly bear, whales, salmon issues, etc , with
                   money, power, greed and control and trying to get votes for the next election, but do what is right and let
                   the Fish and Game Management manage the Game and Wildlife as they have been taught to do
                   without any personal gain of their own, I don't believe there would ever be a problem of over/under
                   fishing or hunting or whatever the case may be. To many people want to have their hands in the pie
                   that don't need to be involved and a lot of the reason is for power, greed and control. That is why our
                   fuel situation is the way it is today - power, greed and control and absolutely no excuse for it.

                   My heart still goes out to Alaska and all the people that live there, especially the natives. It goes way
                   back to my childhood and if there was a way that I could help them - I would. I am sure a lot of it is
                   when I was a State Trooper in Kodiak and the Alaska Peninsula.

                   I am not sure how long I will be in the real estate market. I have been in it less than a year and find it
                   very cutthroat and greedy. There are a lot of classes on ethics but very seldom followed. It is very hard



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0009116
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2




                   for me to sell something that is over-priced to begin with. It is also hard for me to see people losing their homes
                   to foreclosure, and yes it could be their fault as well because they over-extended but just the same they are
                   going through a very difficult financial time and then other people who are picking up the foreclosures and are
                   getting rich off them. It is not right and something needs to be done about both sides of that situation.

                   I am very proud of you and your staff for making some strong stands and not being swayed to the right or left for
                   whatever might come against you, but staying true for what is right and moral for the State of Alaska and the
                   people of Alaska. I wish that more states would follow example.

                   As you look to the Lord in everything, may He give you His wisdom, strength, comfort, joy, peace and may His
                   love be shown through you on a daily basis in everything and wherever you are. Blessings to you, your family,
                   staff and the people of Alaska, John and Lona Bockemuehl




                   John F Bockemuehl
                   Realtor
                   John L Scott Real Estate
                   Licensed in Washington and Idaho
                   Priest Lake Office
                   509-671-1162 Cell
                   208-443-3333 Office
                   208-443 -3105 Office Fax

                   Newport Office
                   509-447- 3144 Office
                   509-447- 2812 Office Fax
                   email: jbockemuehl @johnlscott.com
                   website : www.johnlscott.com/jbockemuehl




                   No virus found in this outgoing message.
                   Checked by AVG Free Edition.
                   Version: 7.5.516 / Virus Database: 269.17.9/1198 - Release Date: 12/26/2007 5:26 PM




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0009117
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                   From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                   Sent:    Thursday, December 27, 2007 10:36 AM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Register Today for 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon



                  From: World Trade Center Alaska [mailto:info@wtcak.org]
                  Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 10:33 AM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Register Today for 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon




                                                                                ntheon


                                     Please join us for an informative took atAlaska's
                                     economy and forecast ofmarket trends in 2008
                                                           Sponsored by:

                                                                c: J.S
                                                                A RGO




                     A Preview of Alaska's Economic Outlook for 2008

                      Dear Members and Friends of the Center:

                     From all of us here at the Trade Center, please enjoy a safe and enjoyable holiday
                     season with your family and friends. It's a great time of the year to share time and




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0009118
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 2 of 3




                      good cheer with those most important to us.

                      Have you signed up yet? Please take a few moments now to mark your calendar
                      for January 23, 2008 and plan to attend the 5th Annual Statewide Economic
                      Forecast Luncheon brought to you by WTCAK and Wells Fargo, the event sponsor.
                      This is one of the state 's largest gatherings of business , government and
                      civic leaders and a business luncheon you cannot afford to miss. As in previous
                      years, we anticipate this event will be sold out so don't put off making your
                      registration.

                      There will be three presentations during the lunch:

                      The Statewide Economic Review and 2008 Forecast by Pat Burden, President
                      of Northern Economics. Burden, one of the state's most respected analysts, will
                      report on Alaska's major industries, economic engines and forecast how they will
                      perform in 2008.

                      An International Update by a Senior Economist from Wells Fargo. The bank
                      representative will discuss current economic trends in the markets most important to
                      Alaska's export industries

                      How Exports Benefit Alaska ' s Economy by Greg Wolf, Executive Director of
                      World Trade Center Alaska. Wolf will report on Alaska's major markets, leading
                      exports and the impact of exports on Alaska's economic well-being.

                      You can reserve an individual seat, or a number of seats, for you and others. Or, you
                      can sponsor a table and use the occasion to invite your customers, colleagues and
                      friends.

                      There are a number of benefits associated with table sponsorship:

                      Premium Placement - sponsored tables will be placed in the best positions to view
                      the head table and screens.

                      Guaranteed Seating - regardless of what time you and your guest arrive at the
                      luncheon, you will sit together at the same table.

                     Corporate Recognition - your company or organization name will be visible from a
                     sign on your table.

                     This will be a content rich event and we hope that you will attend or send someone
                     from your company to participate.

                     The registration cost is $35 per individual seat or you can sponsor a table of 10
                     for $500.

                     To make your table reservation today, please call WTCAK at 278-7233. We accept
                     MasterCard, Visa, American Express and checks. Or use the convenient
                     registration form provided with this letter and fax it to 278-2982.

                     Best Regards and Happy Holidays,




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009119
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 3 of 3




                      Greg Wolf
                      Executive Director


                                                 Click here to download Registration Form


                                                       "Serving Alaska 's Business Community Since 1987"




                        Forward email

                                                                                                           Email Marketing by
                        ® SafeUnsubscribe®
                        This email was sent to governor a@gov.state.ak.us, by info(cbwtcak.ora
                        Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribeTM i Privacy Policy.                            Cor    rrtxNlgcr
                                                                                                             TRY IT FREE


                        World Trade Center Alaska 1431 W 7th Avenue, Suite 108 i Anchorage i AK 199501




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009120
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                              Page 1 of 4


                  Unknown

                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:57 AM
                  To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : Dec. 26, 2007-Jan. 1, 2008



                  From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                  Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 12:04 AM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Dec. 26, 2007-3an. 1, 2008

                                           If you are having trouble viewing this email; you may see it online.




                   Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin: Dec. 26, 2007-Jan. 1, 2008


                  HEADLINES...
                  1. Private Equity Firm Buys Liberty Waste Services
                  2. Ohio Judge Allows District to Ban outside Waste
                  3. Drink it up; Big Improvement in California Container Recycling
                  4. Moody' s Investors Service Upgrades Republic Services Debt
                  5. Environmental Justice Legislation Reintroduced
                  6. EnGlobe Corp . Wins Important Contracts
                  7. AERT Secures $ 13.5 Million Funding for New Waste Mining
                     Facility


                   The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                   provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                   please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   Slgnup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                   Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues. ,_ ..



                  Market Radius Reports
                  Focus on Your Market...
                  Market radius reports capture all waste
                  operations within a given market. They
                  provide analysis of the major players by
                  market share, and show historical trends
                  of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                  to that area . [Learn More...]




                  1. PRIVATE EQUITY FIRM BUYS LIBERTY WASTE SERVICES
                     Private equity firm Centre Partners Management LLC has acquired Liberty
                     Waste Services LLC, which they renamed Environmental Logistics Services
                     LLC. Uberty provides waste transportation and disposal services for
                     customers throughout the Northeast and Midwest. Operations include a




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0009121
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 2 of 4


                     rail transloading facility in Kearny, New Jersey , a 1,285 acre landfill In
                     Springfield Township, Ohio, and a transfer station in Bridgeport , Ohio. The
                     acquisition was in partnership with Liberty' s senior management and an
                     affiliated company , Centre Environmental Partners Inc. which is led by
                     environmental Industry veterans Ross Patten and Scott Bernstein ... Read
                     More))


                   2. OHIO JUDGE ALLOWS DISTRICT TO BAN OUTSIDE WASTE
                      An Ohio judge ruled that the Stark-Tuscarawas-Wayne Solid Waste
                      District has the power to exclude waste from outside counties, specifically
                      Summit and Cuyahoga counties, if they fail to recycle as much waste as
                      that of the district. Initially, the National Solid Waste management
                      Association (NSWMA) filed a lawsuit challenging the validity of such a law.
                      Ultimately Judge Richard D. Reinbold ruled in favor saying that the district
                      was "within Its rights" but delayed enactment of the rule from Jan. 1 until
                      June 1, 2009. NSWMA general counsel David Biderman said the group was
                      "disappointed generally" with the decision and considering an
                     appeal... Read More a


                  3. DRINK IT UP; BIG IMPROVEMENT IN CALIFORNIA CONTAINER
                     RECYCLING
                     The latest report by the California Department of Conservation indicates a
                     dramatic increase In the volume of recycled beverage containers.
                     Californians recycled more than 6 . 9 billion beverage containers , nearly
                     800 million more during the first half of this year compared with last year.
                     Officials there attribute the success to an Increase in the deposit fees and
                     processing improvements . The study showed that 57% of all beverage
                     containers and 70% of aluminum cans are now being recycled in the
                     state ... Read More))


                                  ESSENTIAL REFERENCE &MARKET TOOL

                  Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                  the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and
                  comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                  processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                   The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                   powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                   to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                   materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                   stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                   (Learn More...]


                  4. MOODY' S INVESTORS SERVICE UPGRADES REPUBLIC
                     SERVICES DEBT
                     Moody's investor Service upgraded Republic Services Inc.'s senior
                     unsecured debt saying it had a stable future and consistent pace of
                     revenue growth , solid profit margins and conservative balance sheet.
                     Moody ' s also praised Republic for having a diversified revenue stream,
                     and owning valuable , permitted disposal assets for which there are
                     increasingly fewer substitutes . The rating also speaks to Moody 's general
                     confidence in the waste industry ... Read More »


                  5. ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE LEGISLATION REINTRODUCED
                     Florida congressman Alcee Hastings has reintroduced environmental
                     justice legislation that would require federal agencies to establish and
                     measure the performance of programs to address the environmental
                     impacts on minority and low-income populations... Read More *



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0009122
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                      Page 3 of 4



                  6. ENGLOBE CORP . WINS IMPORTANT CONTRACTS
                     Canadian- based integrated environmental services company EnGlobe
                     Corp . reports winning two contracts that will provide long-term revenue
                     streams in both its organic waste management and remediation
                     businesses . The Company 's organic waste subsidiary GSI Environment
                     Inc. won a five -year contract to supply pulp and paper sludge to Kruger
                     Inc.'s new 23 -megawatt biomass cogeneration plant at its Brompton mill
                     near Sherbrooke , Quebec. In addition , the company 's remediation
                     subsidiary Biogenie S.R.D.C Inc . won a three-year extension to manage
                     Petro-Canada 's contaminated soil treatment facility in East
                     Montreal... Read More »

                                                               11
                  7. AERT SECURES $ 13.5 MILLION FUNDING FOR NEW WASTE
                     MINING FACILITY
                     Springdale Ark.-based AERT, Inc., which manufactures building products
                     from recycled material, has secured $13.5 million to build a new waste
                     mining facility near Watts, OK. The facility Is expected to reduce raw
                     material costs and ensure a steady supply amid a market impacted by
                     high petrochemical prices and increasingly volatile supply... Read More »


                                                       Shoe of the Waste Management Industry
                                                       Historical and Projected
                  Outlook                              on8" sus)
                  The Waste Market Overview
                  examines the industry top to
                  bottom covering waste
                  generation , collection,
                  processing , recovery and
                  disposal by revenue and
                  volume . The report details the
                  relationship of past and future
                  pricing to capacity and demand
                  for disposal , and shows the
                  increasing role of the private
                  sector . Waste equipment and
                  the emerging Importance of e-
                  waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  · Market Revenues by Segment
                  · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                  · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                  · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                  · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                  · Competition In Waste Among the Major Players
                  · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                  · Waste Management Equipment
                  [Learn More...




                   ABOUT US
                   Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                   variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                   on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                   can help you.
                   CONTACT US
                   PO Box 40034
                   San Diego , CA 92164-0034
                   Tel 619.793.5190



                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0009123
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                    Page 4 of 4


                    Fax 619.793.4713
                    Email info @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                    FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                    Forward email
                    UNSUBSCRIBE
                    This email was sent to office_of_the_governor@gov.state. ak.us, by
                    info@wastebusinessiournal.com
                    Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                    SafeUnsubscribeTM I Privacy Policy.
                    QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                    Email thompson @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                    DISCLAIMER
                    Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                    and are unintentional.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0009124
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                   From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov)
                   Sent:       Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:56 AM
                   To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject : FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                  From: Manhattan Institute (mailto:tmi@manhattan -institute.org]
                  Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 5:45 AM
                  To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                  Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                   Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                               December 27,




                           The Biggest Mies Collection
                           Julia Vitullo -Martin , The Wall Street Journal, December 22, 2007
                           On the edge of downtown Detroit, just east of the Chrysler Freeway and not far from Detroit's still-
                           troubled neighborhoods, lies Lafayette Park, one of the nation's most beautiful -- and most obscure --
                           residential developments. Composed of three sections -- a high-rise apartment building and 21
                           multiple-unit townhouses on the western border, 13 acres of landscaping down the center, and twin
                           apartment towers on the east -- Lafayette Park holds the largest collection of buildings in the world
                           designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe...




                         Nicole Gelinas on NPR's "Bryant Park Project"
                         Today, December 27, 2007, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and City Journal contributing editor
                         Nicole Gelinas was on National Public Radio's "Bryant Park Project." She discussed Boston's "Big Dig"
                         project, a subject she wrote about in her City Journal article, "Lessons of Boston's Big Dig."




                         PointofLaw.com
                         "DOD's Free Pass for Tort Fraud"
                         Posted by Walter Olson
                         In a scathing WSJ op-ed -- subscriber-only at the moment -- Cardozo lawprof and friend of this site
                         Lester Brickman assails the U.S. Department of Justice for its apparent unwillingness to pursue signs c
                         fraud in mass asbestos and silicosis litigation. Discussion: Cliff Hutchinson (applauding the article),
                         Esoteric Appeal (taking the interesting view that it isn't fraud for a "party trying to prove their case" tc
                         tailor a diagnosis to fit).




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0009125
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                   Page 2 of 2



                       MedicalProt?ressTodam
                       Silent Night Bah Humbug
                       Posted by Benjamin Zycher
                       The looming election season does not bode well for the triumph of peace and quiet . So you think that
                       SCHIP and Medicare and Medicaid and the VA and the other health-care machinations that show up on
                       the front page are enough to keep the elves busy on Capitol Hill? Guess again . In the last year, even a
                       quick review reveals the following attempts at health-care meddling, in various stages of completion in
                       the legislative oven...


                     Sincerely,
                     William G. Zeiser       Samara M. Klar           Bridget E. Sweeney
                     Press Officer           Press Officer            Press Officer


                                   Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                  Comm unicationsOmanhattan-institute.org, 212.599.7000


                                              Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                           Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                              Or If you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe" in the subject line.




                  11/9/2009



                                                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0009126
