Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                     Friday, December 28, 2007 7:23 PM
               To:                       Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
               Cc:                       Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
               Subject:                  Fw: Misc.


               Bruce - do you know    Privileged or ?   She's recommended as interim Aidea director until we find
               the czar?

               Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

               From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



               Date: Sat,.29 Dec 2007 04:20:47

               To:"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

               Subject:   Re: Misc.




               Do you know   Privileged or P


              Annette should go ahead with the 40hr work week offer.                 Does she need any more
              approval/guidance on salary issue?



              Very anxious to also work on state of state... If you want to send me anything you and
              beth have drafted thus far, I'll start going over it too.



              Re Hamel - we keep telling him we're on his side. He'll either believe it or he won't. At
              some point I'll talk to him myself again, but I don't want us to waste time trying to
              convince him if he's only hearing what he wants to hear.

              Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 28 Dec 2007 18:04:58

              To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Subject: Misc.
                                                                       1




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0009131
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Governor,


              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               I wanted to pass along that Beth and I have been working on the first run of the State of
               the State.  I have been thinking about how to tie together a number of items on a big
               vision scale and having Beth help pull together concepts and research to include in the
               text (unemployment rates , economic indicators , new jobs on the slope , etc.). I was
               planning on preparing about a 35 minute draft that I can get to you by the end of Monday.
               Let me know if this will work for you.



              I have corresponded with Chuck Hamel regarding his latest letter to you and Chairman
              Miller .   I have also sent an inquiry to the State Fire Marshall ' s Office regarding the
              existence of a GC1 daily log that he claims proves a cover up. This inquiry is in
              addition to the information request sent to the PSIO which resulted in many pages of
              material .   I requested specific evidence from Chuck and he said he would prepare some
              information for me this weekend .   His allegations against BP are strong and his criticism
              of DPS and DNR is unforgiving .   I can send you the recent emails if you like but he claims
              our failure to comment to the Wall Street Journal this week was a political blunder. I
              don't see the ability to say much more than we are researching his claims until he
              provides more specific evidence.



              The employee salary issue and the press office are still on the top of my mind. I am
              holding off any action until we discuss further. If you have direction or additional
              questions , please let me know.



              Thank you.



              Mike




                                                                   2




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0009132
