Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, December 27, 2007 8:48 AM
              To:                      ohgoodgrief@wildblue.net
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Wednesday,    December 26, 2007 9:13 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. JT Day

              address: PO Box 216 Eastport ID 83826




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin:




              I read in your bio that your son has joined the US Army. I know that you must be at once
              proud and apprehensive about him. As the father of a career US Army soldier, I want to
              tell you that we share your feelings .  My son is currently on his second long tour of duty
              in Iraq with the 3rd Infantry Division.   His mom and I wish him well and thank you for
              your having allowed him to serve our country.



              Sincerely,



              JT Day

              Good Grief, Idaho USA




              ohgoodgrief@wildblue.net


                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009110
