Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown

               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Friday, December 28, 2007 1:35 PM
               To:                     rkadupey@hotmail.com
               Subject :               RE: Oil&amp;Gas


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent: Friday, December 28, 2007 1:18 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



               Web mail from: Roger Dupey

               address: HC 89, Box 8104 Talkeetna AK 99676

                907-733-5597




               MESSAGE:

               Dear Governor Palin:

              When you were elected governor, we weren 't sure what to expect but let us say that we are
              both pleasantly surprised.   It is so refreshing to have a "fresh face" in government. You
              have given us hope for a more responsible and more honest government. We appreciate you
              standing up to the oil and gas industry and the entrenched "good old boys", many of whom
              as you know are controlled by big business lobbyists.



              So far we have seen nothing but good coming from your office and you have two new
              supporters in us.  Keep up the good work. If we can be of service in your next election,
              please contact us.




              Thank You!



              Roger and Kris Dupey
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0009144
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Two farmers from Talkeetna



               rkadupey@hotmail.com




                                                         2
