Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, December 28, 2007 8:54 AM
              To:                     gthomp917@comcast.net
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, December 28, 2007 4:35 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. royann Thompson

              address: 2560 Hidden Woods Drive Canton MI 48188




              MESSAGE:

              I just read an article on you in the Detroit Free Press and I have to tell you,- it makes
              you sound pretty impressive to me.

              The Free Press is not known for making anyone Republican sound good in any way.

              It sounds like you are the type of politician this country needs who really does have
              conviction to make things right and do it for the right reasons.

              I am a registered Independent like your husband, my husband is a Republican and we will
              both be watching your career in politics.

              Good luck to you and your family.



              Royann Thompson



              gthomp9l7@comcast.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0009157
