Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, December 28, 2007 8:47 AM
              To:                     aballistar@gimail.af.mil
              Subject:                RE: Elections


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Thursday, December 27, 2007 5:41 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections




              Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Elbaum

              address: 3483 King Edward Way Beavercreek OH 45431




              MESSAGE:

              Govenor Palin,




              There is a buzz in the grassroots campaign of Congressman Ron Paul that you would be a
              great choice to run as Vice President of our nation in his administration. I tend to
              agree with this assessment .  Dr. Paul has been quite receptive to suggestions from his
              grassroots , and he may decide to look into our recommendation. Would this be something
              you would be receptive to? Please give it some thought.



              Thanks!



              Joe




              aballistar@gimail.af.mil


                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0009159
