Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
            Sent:                    Friday, December 28, 2007 1:57 PM
            To:                      Sarah Palin
            Subject:                 FW: AGIA' applicant "completeness review' press conference


             Governor,




            I am sure you have seen this but Marty is suggesting that we possibly delay the AGIA
            announcement to the 7th given the conflict with the cabinet meeting. My opinion is that
            we can move the cabinet meeting to the 7th or 8th if needed rather than the AGIA
            announcement.  I can not think of anything that is so critical that we could not wait
            another day or two to discuss with the cabinet..



            Mike




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Sent: Friday, December 28, 2007 1:43 PM

            To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            Subject: AGIA' applicant "completeness review" press conference




            Governor, Mike,

            Pat and Tom were just discussing the Cabinet Meeting scheduled for next Friday, January
            4th, from 10am-noon.   I wanted to let you know that this was the same date/timeframe we
            were hoping to use on the AGIA "completeness review" press conference. This roll-out must
            be sequenced as follows:

            9:00am - 9:45am - Briefing Congressional delegation;

            9:45am - 10:30am - Phone calls to Legislative leadership and specific friendly legislators
            by one team; as well as phone calls to all Applicants by another team;

            11:00am - 12noon - Press Conference announcing results of AGIA' completeness review;

            No Later Than 12noon - Legal & Public Notices hand-delivered to the Anch Daily News by
            their noon deadline. It is this public notice that allows us to make the AGIA'
            completeness review public and triggers the public review. Legally these must be
            sequenced and this entire roll-out must occur before the Daily News. noon deadline.
            Therefore, if this schedule cannot occur on the morning of January 4th, we need to have
            the AGIA' "completeness review" press conference delayed to January 7th, as we cannot be
            ready before the 4th.   Please advise how I should handle this as I have the team really
            "cranking" in order to make the 4th, and waiting till the 7th would provide them a bit of
            breathing room.

            Thanks, and if you want to talk, please call me at #317-4728.

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0009164
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Marty




                                                      2




                                                                                                   P RA_G S P01 _0009165
