Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
              Sent:                    Saturday, December 29, 2007 9:54 AM
              To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
              Subject :                Fw: Metcalfe delivers belated X-mas present again...


              Don't know how much basis this has but its interesting.



              Sure hope APOC commissioners choose a strong Executive Dir when Brooke leaves!



               ----- Original Message -----

              From: Stephen Taufen <staufeneseanet.com>

              To: Undisclosed-Recipient:; <Undisclosed-Recipient:;>

              Sent: Sat Dec 29 09:40:34 2007

              Subject: Metcalfe delivers belated X- mas present again...




              Metcalfe: McGuire lobbied and bribed




               'UGLY ALLEGATIONS': The new complaint to the APOC is ridiculous, her lawyer says.




              By SEAN COCKERHAM

              scockerham@adn.com I scockerham@adn.com



              Anchorage Daily News:      December 29th, 2007 04:52 AM




              U.S. Senate candidate Ray Metcalfe filed a complaint Friday with the Alaska Public Offices
              Commission that claims state Sen. Lesil McGuire's work as a consultant for Providence
              Health System amounted to "lobbying and bribery."




              It's the latest in a series of accusations that Metcalfe has leveled against McGuire, an
              Anchorage Republican.



              Her lawyer, Charles Dunnagan, said that the claim is ridiculous and Metcalfe's previous
              accusations have been dismissed.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0009177
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                "It is easy to bandy about these ugly, ugly allegations," Dunnagan said.



               McGuire described her 2003 work for Providence on state financial disclosure forms as
               "consulting and research ." Metcalfe , who lost to McGuire in a 2000 race for the state
               House of Representatives , alleges in his written complaint that it was something more.



               "I believe APOC should require her to amend her description of her work to read lobbying
               and bribery ,' " charged Metcalfe , who is running for the U . S. Senate as a Democrat. He
               said McGuire was paid to advise Providence on how to get money from the state.



               The complaint also asks the Alaska Public Offices Commission to refer the matter to the
               criminal division of the state Department of-Law and the legislative ethics committee.



               Metcalfe's original complaint to the public offices commission, filed in March, alleged
               McGuire kept changing her description of what she did for the money . The commission, after
               hearing from Metcalfe at a meeting in September , expanded the investigation to also cover
               whether McGuire had done actual work for the $10,500 she received from Providence.



               The commissioners unanimously decided earlier this month that there was no evidence to
               support the allegations . So they dismissed Metcalfe ' s complaint.



               But documents released as part of that APOC investigation showed that McGuire ' s consulting
               job included working with Providence ' s lobbyist , former Rep . Eldon Mulder , on how the
               hospital could get money from the state as part of a land deal involving the old Alaska
               Psychiatric Institute.




               One of the commission members , Elizabeth Hickerson , said she thought it was a conflict of
               interest for McGuire to have been involved in lobbying strategy . At a meeting on Sept. 14,
               Hickerson wanted to send the issue to the legislative ethics committee to decide if there
               was a violation.



               But the commission members voted 3 to 2 to instead postpone the subject until their
               February meeting . APOC ' s staff and lawyer are to look into it in the meantime.



               Assistant attorney general Jan DeYoung has told the commission she does not think what
               McGuire did counts as lobbying under the law. That's because there ' s no evidence McGuire
               had communication with lawmakers on behalf of Providence, DeYoung told APOC.



              Metcalfe argues in his new complaint that is too narrow a definition of lobbying . He also
              argues that it is bribery for a state legislator to get paid to advise a company on
              legislative strategy.



              McGuire provided a sworn statement to APOC that her work for Providence did not involve
                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0009178
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              legislation or health care issues before the Legislature . She also said in the statement
              that she " never crafted or sponsored a budget item , that , to my knowledge, benefited
              Providence."



              Her lawyer , Dunnagan, said APOC has not found any wrongdoing by McGuire , while it keeps
              finding Metcalfe ' s claims against her to be unsubstantiated . Dunnagan said APOC
              proceedings should not degenerate into a forum to say nasty things about public officials
              with no evidence.



              He also said Metcalfe shouldn' t make baseless allegations against Providence.



              "No matter how he feels about McGuire, who beat him in an election, this is one of the
              largest employers in the state, the Sisters of Providence," Dunnagan said . "This has some
              serious implications."                       ,



              Metcalfe filed his complaint late on Friday afternoon . A Providence spokeswoman did not
              have an immediate comment on it. McGuire did not return a message on her cell phone Friday
              night regarding the latest complaint.



              Metcalfe , who founded the Republican Moderate Party, has a history of pressing APOC
              complaints . He was among the first to publicly cry foul over former state Senate President
              Ben Stevens ' consulting contracts . Stevens is now under federal investigation but has not
              been charged and denies wrongdoing.




              Find Sean Cockerham online at adn.com / contact / scockerham or call him at 257-4344.




                                                             3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0009179
