Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From :     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
                  Sent:      Friday, December 28, 2007 6:05 PM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Subject: Misc.


                Governor,
                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                I wanted to pass along that Beth and I have been working on the first run of the State of the State . I have been
                thinking about how to tie together a number of items on a big vision scale and having Beth help pull together
                concepts and research to include in the text (unemployment rates, economic indicators , new jobs on the slope,
                etc.). I was planning on preparing about a 35 minute draft that I can get to you by the end of Monday. Let me
                know if this will work for you.

                I have corresponded with Chuck Hamel regarding his latest letter to you and Chairman Miller. I have also sent an
                inquiry to the State Fire Marshall's Office regarding the existence of a GC1 daily log that he claims proves a cover
                up. This inquiry is in addition to the information request sent to the PSIO which resulted in many pages of
                material. I requested specific evidence from Chuck and he said he would prepare some information for me this
                weekend . His allegations against BP are strong and his criticism of DPS and DNR is unforgiving . I can send you
                the recent emails if you like but he claims our failure to comment to the Wall Street Journal this week was a
                political blunder. I don't see the ability to say much more than we are researching his claims until he provides
                more specific evidence.

               The employee salary issue and the press office are still on the top of my mind. I am holding off any action until
               we discuss further. If you have direction or additional questions , please let me know.

                Thank you.

                Mike




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009161
