Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, December 31, 2007 8:45 AM
              To:                      colinandkathy@att.net
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Saturday, December 29, 2007 6:35 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Colin Matthews

              address :   12790 FM 775 Floresville TX 78114

                830-393-7976




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin, I worked for the State of Alaska for 18 years, 17 of those handling only
              Medical Board cases, I retired in late 05 and them moved to Texas. I spoke with you prior
              to your run for Gov, and thought then that you were the person to do the job. I just read
              an article in the San Antonio Express News about the progress in Alaska that you have
              made--makes me wish I had stayed with the state a little longer. It is great to see that
              the old guard has fallen alongside the road and that you have taken steps to make
              government work for the whole state not just a chosen few as has been the case too often
              in the past.

              I congratulate you on the job you are doing and wish you a bright political future.

              Colin Matthews.



              colinandkathy@att.net




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0009202
