Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Monday, December 31, 2007 9:18 AM
               To:                     tasm*fth@gci.net
               Subject:                RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us].

               Sent: Monday, December 31, 2007 12:16 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. Tammy Smith

              address : 4201 York Ave Fairbanks AK 99709




              MESSAGE:

              To   Honorable Governor Palin,



              Today I read the sad accounting of Benazir Bhutto's last moments. The loss of this great
              woman as a leader in an area of the world where women are rarely given any of the rights
              we take for granted in our country is immeasurable. What a sorrowful day for the people of
              Pakistan and for all of human and civil rights.



              As I was reading this in my favorite coffee shop, I looked up and saw a bumper sticker
              hanging near the door. It said "Alaska: The coolest spot, the hottest governor." I
              realize you have absolutely no control over what is printed about you, but you do have
              control over magazine pieces featuring style and various other current fashionable trends.



              I am a mother of two daughters who attend the University of Fairbanks. We discussed the
              bumper sticker and the magazine issue. While both girls agreed it is part of being the
              first female governor and being much more attractive than previous governors, they also
              agreed that your actions beyond the regular duties of governor should always answer the
              question of how will this increase the positve role of women as intelligent, thoughtful
              leaders.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009198
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    P RA_G S P01 _0009199
