Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 6


                  Unknown
                  From:    Chenega Master [masters©chenega . dot.state.ak.us]
                  Sent:    Tuesday , January 01 , 2008 6:26 PM
                  To:      van Kirk; Charles K (DOT)
                  Cc:      sarah palin; leo .von scheben ; Hardy ; Dennis L (DOT); senator albert kookesh ; representative kyle
                           johansen ; representative andrea doll ; senator kim elton; representative beth kerttula ; senator bert
                           stedman ; representative bill thomas ; representative john harris ; representative peggy wilson ; Master,
                           Chenega (DOT sponsored ); Master; Fairweather (DOT sponsored)
                  Subject: AMHS Operating Plans 2008 /2009 along with a few questions , thoughts,concerns, and ideas?
                  Mr. Chuck Van Kirk,

                  Happy New Year.

                  I am writing to voice my concerns regarding the most recent proposed operating plans for the
                  AMHS fleet re-deployment in Summer 2008 through 2009.

                 As one of the Captains aboard the Fairweather you can probably understand why I am not in
                 favor of the change of pulling the FVF Fairweather from the Summer Lynn Canal route. The
                 Fairweather has been #I over the past couple of years for having carried the most passengers and
                 vehicles fleet wide. The public has been very happy with this vessels comfortable interior and
                 greatly enjoys riding aboard it as well as the short transit times provided by it's speedy service
                 along with morning departures from Juneau, (ABY), that get people up to Haines, (HNS), and
                 traveling North on the highway by 1030 AM. I fmd it a bit frustrating when AMHS establishes
                 or experiments with some new or different routes with some of our ships to only have the public
                 get used to a schedule for 4 years with reliable Summer service, (ie; Fairweather), on set days of
                 the week at set times of the day that they can count on and then we do a major change up of this
                 type as shown in the 2008/2009 AMHS Operating Plan. This type of re-deployment of vessels
                 causes a major disruption of service within the system that greatly affects the traveling public
                 and businesses and I don't see it as an advancement or change for the better. I realize that every
                 port would probably love to have day boat service with convenient day time departures and
                 arrivals but this just isn't possible with our present fleet of vessels. I thought an FVF, (Fast
                 Vehicle Ferry), was supposed to bridge the gap in Lynn Canal and take the place of the Lynn
                 Canal highway and/or to cover for the time frame while the road was being built? The
                 Fairweather is an excellent platform for this Lynn Canal corridor service and it's design is well
                 suited to allow for a double run per day up and down Lynn Canal which equates to a larger
                 slower boat capacity all within a day boat, (12 hr schedule), operation with reduced crew size
                 and costs.

                 So I imagine this proposed new re-deployment of vessels will probably end up becoming reality
                 so before I get to far along I have a few questions regarding some parts of the operating plan so
                 hopefully I will more fully understand the reasoning behind some of the changes. I hope I am
                 not coming across as being opposed to change since change is usually inevitable and as every
                 one knows AMHS seriously needs some changes. We all know that AMHS definitely needs to
                 tighten it's belt and try and save where it can by maximizing some of the efficiencies that are
                 already available to us if some of our present vessels were utilized to there maximum potential
                 and effectiveness by matching the best class of vessels to operate upon there most effective and
                 efficient routes. This is something that can be done now to bridge the gap as new road
                 connections become reality and new types of ferries are built and phased into the system to move
                 AMHS ahead to become a more efficient transportation operation that the public can trust and



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0009226
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 6


                  rely on and the crews can feel proud of.

                  #1 If the Malaspina is re -deployed to Lynn Canal , how will it be set up and what are it's effects on
                  the other parts of the system?

                  a) Will it be a "Day Boat"? (How will crew levels be set?, will they run during the day and tie up at
                  night - day crew/night cleaning & maintenance crew like FWX?)

                  b) Will it be based in HNS? (If the vessel is based here and departs in the AM South to JNU then
                  people heading North up the-Highway from HNS or SGY won't get going on the road until late in the
                  evening which seems like an odd time to start driving on a big road trip for most people!)

                  c) If it is based in HNS what kind of a running schedule will it operate on? A 16 knot vessel like the
                  Malaspina class can not cover the ports of JNU,HNS and SGY on a full round trip sailing schedule
                  within a 12 hr period so either some ports and route connections will not be possible with this type of
                  vessel operating as a day boat with a single crew or it will have to run 16 - 18 hrs per day and operate
                  with a fully staffed crew? If this were the case operating with a full crew aboard I don't see any savings
                  from the Fairweather costs. In fact it will cost plenty more to operate a full size, (408'), mainliner as a
                  day boat even if the USCG allows some reduction in crew size. In comparison the Fairweathers daily
                  costs are about the same as they are for the 235' LeConte and Aurora class vessels but with twice the
                  speed allowing it to bridge greater distances in a short time frame. So in essence the public will end up
                  having to go back onto the slow boat schedule for longer transits between the ports that were previously
                  served by convenient fast ferry day boat service? This type of route is ideal for an HSC since they are
                  mainly designed to be most efficient on short to medium distance routes with high volume traffic flow.
                  Out of all the routes in the system the Lynn Canal route fits this description and the FVF Fairweather
                  HSC class vessels are best kept on this route. A high speed craft day boat can't be put onto the
                  Bellingham route due to it's distance of route and not having any staterooms. But a large 16 knot ship
                  with overnight accommodations for handling long distance passage type routes is ideal and the
                  Malaspina fits that description. The Malaspina never had the SOLAS upgrades done aboard it so it
                  cannot operate into a foreign port, (ie; Prince Rupert). But it can operate through foreign waters which
                  works out excellent for operations on the Bellingham route.

                  d) Last but not least by re-deploying the Malaspina onto the Lynn Canal route the system looses a much
                  needed vessel on the previously established second vessel sailing to/from the port of Bellingham. This
                  second vessel has been operating for the past 5 years along with the Columbia on the Bellingham run
                  since the Columbia had previously been selling out weekly over the Summer and the system was turning
                  away traffic/commerce that wanted to get North to Alaska via Ferry. So as this extra ferry was added to
                  take up the slack it started out with light to medium loads but as it established itself the loads have
                  steadily increased with 50%-75% loads over most of the Summer season. So I think going back to a
                  single Bellingham ship, (Columbia), once per week is a move back words in providing a service to the
                  public as well as bringing in revenue for the system.

                  #2 With the Fairweather being re -deployed onto the JNU/SIT/JNU run 5 days per week what
                  effects will this have for the FWX and other vessels within the fleet?

                  a) Past Fairweather JUN/SIT Summer loads have generally been light so going from the previous 2 or 3
                  days to Sitka per week to 5 for the Summer season doesn't seem very cost effective unless some of the
                  other ships in the fleet are re routed off the Sitka route.

                  b) If other ships are taken off the Sitka route so the FWX can haul there loads then this will justify the
                  added runs between Juneau, (ABY), and Sitka, (SIT). This would also free up those main line vessels



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 6


                  that don't stop in Sitka to add additional runs elsewhere within the system possibly using the added
                  available remaining time they will have in there schedule each week. Also, without those mainline
                  vessels not having to run through Sergius Narrows to Sitka they will eliminate the variable that was
                  caused in the schedules in having to make the transits at or near slack water. These main liners would
                  then only have to contend with the lack of enough water depth, (Most mainline ferries require a
                  minimum holdover of tidal stage to safely transit Wrangell Narrows ), depending on the tidal stage for
                  transits of Wrangell Narrows as being the only real variable for there schedules. So there could be some
                  positive outcome from having the Fairweather running more to Sitka as long as other scheduling
                  changes are made within the fleet between certain vessels and coordinated to maximize the use of the
                  added runs on the FWX schedule.

                  #3 With the Fairweather being re-deployed onto the JNU/PSG/PSG run 2 days per week what
                  effects will this have for the FWX and other vessels within the fleet?

                  a) This run in the Summer always could have been a possibility once or twice a week for the FWX as'a
                  supplement to the schedule if it could be coordinated to fit with other vessels to allow routing of
                  passengers for through traffic directly to or from PSG and ABY and connecting with other vessels that
                  may be destined for other ports?

                  b) One possibility is if a North bound main liner say from Bellingham or Prince Rupert had stopped
                  through PSG and dropped off passengers that were headed North to JNU or HNS or SGY. The
                  Mainliner could then head North West towards SIT and then to JNU. This takes an extra day for
                  passengers headed for JNU via that routing so if they got off the ship in PSG within a few hours of our
                  arrival from JNU then they could ride the FWX North bound direct to JNU and/or catch the day boat up
                  Lynn Canal the next day if that is there eventual destination. The same could happen the other direction
                  if a mainliner or the Lynn Canal day boat brings passengers and vehicles South to JNU then we could
                  take some of those people South to PSG to connect with either the IFA ferry at South Mitkof or possibly
                  get picked up on the next South bound mainliner that was coming South via Sitka to PSG and servicing
                  other Ports to the South?

                  So these are just a few thoughts to consider as well as some questions on how some of this new plan
                  may play out depending upon the particulars of how it is all synchronized and put together for full
                  operation.

                  Before I finish I would like to throw out some possible modifications/changes to this new re-deployment
                  plan to possibly reduce some of the impacts that it may have on other parts of the system, (vessels in the
                  fleet), and it's communities that are served.


                  Columbia - No Change, keep this largest vessel in the fleet on the Bellingham run schedule with the
                  usual Sitka Stop S/B and Friday departures out of Bellingham. Also as the loads have been increasing
                  out of Bellingham in the Winter months over the past few years I think at times when the run is sold out,
                  (like when the smaller Malaspina or Matanuska is put on the Bellingham Winter run especially around
                  Thanksgiving and Christmas), we have been turning away potential traffic/revenue that could have been
                  accommodated if the Columbia was utilized year round or at least for 9 months of the year. It also has
                  more comfortable interior accommodations as well as a sit down dining room that the locals enjoy when
                  they get a chance to travel aboard the Columbia as well as a much better ride during the rough Winter
                  weather open water transits.

                  Matanuska - Put this vessel on the Bellingham run to take the place of the Malaspina's past running
                  schedule that was established by the Malaspina over the previous 5 years. This is a much needed run to



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0009228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 4 of 6


                  continue with as noted above. The Matanuska in the past and present has been deployed on the Prince
                  Rupert route. The Matanuska has been under utilized on the Prince Rupert run since traffic from that
                  port has been declining and has been very light over the past 10 years even in the Summer. Operate the
                  Matanuska with the Sitka stop on its N/B voyage opposite of the Columbia's Bellingham schedule
                  staying with the original Tuesday departures out of Bellingham.

                  Taku - Keep this vessel on the Prince Rupert run with 3 stops there weekly. This vessel is perfectly
                  suited to handle the loads and it is a SOLAS vessel so it is not a problem for the YPR run. This could be
                  done by running YPR/KTN/WRG/PSG/JNU and return. This would take approximately 28 hrs
                  including port time and with turn a rounds in JNU and YPR this would equal 56 hrs for a full round trip
                  x 3 equals 168 hrs which equal 7 days per week times 24 hrs per day. So it could work. The JNU
                  turnaround would then allow the Malaspina day boat to take the Taku load North to the Lynn Canal
                  ports. This extra stop each week in YPR would make up for the Matanuska not running there and if
                  needed the Matanuska could possibly make a stop N/B from Bellingham at YPR to pick up additional
                  traffic. It does make for a loading headache in Bellingham at times for the YPR stop but this stop on the
                  Bellingham route has been done before and the Matanuska is SOLAS so it is not a problem to go into
                  YPR as would have been a problem if the Malaspina was on the Bellingham run.

                 Kennicott - If the running of this vessel for 2 weeks only and then tie up in KTN for 2 weeks during
                 the Summer on the cross gulf service is the plan then on one of the passes through S.E. Alaska it could
                 run into YPR to bring additional loads North possibly to PSG where the FWX would then take them on
                 to JNU? I thought this vessel had good loads on the past few summer cross gulf runs to justify it's
                 operation all summer on a full running schedule so it seems a mystery why we are only wanting to run it
                 half the time under the new operating plan but I guess we all have to make sacrifices some where to try
                 and save some money within the system! Somehow tyeing up vessels in the busy Summer season just
                 doesn't seem like the place to make cuts in the budget?

                 LeConte - Keep this one as a day boat out of the JNU base running to the out ports and villages daily.
                 Create a consistent and reliable schedule for it's Summer and Winter operation and then leave its
                 schedule alone for a few years. It doesn't have to contend with any tides or currents along it's day boat
                 route so there is no reason we can't have a steady and consistent schedule for this vessel that the public
                 can count on and make there travel plans around.

                 Malaspina - North Lynn Canal route, (day boat?). As noted above in voicing my concerns I don't fully
                 agree with this vessel being re deployed onto this route in place of the FWX but if it has to happen then
                 some of my other notes of modifications to the vessels of the fleet could possibly mesh together and
                 there may then be some viability in the operating plan. For maximum convenience to the public it
                 would be nice to base the Malaspina in Juneau-ABY to allow for morning departures like when the
                 Malaspina was used on this same route for 2 Summers approximately 5 years ago. I realize there is
                 limited dock space but with proper scheduling of other vessels in and out of ABY it could be a
                 possibility. If the vessel was staffed with a limited size, (actual day boat crew), and was only able to
                 operate 12 hrs per day with a night cleaning and maintenance crew aboard at night like the FWX then
                 it's route each day would be limited. It would probably have to go ABYIHNS/ABY on one day and then
                 ABY/SGY/ABY the next day alternating through the week with no inter port service running between
                 Haines and Skagway? If the vessel is based in HNS as I believe is the plan then runs between HNS and
                 SGY are possible and the eventually a run would be made from HNS to ABY and return. Of course if it
                 is run as a day boat with limited crew then options on routing within a 12 hour day become very limited
                 so the effective use of the vessel verses the costs have to be heavily weighed in these circumstances.
                 With a fully staffed vessel then it would have the potential to run the full Lynn Canal route stopping at
                 all the ports both North and South and making the run daily all summer, (16-18 hrs required for the full
                 route @ 16 kts with port time included), as it did approximately 5 years ago before the Fairweather was



                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0009229
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 5of6


                 constructed. So the options have to be looked at carefully and once it is established if it works out then
                 it should be left in place for another consistent route even if its only a seasonal boat route at least the
                 public can make plans around it well in advance.

                 Fairweather - As noted in my above comments I'm not wild about the planned re deployment of the
                 Fairweather off the Lynn Canal run and having it's new route as ABY/SIT/ABY x 5 per week plus
                 ABY/PSG/ABY x 2 per week. But if this is what we have to work with then the rest of the fleet
                 schedules need to be adjusted to drop some of the Sitka runs to have the FWX carry those loads out to
                 Sitka as a feeder vessel from the ABY hub to justify all those runs on a route that over past Summers
                 hasn't generally carried very much traffic while serviced by the FWX. Also meshing a mainliner near or
                 around one of the weekly runs from ABY to PSG could produce a reasonable direct access route with
                 that traffic North to ABY and eventually up the Lynn Canal the following day from the day boat
                 Malaspina? Another option for the PSG route since there is enough time in the schedule would be to
                 make a stop in KAKE. On one trip we could swing in to Kake South bound on the way to PSG and
                 then on the next trip make the stop Northbound from PSG to Kake. So there are many options for this
                 vessel. The same thing could be done eventually at Hoonah with minor dock modifications or if the
                 dock was set up properly in Angoon with a ramp on a floating stem berth we could provide service there
                 with the Fairweather. So the speed of these vessels can connect great distances in relatively short time
                 to allow many options and still keeping within a day boat operation with limited hours of operation and
                 limited crew size. A very flexible flyer of which ifs full potential is still being under utilized.

                 Lituya - Stay with it's designed KTN/MET/KTN routing with multiple sailings per day especially in
                 the Summer months. I think the denial of the sale of the Saxman seaport facility property could actually
                 turn out to be a good thing. If we would have ended up with another small separate terminal to maintain
                 as well as shifting terminal staff from the main KTN terminal out to Saxman and back many times per
                 day seems a bit ridiculous to only service one vessels needs. Once the full Waldon Pt./Annette Bay road
                 project and dock are in full operation they create such a savings in vessel run time on that route that the
                 difference of :15-:20 minutes saved by making the stop at Saxman seaport dock as opposed to running to
                 the main KTN terminal dock doesn't quite seem worth the cost that would have to be invested into more
                 dock infrastructure to make it all work out.

                 Tustumena - Even after 40 years this vessel still seems to fit the route for the South West system and
                 Prince William Sound routes. Eventually a replacement will have to be considered and it's great that we
                 do have the Kennicott which is an Ocean rated vessel like the Tusty and can also fill in on some of the
                 routes and access some of the same ports if relief is needed on some of those runs. So no changes here
                 since the schedules have generally been steady and reliable unlike the weather.

                 Chenega - This High Speed Craft, (HSC), vessel is working out great in Prince William Sound running
                 out of the base port of Cordova each day serving the ports of Valdez and Whittier daily but in alternating
                 directions each day. This service has been well received with good loads for most of the Summer. It
                 operates in a day boat fashion set up like the Fairweather for it's hours of operation and crewing size.
                 This vessel works out great on the seasonal PWS route and then as Winter relief on the S.E. Alaska
                 routes while the Fairweather is out of service for it's annual shipyard maintenance.

                 Aurora - This vessel gives added service in Prince William Sound in the Summer months based out of
                 the Port of Valdez providing a daily connection to Whittier. I believe this schedule has been working
                 reasonably well although I'm not sure with the Chenega running in the sound also and servicing all the
                 main ports in PWS daily that this extra service is fully justified. The vessel may provide better service
                 else wear within the system although at this time I'm not sure where that might be! The Aurora does
                 serve as an excellent Winter vessel for the PWS area, (while the Chenega is in the shipyard or covering
                 for the Fairweather), since it is a steel vessel and can deal better with the rough weather and the ice



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0009230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 6 of 6


                  encounters that are experienced along the PWS routes.

                 So these are some of the possible potential adjustments /changes that I think should be considered if the
                 new proposed AMHS Operating Plans are going to be put into action . I feel that some of the ideas may
                 lessen the impact that may occur if the presently proposed operating plan for 2008 /2009 is put in place.

                  In all reality to really get this operation on track I feel we need to stop chasing all the different needs of
                  all the different user groups which ends up sending the vessels on constantly changing routes with
                  limited or no consistency from year to year and season to season . Having no reliable consistency is
                  where I think the heart of a lot of our problems stem from. When Alaska Airlines services most towns
                  in Alaska they have steady year round core schedules that don't change . During the Spring and Fall
                 shoulder months as service needs increase or decrease additional flights are added or are taken away as
                 service needs dictate . And in the Summer months they ramp up to full operation to by adding extra
                  seasonal flights to handle the additional loads . But the base core routes that run in the Fall, Winter,
                  Spring and Summer never changes those routes are always a constant . The only changes occur during
                 the addition of extra routes that are in addition to the base core schedule routes . And then of course the
                 same thing goes for the full ramp up of added aircraft and routes during the peak load requirements of
                 the Summer. This is exactly what the AMHS needs to try and get into place on our scheduling.
                 Consistent and reliable service. These schedules should be steady year in and year out with a reliable
                 and steady core route system of Winter service and then seasonal ramp up /ramp down on the shoulder
                 season with full phase in of the fleet during the entire Summer season , (May 1 - September 30). With
                 this consistent and reliable core scheduling all users have something they can make plans around and we
                 don't have to keep altering our schedules to chase everyones needs . Then the public and commercial
                 businesses can make there plans around our consistent and reliable schedules just like they do with the
                 airlines. With steady and consistent schedules it will be easier to get the sailing schedules printed and
                 out to the public in a timely manner since there won 't really be many changes from year to year other
                 than seasonal changes on routes . This would also assist in making planning for shipyard dates well in
                 advance easier and more cost effective for all involved and effected by these transition periods which at
                 times can create great disruption within the system which eventually can have an effect on the public
                 and the crew that staff the vessels . Because just like with the airlines it doesn't matter which model
                 Boeing 737 we are traveling on for a route between towns it still gets you from A to B . The same
                 should go for our ferry schedules . We have a versatile fleet with doubles of many of our vessel types
                 which will usually allow for us to always have a vessel to cover a particular run while the sister ship is
                 in the shipyard or is in a layup period . So just because the name of the vessel that may cover a particular
                 route may change the times and days of the week on the routing and schedule shouldn't.

                 Thank you for hearing me out and hopefully you will consider some of my thoughts and ideas for
                 creating a viable and workable operating plan that will best serve the needs of the traveling public and
                 businesses with consistent, reliable and efficient service along the routes and ports served by the Alaska
                 Marine Highway System.

                 Sincerely,

                 Captain Kurt G . Gucker
                 HSC - Fairweather
                 1/1/2008




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSPOI_0009231
