Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarahCyahoo.com
               Sent:                   Wednesday, January 02 , 2008 8:45 PM
               To:                     Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Perry; Kristina
                                       Y (GOV)
               Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);, Thompson; Nan G
                                       (DNR); Tillery; Craig J (LAW); Banks ; Kevin R (DNR)
               Subject:                Re: Final information re: Cook Inlet LNG Agreement Press Conference


              Thanks so much!      I'll read now.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherfordealaska.gov>



              Date: Wed, 02 Jan 2008 20:25:32

              To: gov. sarah@yahoo. com, "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon. leighow@alaska. gov>, "Leschper,
              Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

              Cc:mike.tibblesealaska.gov, joe.balashoalaska.gov,
              tom.irwin@alaska.gov,nan.thompson@alaska.gov, "Tillery, Craig J (LAW)"
              <craig.tillery©alaska.gov>,kevin.banks@alaska.gov

              Subject: Final information re: Cook Inlet LNG Agreement' Press Conference




              Governor, All,

              Attached are the "final" documents for use at tomorrows Cook Inlet LNG Agreement' Press
              Conference:



              1)  Governor's suggested "Opening Statement." Note that I've also included information on
              the Opening Statements from:

                             a. Jim Bowles ,   President , ConocoPhillips, Alaska;

                             b. Steve Hinchman, Senior Vice President Worldwide Production, Marathon oil
              company;

                             c. Gene Dubay, Senior Vice President of Operations, Semco (parent company of
             Enstar).

             Please note that these gentlemen have crafted their statements assuming the Governor will
             begin the Press Conference with her Opening Statement going FIRST.




             2)      Cook Inlet LNG Agreement "Executive Summary" - a one-page overview of the Agreement.



                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0009240
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               3)  Cook Inlet LNG Agreement " Questions & Answers" - divided into those questions expected
               to, be posed to the state and those questions expected to be posed to the two companies.



               4)  Line-up of Press Conference attendees from CP, MO, Enstar & the state .  On this
               document I've identified titles and noted those individuals who served on the Agreement'
               negotiating team.



              Additional pertinent information:



               * The expectation is the event will unfold as follows:



               * Opening Statement from Governor Palin, followed by;

               * Opening Statements from:



              * Jim Bowles , ConocoPhillips , Alaska

              * Steve Hinchman, Marathon Oil Company

              * Gene Dubay , Enstar



              * Then it will be turned-over to Questions & Answers . I am told that Jim Bowles (CP) &
              Steve Hinchman (MO) will attempt to personally handle all questions that are pertinent for
              the two companies to answer . Only if they feel they cannot properly address the questions
              will they turn the question over to their supporting staff.




              * I will have 50 copies of the Agreement & the Agreement ' Executive Summary available for
              hand-out at the press conference .  Additionally, by 12:15pm we will have both of these
              documents posted on the following website , which we can refer people to if they are not
              physically at the Press Conference:



              * www.dog . dnr.state . ak.us/oil/




              * We will NOT make the " Questions & Answers " document available to the public,          as this was
              developed for internal use only.

                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0009241
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              * The. Cook Inlet LNG Agreement has been filed with the Dept of Energy (DOE) under a
              supplement Pleading. The State "filed" (mailed) this document on January 2nd. DOE should
              receive this filing by January 4th , at the latest. The State and the two companies will
              also be calling DOE to notify them it is enroute tomorrow. The document filed with the
              DOE is referred to as the "State's Supplemental Comments and Settlement Agreement."




              * I have provided this information to John Katz and asked him to give our Congressional
              Delegation a heads-up that we have reached this agreement, and have simultaneously filed
              this Pleading with the Dept of Energy (DOE), before our teleconference tomorrow. I am
              told that the companies intend to provide this same update to our Congressional Delegation
              tomorrow morning.




              * I have asked the Press Conference attendees to meet in the Governor's Anchorage office
             -at 11: 45am . Several of the company representatives have not met the Governor and would
              like the opportunity to meet her before the Press Conference. Plus, the group includes
              multiple "CEO types."   Therefore it might be useful to move the group into the Governor's
              Office just before the press conference in order for her to meet everyone and then we
              could all proceed into the conference room through the Governor's entrance. And, I do
              apologize that there will be such a MOB, but they all wanted to attend!




             * Please note that Attorney General Talis Colberg, and AAG Steve DeVries will also attend
             the press conference.  Neither Attorney General Colberg nor Steve DeVries were identified
             on my previous list.




             * The Governor should expect to be. asked about the CP' Gas Pipeline "proposal", that came
             to the state outside the AGIA' process. Jim Bowles and I spoke today in order to get
             clarity on what the Governor and he might say in response to an enquiry on this subject.
             I told him that I would suggest to the Governor that she reiterate what she has already
             said, as follows:



             "We are focused on our AGIA' process and we will be looking at (or reviewing) the CP'
             proposal when time allows."

             Jim indicated that he would say something supportive of that statement, such as:
                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0009242
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              "We recognize that the state must focus on the AGIA' process, but we are assured they will
              review our proposal in due course." He may go on to say something like the following:

              "The Cook Inlet LNG Agreement represents an excellent model and we believe that it could
              be used on the ANS gas pipeline project as well."



              I think this covers everything.   Please call me at #317-4728 if you need something
              further.   I do apologize that this event has so many moving parts and requires such formal
              structure!   Thanks very much for your support Governor! Reaching this Agreement is
              completely due to your willingness for us to work on the issues.

              Marty




                                                            4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0009243
