Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Unknown
               From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOY sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
               Sent:                    Wednesday, January 02, 2008 1:22 PM
               To:                      vellap7777@yahoo.com
               Subject:                 RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From :   WebMail@gov.state.ak.us Imailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

               Sent :   Wednesday, January 02, 2008 1:08 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin(GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other



               Web mail from: Ms. Virginia Laporte

               address : 229 Riverview Drive Chatham MA 02633




               MESSAGE:

               Dear Governor Palin:



               As a registered Republican from Massachusetts ( one of about five !)             I was most interested
               to read about your courage & sense of honor . Truly refreshing !



              My only concern is that you might leave your current post too soon for higher office, i..e.
              to be someone's running mate. I fear if you do, you won't have consolidated the wonderful
              reforms you've begun in your state, and won't have enough of a body of work to give you
              the gravitas you need down the road.



              Please "stay the course," continue to build your outstanding record, & know that they will
              come for you in time.



              Good , good luck to you !




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009258
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Virginia Laporte



              ve11ap7777@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009259
