Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, January 02, 2008 9:16 AM
               To:                     lverrelli@acsalaska.net
               Subject:                RE: Fish-and-Game


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received, and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Tuesday, January 01, 2008 7:37 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Fish-and-Game



              Web mail from: Mr. Leonard Verrelli

              address: 14040 Glacier Hwy Juneau AR 99801

               907-789-3010




              MESSAGE:

              Pear Gov. Palin, it is hard to express my disappointment in a newpaper AP article on
              Sunday, December 30, where Fish and Game Brown Shirts were boasting how easy it was to
              catch active military personal violating the one year residency requirement.   Having
              served this state as the Director of Air and Water for Environmental Conservation, I know
              selective enforcement when I see it. A neutral enforcement scheme is always preferred to
              selective enforcement, selective enforcement makes one cringe.  On top of that, to single
              out GI's, many of whom are on food stamps, and slam them with a fine is hard for me to
              digest, let alone brag about in the newspaper. I know the law is the law and I am
              suggesting you change it.  Give these kids who are getting their butts shot off for this
              country a little break. They are only in this state for a few years, you would think the
              state could afford to give them resident license so they can put food on their table. I
              know when I was in the military, ye

              s a vietnam vet, I felt that I should be able to buy a resident license whereever I was
              stationed and did.  Wow, I probably broke the law making $212/month and feeding two kids
              on a lieutenants pay. My rent was $125/month, doesn't leave a lot...we ate a lot of
              rabbits.  I have been there and know what it is like. Cut these kids a break and
              introduce a bill to treat the visiting military like human beings and let them buy a
              resident license.  It should not be that difficult to get a bill thru given the war and
              all.  Make it during the wartime only, but do something that comes from the heart. God
              knows this state does not need these kids money. And Fish and Game should be appalled at
              not only engaging in selective enforcement but also their target. Leonard Verrelli Juneau




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0009263
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              lverrelli@acsalaska.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009264
