Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, January 02, 2008 8:48 AM
              To:                      higginssheila@hotmail.com
              Subject:                 RE; Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, December 31, 2007 4:17 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Sheila Higgins

              address: POBox 101974 Anchorage AK 99510

               907-256-3402



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Sara,




             I just felt the need to e-mail you an ata girl. I was listening to a radio program and I
             love your attitude about going with the will of the people.



             I told many a tourist last year how proud we here in Alaska are to have you as our gov. i
             was driving a shuttle bus at the airport during summer, and enjoyed telling everyone from
             outside about you. I take care of special needs children on a school bus during the
             school year, and work the Saterday market in the summer.



             I knew you would win the election. I have been a professional psychic since 1991. I
             helped with a few police cases here and did very well. The work was for private clients
             mostly. I wish the state would put me on retainer to do more work. I have proved my
             excellance many a time. Keep listening to the people, and you will be in Washington some
             day.



             Love and light to you and your staff in the coming new year.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Keep up the great work.



              Sheila Higgins

              907-258-3402

              Anchorage Alaska

              higginssheila@hotmail.com




              higginssheila@hotmail.com




                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  SWAMC Annual Conference : The Next 20 Years                                                                 Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown
                  From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:        Wednesday, January 02, 2008 2:22 PM
                  To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: SWAMC Annual Conference: The Next 20 Years




                 From: Michael Catsi [mailto:mcatsi@swamc.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, January 02, 2008 2:21 PM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: SWAMC Annual Conference: The Next 20 Years




                                                       swago% c
                                                         .000% lo
                                                                                     Southwest Alaska Economic Summit &

                    SWAMC: The Next 20 Years                                           Annual Membership Meeting Update
                                                                                                             January 2, 2008


                        Dear Sarah,
                                                                                                         Thanks for
                        First off, Happy New Year to all. We wish everyone the best for a happy &           Your
                        prosperous 2008.                                                                  Support!
                        Well, the holiday season is almost behind us, which must mean we're
                        getting into the heart of meeting season . The Southwest Alaska Economic          HIGHLINER
                                                                                                         CONFERENCE
                        Summit and Annual Membership Meeting takes place January 31st
                        February 1st, and this year's conference marks the organization's 20th          SPONSORSHIPS
                        anniversary. Please join us at the Hotel Captain Cook in Anchorage for
                                                                                                             Skipper
                        some discussion on the past, present, and future of community and
                        economic development in Southwest Alaska. For additional details about               Pen Air
                        the agenda , registration , sponsorship and other meeting details , visit the
                        SWAMC web site and see additional updated information below:                        First Mate
                                                                                                          Sign up today!

                        Summit Highlights                                                                 Deck Master
                           · Thanks for Your Supportl                                                     Sign up today!
                           ·   Environmental Preservation
                                                                                                           Deck Hand
                           ·   Pre-Conference Energy Workshop
                                                                                                         Alaska Seafood
                           ·   Marketing Southwest Alaska 's Assets                                     Marketing Institute
                           ·   Board Nominations                                                          Kodiak Island
                           ·   And Remember ...                                                              Borough
                                                                                                           The Pebble
                                                                                                           Partnership
                        Environmental Preservation



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0009267
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   SWAMC Annual Conference: The Next 20 Years                                                             Page 2 of 3


                                                               Thursday's lunch program will feature        Coffee Break
                           a new project SWAMC has recently undertaken . The Project for                  Alaska Permanent
                           Environmental Preservation will seek regional solutions to solid waste        Caoital Manaoement
                           issues, including backhaul programs , rural recycling , and general waste-
                           stream reduction . One key component of the program will focus on the           Boyd , Chandler &
                           removal of marine debris from the region . SWAMC plans to partner with           Falconer, LLP
                           the Marine Conservation Alliance (MCA), NOAA , and other agencies to
                           help keep the waters of Southwest Alaska free and clear of debris.           Sponsorship
                                                                                                        opportunities remain
                          Bob King, Marine Debris Coordinator for MCA, will give an overview of his     for all levels. Find
                          work, while SWAMC staff will introduce the Environmental Preservation         out more....
                          program to SWAMC's membership.

                                                                                                           Summit Quick
                                                                                                              Links:

                                                                                                                Register Now

                                                                                                          Become a Sponsor

                                                                                                         Submit a Resolution
                           Pre-Conference Energy Workshop
                          Prior to the Annual Conference, SWAMC will hold an energy workshop on          Latest Agenda
                          Wednesday , January 30th from 12: 30 to 5 PM at the Hotel Captain Cook.
                          The aim of the workshop is to provide practical knowledge about project        About SWAMC
                          planning and financial opportunities to utility managers, city planners and
                          others interested in learning how they can implement
                          alternative/renewable energy into their community . Invited presenters      Accommodations
                          include: USDA-Rural Development, Alaska Energy Authority , University of
                          Alaska Fairbanks , The Denali Commission , and the Alaska Housing               & Travel
                          Finance Corporation . Admission is free for registered Conference
                          attendees and $25 for non-attendees . For more information , please call
                          the SWAMC office at 562 -7380 or email Rebekah Luhrs , Energy Project
                          Coordinator.


                           Marketing Southwest Alaska 's Assets                                         Join our mailing
                          Thursday's morning session will include a discussion on tourism                     list!
                          marketing for SWAMC's regional communities . From birding to wildlife
                          viewing , Scenic Byways to ecotours , Southwest Alaska has countless
                          opportunities for visitor enjoyment. This panel will offer ideas on how to
                          best capture the unique qualities and characteristics found in Southwest      ,loin
                          Alaska.

                          Fish Fryday will spotlight a few of the seafood marketing efforts taking
                          place in the region , as well as a national and global perspective from the
                          Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute.


                          Board Nominations
                          Five board seats will be contested at the SWAMC Membership Meeting
                          on Friday , February 1st at 3:00 p . m. Nominations are now being accepted
                          or can be made on the floor during sub-regional caucuses.

                          The contested board seats are:

                          Aleutian/Pribilofs : one municipal and one associate seat.


                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0009268
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  SWAMC Annual Conference: The Next 20 Years                                                                       Page 3 of 3



                           Bristol Bay: one municipal seat.

                          Kodiak: one municipal seat.

                          At Large: one associate seat.
                          Members may also file proxy statements through January 25th.


                           And Remember ...
                          SWAMC was incorporated in January 1988. In
                          recognition of SWAMC's 20th anniversary, the
                          original incorporators of the organization will help us
                          celebrate two decades of economic development
                          and advocacy in the Southwest. The Presidents
                          Reception on the evening of the 31st will feature a
                          champagne toast, cake, and plenty of laughs and
                          conversation. And who were these original
                          incorporators? You'll have to be present to find out...

                          Do you have a great community or economic development project that
                          needs funding? The Funders Forum is your opportunity to brainstorm
                          your project and funding options with a multitude of Alaska's top agency
                          and private sector funders on Thursday, January 31st. Take advantage of
                          this forum to advance your community's priority projects...

                          There are rooms available at the Hotel Certain Cook for conference
                          attendees . If you have not already done so , we encourage you to book
                          your room today. Remember to ask for the Southwest Alaska Municipal
                          Conference group rate , and include your confirmation code with your
                          SWAMC registration to receive $30 off of your registration fees for the
                         conference. The conference rate of $95 per night at the Cook ends on
                         January 23, so make sure to book your accommodations before then.
                       email: adminc swamc.ora
                       phone : (907) 562-7380
                       web: http :/twww.swamc.oro


                        Forward email
                                                                                                                  Email Marketing by
                       ® SafeUnsubecribe®
                       Thts email was sent to sarah_palin®gov. state . ak.us, by mcatsi@a)swamc.ora                        -IV
                       Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe'" I Privacy Policy.    (fit
                                                                                                                   TRY IT FREE


                       Southwest Alaska Municipal Conference 13300 Arctic Boulevard, Suite 203 1 Anchorage I AK 199503




                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                                   P RA_G S P01 _0009269
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                FW: Final State LNG Agreement                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                  From:     Rutherford , Marty K (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MKRUTHERFORD]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, January 02, 2008 9:19 PM
                  To:       gov.sarah @yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
                  Cc:       Mike Tibbles@gov.state. ak.us; Joe Balash @gov.state . ak.us; 'tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us;
                            Nan Thompson@dnr.state .ak.us; Tillery; Craig J (LAW); Kevin_Banks@dnr.state.ak.us
                  Subject: Final State LNG Agreement

                Governor, All,
                I am attaching a copy of the State's DOE' Pleading and final Settlement Agreement for your information. I do
                NOT recommend you bother reading this document , but in case you wanted to review it, I thought it best to send it
                to you as well. My previous e-mail, sent around 8:30pm tonight, included the Agreement' Executive Summary,
                which is a much more useful document to read. Please note that I have 50 copies of the final, executed
                Agreement, and associated Executive Summary , for the Press Conference . I do not intend to make available the
                DOE' Pleading.
                Thanks,
                Marty


                From: Tillery, Craig J (LAW)
                Sent: Wednesday, January 02, 2008 2:34 PM
                To: Jepsen, J Scott; Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Thompson, Nan G (DNR)
                Cc: roger.belman@conocophillips .com; Davis, III, Dave ; Little, T. M. (Mitch); Risser, Dave
                Subject: RE: Final State LNG Agreement

                Here is the pdf of the Pleading with attached signed Agreement . Please let me know if there are any questions or
                concerns. It is our intent to not only refer DOE staff to the website when we contact them tomorrow morning but
                also to offer to fax them a copy.

                Craig J. Tillery
                Deputy Attorney General
                Alaska Department of Law
                1031 W. 4th Avenue, Suite 200
                Anchorage, AK 99501
                (907) 269-5200
                craig.tillery _alaska.gov

                Please note that my email address has changed to craig tillery(cDalaska gov


                From: Jepsen , J Scott [mailto:ScottJepsen@conocophillips.com]
                Sent: Monday, December 31, 2007 11:43 AM
                To: Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Thompson, Nan G (DNR)
                Cc: roger.belman@conocophillips.com; Davis, III, Dave; Little, T. M. (Mitch); Risser, Dave
                Subject: FW: Final State LNG Agreement




                Marty - Attached is the signable version. Please give me a call Privile ed if you have any questions. As I
                mentioned in a previous email, MRO has sent you a PDF version o t eir signature. We will have an original for
                you (which you can also sign if you wish) on Wednesday. We will exchange originals with MRO on Thursday.




                8/28/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0009270
