Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From :      Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:       Thursday, January 03, 2008 9:19 AM
                 To:         'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
                 Cc:         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Sen. French

               Dear Governor Palin,
                   Two events related to law enforcement are likely to draw some attention in the next three weeks:

               1.       Sen. French had attempted to set up a "crime summit" last summer. He originally set it for the first week of
               November and then found out that it conflicted with his own obligations on the VPSO (Village Public Safety
               Officer) Task force. His initial announcements included a letter to you asking that you direct your commissioners
               to participate.
                      He has now re-characterized the event as the "Senate Judiciary Committee's Crime Summit" and scheduled
               it for the beginning of the session on January 16 and 17. He has lined up two days of testimony to 'explore
               leading criminal justice issues". Comm. Monegan is set to testify on January 16. Comm. Schmidt will testify on
               Jan. 17. Anchorage DA Adrienne Bachman from my office will testify on January 16. You may already know
               about all of this, I will provide Mr. Tibbles with a copy of the full agenda this morning. I suppose Sen. French has
               a planned outcome as he has been planning this for about eight months.

                   2.        In the meantime, the VPSO task force which includes French, Monegan, myself and others will have
                           what may be a final meeting on Jan. 18. A meeting that has now been postponed twice due to
                           schedule conflicts. I would expect that the end recommendation of the task force will be a request for
                           a substantial funding increase from the state to increase VPSO pay, provide housing assistance and
                            improve benefits.
                   This is just to give you and Mr. Tibbles a heads up that Sen. French will likely have a lot to say soon about
                   public safety on a statewide basis.

                         Talis




               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009285
