Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 03, 2008 9:01 PM
             To:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
             Subject :                Fw: AGIA Press Conf Itinerary


             See u down there a bit before 9.



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Anders, Bruce F (DNR)" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Thu, 03 Jan 2008 20:39:25

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
             <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Galvin, Patrick
             S (DOR)" <Patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)"
             <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <Sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper,
             Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
             <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,John Katz
             <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

             Subject: AGIA Press Conf Itinerary




            Evening Governor,



            Tomorrow is going to be great.         Here ' s the plan:



            1.    9:00 - 9:30. Tom, Pat, Marty and John Katz will convene a

            teleconference with staffers from the Congressional delegation (John

            confirms that none of the principals are available, hence them doing it

            instead of you). Drue will also be on the call.



            2.   9:30.    Tony Palmer is in Calgary expecting a call from you to

            announce the good news.       Please go to Tom's office on the 14th floor to

            place the call. Tom, Pat, and Marty will be with you. Obviously feel

            free to draw from the attached opening remarks if you wish, or more
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               likely, shoot from the hip. You can't go wrong!



               3.   9:45 - 10:45   ( ish).   You make courtesy calls to key Legislators. Joe

               is still compiling that list, but his method is to ask the leadership

               from majority and minority houses who " else" should be called ; places

               the burden on those folks to do the line drawing .         Joe will weigh in

               when he has further guidance.



               4.   10:00 : Tom, Pat , and Marty will be making the calls to the remaining

               four applicants .     With the press conference to commence at 11:00 we

               wanted to extend the courtesy , but did not want there to be too much of

               a gap between the calls and the conference ,       in case some applicant

               decided to immediately begin complaining to media          (unlikely, but

               possible ).   An hour seemed to be a reasonable compromise there. We may

               diplomatically request that the applicants refrain from doing so, at

               least until you have completed your press conference.



               5.   11:00.    Press conference.



               Sharon will run the show. As you do not like to go out there "cold,"

               Sharon will kick off with brief introductory remarks about the

               procedure ,   the topic to be discussed , and the order of speakers.


                                                                                 Privileged or Personal
               Then you deliver your remarks ( draft remarks attached).

           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           i
                                                                  2



                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009318
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             You will introduce Marty , whose primary job will be to introduce the

             gasline team.



             Marty will turn it over to Tom, who will draw from key AGIA

             requirements , and tie those to Transcanada ' s application as having

             fulfilled them,    and how/ why that is so important to Alaskans, and

            Americans .    He will talk about 187 legal requirements       ( 20 statutory and

            167 RFA requirements ), and how TC met every single one , and why this is

             such a positive place for Alaskans to be right now.



            Tom will turn it to Pat, who will talk about what is next procedurally.

            Many folks ' natural first reaction of may be ,       " You only have one? Then

            that means we can get right to the Legislature ,       right ?"   Pat will answer

            in more detail (than what you had had covered ), that this is not the

            case , that due diligence requires a process , not the least of which is a

            60-day public comment process.



            Then , Q&A.   Attached is a list of expected Q's, with recommended A's

             (this is not for public distribution ).    The answers are concise , and you

            obviously can review them to decide which you'd like to hit versus which

            to turn over to Marty ( Marty will be "lead " in answering questions, but

            Pat or Tom will step in when the spirit moves).



            I will bring copies of the public notice      ( announcing the comment period

            procedures ), which staff can distribute with the press release. This

            public notice will be posted in the papers , and is being mailed to

            approximately 2500 locations around the state , every post office,

            library , tribal council , etc.    It is attached FYI; you ' ll note that it

            is not a "routine " stark notice , but rather has a large , florid        ( Alaska

            blue - n-gold colored !) text window in the center ,    signed by Tom and Pat,

            which gives it a very colloquial and personal flavor.



            Then , high fives all around!
                                                              3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             i



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

             Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2008 5:26 PM

             To: Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

             Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E

             (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon

             W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Subject: Re: AGIA Press Conf Itinerary




            Yeah!!!     This is all so good. You all are amazing. Thank you.

             ------Original Message------

            From: Bruce Anders

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Cc: Mike Tibbles

            Cc: Marty Rutherford

            Cc: Tom Irwin

            Cc: Pat Galvin

            Cc: Joe Balash

            Cc: Sharon Leighow

            Cc: Beth Leschper

            Sent: Jan 3, 2008 5:20 PM

            Subject: AGIA Press Conf Itinerary




            Governor,



            Later tonight, I will be sending you, and those copied here, the

            itinerary for tomorrow, including the morning's pre-press conference

            calls (cong deleg, leggies, applicants). I will attach to the email two

            attachments: (1) recommended Governor remarks, and (2) expected Q's and

            recommended A's.     It will be similar to the email Marty sent you last

            night re the ( awesome !) LNG press conf today.




                                                              4




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0009320
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Bruce




            Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                          5
