Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c@alaska.gov)
            Sent :                   Thursday, January 03, 2008 4:06 PM
            To:                      coolconect@aol.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailfsgov.state.ak.usl

            Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2007 10:49 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. MaryJane Holmes

            address: 9614 W. School Section Lake Dr.          Mecosta MI 49332

              (517) 974-4363




            MESSAGE:

            On August 15th (during our 48 day tour of the Northern Territories and Alaska) we visited
            your capitol.   It was our 28th anniversary and a highpoint of our vacation. We make a
            habit of visiting capitols during our travels across the U.S. Your's is one of the most
            difficult to reach.   However, I just wanted to let you know how thrilled we were with the
            docent that gave us a tour. She told us her Mom worked for the State but I didn't get her
            name.  We also were treated very kindly by the gentleman at the front security desk. He
            was really great to talk with. The building and furnishings were immaculate and I know
            how difficult this is to accomplish. I worked for the State of Michigan, Department of
            Miltiary and Veterans Affairs for 30 years and really appreicate having a chance to visit
            these historical buildings.   Thank you so much for allowing us to share the beauty of your
            building and it's corridors. We were most impressed and wish we could have expressed our
            appreciation at

            the time.  We wish you and your State a very happy New Year in 2008. God bless you and
            your family.



            coolconect@aol.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0009350
