Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


               Unknown
                From :   Linda Holzman [lindalucalaska.net]
                Sent:    Thursday, January 03, 2008 1:29 PM
               To:       Richards; Frank T (DOT)
                Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
                Subject: Jan 8th meeting



               Dear Mr. Richards:
               Today, January 3, 2008, on the State of Alaska " Online Public Notice" DOT posted
               notice of a Public Meeting Work Shop at the Willow Community Center scheduled for
               January 8, 2008 ".
               How can DOT host a public work shop without using the legal time frame as required by
               Alaska State Statutes. Five (5) days is not enough notice for a public meeting of this
               sort. Please have DOT reschedule the meeting with the proper 30-day notice
               requirement. Many of us would like to make plans to attend as we are very interested in
               any changes DOT plans for our Willow Lake.
               I have not received a notice from DOT about this meeting. However, I understand Ron
               Stroman is in the process of mailing all interested parties a notice. I asked him today in
               an email for a copy of the notice along with the Draft Willow Lake Plan.
               Mr. Richards, this meeting that could change the use of Willow Lake is very important
               and should require the proper notice.
               Thank-you,
               Linda Holzman
               907 346-3421




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0009354
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Briefing #11                                                                                          Page 1 of I



               Unknown
                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov)
                Sent:     Thursday, January 03, 2008 3:33 PM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: [Center for Science and Technology Policy Research Briefing ] Briefing #11




               From : cstprbriefing-bounces@sciencepolicy.colorado.edu [mailto:cstpr_briefing-
               bounces@sciencepolicy.colorado.edu] On Behalf Of Ami Nacu-Schmidt
               Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2008 2:56 PM
               To: cstpr_briefing@sciencepolicy.colorado.edu
               Subject : [Center for Science and Technology Policy Research Briefing] Briefing #11

               Attached please find a copy of the Center for Science and Technology Policy Research's
               latest e-briefing.

               The Center for Science and Technology Policy Research is working to improve how
               science and technology policies address societal needs. Please let us know what
               information you might like to receive by emailing us at
               info@sciencepolicy.colorado.edu.

               This e-briefing is also available online at:
               htto://scienceaolicv colorado.edu/outreach/cstpr briefings.html, along with an archive
               of past newsletters . Should you wish to un-subscribe, or would like to be added to our
               distribution list, please go to:
               http://sciencepolicy.colorado.edu/maiIman/listinfo/cstr)r briefing/.

               Ami Nacu-Schmidt
               Outreach Coordinator
               Center for Science and Technology Policy Research


               Ami Nacu-Schmidt
               Center for Science and Technology Policy Research
               CIRES/University of Colorado
               UCB 488, 1333 Grandview Ave.
               Boulder, CO.80309-0488

               ami@cires.colorado.edu
               httpJ/scienceoolicv.colorado.edu
               personal homepage : http://www.anacuschmidtcom




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0009355
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                January: Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth                                                        Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Thursday, January 03, 2008 3:37 PM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject : FW: January 2008: Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth



               From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com)
               Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2008 12:45 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: January 2008: Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth


                                                                    View this online.


                  January 2008



                                                  FIGHTING FOR YOUR BUSINESS "
                                                                                                 ,Featured Benefit
                                                                                                         Post Your 2008 Job;
                Renewing U . S. Competitiveness                                                                   Monster
                                                                                                    Happy New Year. We hops
                                                                                                    proves to be a great year
                Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth
                                                                                                    your small business. And i
                In its annual State of American
                                                                                                    growing, now is the time t
                Business report, the U . S. Chamber
                                                                                                    up. Post your jobs on Mon
                draws attention to economic
                                                                                                    find the best candidates ft
                threats to U.S. competitiveness and
                                                                                                   job you need to fill. Plus,
                unveils a comprehensive plan for
                                                                                                    Chamber members receive
                long-term economic growth.
                                                                                                    exclusive discounts.
                The Chamber's comprehensive five-
                                                                                                    Post your jobs on Monster
                year plan--developed in
                consultation with the Chamber's
                                                                                                    Benefits Guide
                member companies , policy
                committees , and board and sent to
                every member of Congress and the administration --focuses on 10 key                    fir     x     mc>UnI
                challenges.
                Read more.


                      Featured Articles

                Compare the Presidential Candidates on Key Issues
                Not sure where the presidential candidates stand on important business
                Issues? With the presidential primary season kicking off this month, now's the W
                time to find out. Compare the positions of major candidates from both parties
                on key business issues .                                                         aSurvey
                Read more.                                                                           uschamber. com Mag:
                                                                                                           Reader Survey
                Chamber Pushes Bold 2008 Policy Agenda                                             What do you think of
                As public interest turns to the presidential primaries, the Chamber is gearing     uschamber.com magazine
                up to take care of unfinished business in Washington, promoting a pro-             do you want to see more
                growth, job-generating agenda in 2008. Health care, tax relief, and labor are
                among targeted issues.                                                             The Reader Survey is your
                Read more.                                                                         opportunity to tell us how
                                                                                                   doing. As our way of sayir


               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009356
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               January : Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth                                                                                Page 2 of 3



                Planning for the New Year-- Do It Right This Time                                thank you, all survey participants
                What's business planning for you? Focusing on goals, perhaps? Managing           will be entered in a drawing to
                change? Seeding accountability in the organization? Driving growth? Or is it a   receive a free flat screen TV.
                document people say you should prepare, a task like a term paper that will
                end up in a drawer? Here's a good idea: for 2008, do planning right.             All surveys must be received no
                Read more.                                                                     Plater than February 15.

                                                                                                                       Download the survey. (PDF)
                Hiring Great Talent : Steps for Finding the Right Fit
                With intense competition for workers today, it is critical that you make smart
                hiring decisions.
                Read more.

                1 Also in This Issue
                                                                                                                   I
                   · ChamberPost: New Blog for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
                                                                                                                   ,Tech Tools
                                                                                                                      Moving to Digital Records
                   · AMT Relief ... With a Catch
                                                                                                                       Paper may be here to stay, but
                   · Chamber Backs Wellness Programs                                                                   there's no reason to drown in it.

                                                                                                                       The paperless office may never
                   · Make Your Business Count                                                                          become a reality, but
                                                                                                                       incorporating digital records into
                   · Chamber Shapes Health Care Debate                                                                 your operations can help
                                                                                                                       increase productivity , improve
                                                                                                                       customer service , and reduce
                   · Chamber, White House Fellows Partner
                                                                                                                       costs related to filing , storing,
                                                                                                                       and retrieving business
                   · Join the Conversation                                                                             documents.

                                                                                                                       A more productive office is just
                   · Capital Roundup: Trade Bill Clears Congress
                                                                                                                       a few clicks away.

                   · ECON 101: Ticking Tax Time Bombs                                                                  Read more.

                   · In Your Backyard : Tight Ozone Standard Raises Alarm
                   · In Your Corner : It's Time for Voters to Decide                                               I

                   · Quick Poll : Results Are In!

                   · Success Insight: Linking Chambers With Businesses

                                         uschamber . com Monthly Editor in Chief : Gregory S . Galdabini
                               Your member number is: 5301555 . 1 You are subscribed as: governor@gov.state . ak.us.

                                                            Log in I Receive as plain text I Unsubscribe

                You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce, which has
                partnered with the U . S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members-only
                access to our online Small Business Center , as well as other periodic communications.

                The U . S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter.
                Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.


                     You received this message because you are a member of the Federation Membership Program , which has partnered with the U.S.
                     Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members- onty access to our online Small Business Center,
                     as well as other periodic communications. If you do not wish to receive U . S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to
                     this e- mail with REMOVE as the subject line, or click here. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center
                     password . please update your profile on your Subcription Management Page . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure
                     that you are property removed . For more information about U.S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line
                     at 1- 800-638-8582.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0009357
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               January: Chamber Outlines Plan for Continued Growth                                      Page 3 of 3




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0009358
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown .
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Thursday, January 03, 2008 11:42 AM
            To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
            Subject:                 Re: State of the state


            The draft that was presented me is waaaaaayyyyy too long. And not organized.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2008 04:08:43

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: State of the state




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sean




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009359
