Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :   Mike Holzman [mikeholzman@ alaska.net]
                Sent:    Friday, January 04, 2008 12:23 PM
                To:      Stroman; Ronald A (DOT)
                Cc:      Richards; Frank T (DOT); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Neuman; Mark A (LAA);
                         Dick LeFebvre; Michael A Cirillo; Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Thompson; Richard B
                         (DNR)
                Subject: Willow Lake meeting
               Mr. Stroman
               I understand you are having a meeeting Jan. 8, 2008 ref. Willow Lake. One of the main issues for
               property owners is that you and Mr. Von scheben indicated in letters and E-mails that DOT, STILL
               maintains authority to TAKE property from land owners under SAFETY OF AVIATION. Beings this is the
               situation. I'm understanding that this threat exists on all properties on the Lake. The question will be
               asked if this threat pertains to any properties off the Lake and specifically which ones? Could you
               please answer this question?
               Mr. Stroman, I still maintain a request that you cease all negotiations for a Lake Plan on Willow Lake. You
               are indicating to property owners that they have many choices and options to this Lake plan. If DOT
               Authority is maintained under SAFETY OF AVIATION as you and Mr Von Scheben have indicated the
               choices DOT has are few, and your REQUIREMENTS and LIABILITIES are many.
               May I suggest, that DOT REVISIT THE POSSIBILITY of Authority of Willow Lake reverting back to DNR
               UNDER GENERAL USE as this type of Authority is much more flexible. It would cure many of the obvious
               problems. It definetely would be less expensive for DOT and property owners. Your leases CAN BE
               MAINTAINED under DNR. Check with them, and the Feds. WE DID.
               You might step back and take a look as to what is in the best interest, and best use of Willow Lake, for the
               Community of Willow, and the State NOW and in the FUTURE. I believe you will see that GENERAL
               USE is this BEST INTEREST of the public
               Thank you for your time, and see you at the meeting.

               Mike R. Holzman
               Aviation; Retired
               (907) 346-3421

               P.S. I didn't receive notice from DOT for this meeting . Don't you have notice and time requirements to
               fulfill to even have meetings that WILL have impact on the Public? This is exactly, one of the problems on
               how DOT acquired Authority in 1964 , the public process is suppose to have TRANSPARENCY.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0009371
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

                From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:        Friday, January 04, 2008 12:18 PM
                To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Trade Bank CEO To Speak at 2008 Statewide Forecast Luncheon



               From: World Trade Center Alaska [mailto:info@wtcak.org]
               Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 11:37 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Trade Bank CEO To Speak at 2008 Statewide Forecast Luncheon


                                      5th Annual Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon

                                                        Date : January 23,2008
                                                         Where : Egan Center
                                                        Time: Noon -1:30 pm

                   Announcing:

                   Wells Fargo- HSBC Trade Bank CEO to Speak At WTCAK Statewide Economic
                   Forecast Luncheon. Talk will focus on economic rise of China and India

                   4 January 2008

                      Dear WTCAK Members and Friends of the Center:


                                                 Today, we are very pleased to announce that Sanjiv
                                                 Sanghvi , the President and Chief Executive Officer of the
                                                 Wells Fargo- HSBC Trade Bank , will be the keynote
                                                 speaker at the upcoming 2008 Statewide Economic
                                                 Forecast Luncheon . Sanghvi will provide a timely Pacific
                                                 Rim Update focused on the economic rise of China and
                                                 India. The Trade Bank, a joint venture between Wells Fargo
                                                 and HSBC, one of the world's largest financial institutions, is
                                                 the only nationally chartered bank in the United States
                                                 dedicated exclusively to international trade.

                                                 Sanghvi has 18 years of experience in commercial banking.
                                                 In 2004, he was named one of the "100 Most Influential
                                                 People in Finance " by Treasury and Risk Management
                                                 magazine . He earned his M.B.A. from the University of
                         Sanjiv
                                                 Michigan and his B.S. from the Wharton School of the
                        Sanghvi,                 University of Pennsylvania.
                      Wells Fargo -
                      HSBC Trade
                       Bank CEO                  In addition to Sanghvi's presentation, Pat Burden, the
                      and President
                                                 President of Northern Economics and one of the state's top
                                                 economic analysts, will provide the 2008 statewide




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0009372
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 2 of 3



                                                  economic forecast. Greg Wolf, the Executive Director of
                                                  World Trade Center Alaska, will report on Alaska's
                                                  international trade economy.
                   Don't miss this much- anticipated event, one of the largest business gatherings of the
                   year. As in past years, the event is expected to sell out, so be sure to register today.

                    You can reserve an individual seat, or a number of seats, for you and others. Or, you
                    can sponsor a table and use the occasion to invite your customers, colleagues and
                    friends.

                    There are a number of benefits associated with table sponsorship:

                    Premium Placement - sponsored tables will be placed in the best positions to view
                    the head table and screens.

                    Guaranteed Seating - regardless of what time you and your guest arrive at the
                    luncheon, you will sit together at the same table.

                    Corporate Recognition - your company or organization name will be visible from a
                    sign on your table.

                    This will be a content rich event. We hope that you will attend or send someone from
                    your company to participate.

                    The registration cost is $35 per individual seat or you can sponsor a table of 10
                    for $500.

                    To make your table reservation today, please call WTCAK at 278-7233. We accept
                    MasterCard, Visa, American Express and checks. Or use the convenient
                    registration form provided with this letter and fax it to 278-2982.




                                              Click here to download Registration Form



                                                 "Serving Alaska 's Business Community Since 1987"




                      Forward email


                                                                                                     Email Marketing by
                     ® SafeUnsubscribe®
                     This email was sent to governor@gov.state.ak.us, by infoowtcak.ora                   ·;^
                     Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe'm I Privacy Policy,                         CJOIwntf   Cf
                                                                                                       TRY IT FREE




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0009373
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 3 of 3




                      World Trade Center Alaska ^ 431 W 7th Avenue , Suite 108 I Anchorage ^ AK ^ 99501




                10/29/2009
                                                                                                                                        I

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009374
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ED Review (01/04/08)                                                                               Page 1 of 4


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Pain (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
                Sent:     Friday, January 04, 2008 8:04 AM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: [ED_REVIEWI ED Review (01/04/08)




                From : Honeysett, Adam [mailto:Adam.Honeysett@ED.GOV]
                Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 5:50 AM
                To: ED_REVIEW@LISTSERV.ED.GOV
                Subject : [ED_REVIEW] ED Review (01/04/08)



                                                        ED REVIEW
                                               January 4, 2008 (Happy New Year!)

                         a bi-weekly update on U.S. Department of Education activities relevant to the
                            Intergovernmental and Corporate community and other stakeholders




                STARTING ANEW

                On January 10, at 1 : 00 p.m. ET, Secretary Spellings will kick -off the new year with a major address
                at the National Press Club. She will highlight states' progress on core principles of No Child Left
                Behind and lay out her policy goals for 2008 . The text of the speech will be available at
                http://www.edgov/ shortly after it is delivered. Also, excerpts from the speech will be streamed on
                the web site.



               At the state level, the Department has begun awarding $125 million in School Improvement Grants
               to
               help turn around low-performing schools. These grants assist states in taking a greater role in
               creating and delivering leadership and technical assistance to reform schools and school districts that
               are not making Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). Authorized activities include the development and
               implementation of school improvement plans, targeted professional development for teachers and
               staff, corrective actions (such as instituting a new curriculum), the development and implementation
               of restructuring plans, and the provision of public school choice and supplemental educational
               service options for students enrolled in schools identified for improvement. The first group of
               awards ($52 million to 21 states) was announced December 20 (see
               http://www.ed.gov/news/pressreleases/2007/12/`12202007.html). Another group of awards ($11
               million to seven states and the District of Columbia) was announced last week. All awards are based
               on the Tide I allocation for each state. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
               htM://www.ed.gov/12o!LcX/elsec/gluid/stateletters/-#schiml2.

               At the local level, the Department is currently accepting nominations for its 2007 American Stars of



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009375
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ED Review (01/04/08)                                                                                Page 2 of 4


                Teaching awards, which recognize educators who are improving student achievement -- using innovative
                instructional strategies -- and making a difference in the lives of their students. Anyone can nominate an
                American Star. After the Department receives a nomination, a verification form is sent to the teacher's
                principal. One teacher will be recognized from each state and the District of Columbia. The deadline for
                nominations is March 31. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                https://www.t2tweb.us/AmStar/About.asp. (Note: 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007 award winners are posted
                at https://www.t2tweb.us/AmStar/-Prior.asl2.)



                ACHIEVEMENT ON THE RISE

                In celebration of the sixth anniversary of the No Child Left Behind Act, the next "Education News Parents
                Can Use" broadcast (January 15, 8-9 p .m. ET) will answer the question, "How do we know that NCLB is
                working?," by showcasing three No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon Schools . These schools have been
                effective in using the law's emphasis on accountability , parental involvement, and doing what works to close
                academic achievement gaps and help all students succeed . Among other components , the show will feature
                video stories of the schools ' classrooms in action as well as conversations with the principals and other
                education experts about raising the bar as never before by having high expectations for all students,
                analyzing student data to track progress , identifying individual student needs to improve instruction,
                providing a rich curriculum aligned with state standards , and using professional development to improve
                teachers ' skills. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO httt) ://www.ed.gov /edtv/. (You can
                watch archived webcasts at ha://www.connecdive . com/events ednews/.)
                                                                                    /-
                Note: Don't want to wait for the good news? NCLB "Success Stories from past broadcasts are regularly
                added to http://www.ed.gov/nclb/ overview/intro /reauth/successstories/.



                APPROPRIATIONS BILL

                As the last act of the year, Congress passed and President Bush signed an omnibus appropriations bill (H.R.
                2764) with funding for U.S. Department of Education programs. It includes:

                   · $13.9 billion for Title I grants to local education agencies, an 8.3% increase over fiscal year 2007;
                   · $11.8 billion for special education grants;
                   · $2.94 billion to help states improve the quality of their teachers;
                   · $1.27 billion for career and technical education grants, a small decrease from FY 2007; and
                   · $16 billion in Pell Grants for low- and middle-income college undergraduates, a 16.7% increase over
                      FY 2007 when funding from both the appropriations bill and the separate College Cost Reduction and
                      Access Act (approved in September) are combined.



               Also, the Reading First program was significantly cut from $1 billion last year to $393 million this year.
               FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
               http://www.ed.goy/about/ overview /budat/ news.html#08action.



                RECOGNITION: COLLEGE NAVIGATOR

               College Navigator (http://collegenavigator.edgov), the Department's web site for information about



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009376
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ED Review (01 /04/08)                                                                               Page 3 of 4


                colleges and universities , has been named by Money magazine as "the best first screen " for researching higher
                education institutions. Navigator was cited in the publication's December 4, 2007, issue, which rated the
                Top 28 web sites in seven categories -- one of which was college search tools . Money notes that the web site,
                unlike many other college search tools , is not tied to any marketing department seeking students' personal
                information. It also credits the web site for being " one of the simplest" to use , for having "a good
                comparison tool," and for providing " a full set of the latest data on expenses , aid, enrollment, admission and
                graduation rates , majors, and more , along with a Google map pinpointing location." Launched in
                September, Navigator is one of several agency resources developed to supply the public with clear and
                reliable information on the college selection process and federal financial aid. They are part of Secretary
                Spellings' plan to make the American higher education system more accessible, affordable, and accountable.
                FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                http:// money.cnn.com/2007/11/29/ pf/bestweb_ collegmoneymag/.
                                                                            e



                THE BIG READ

                The National Endowment for the Arts' (NEA) The Big Read, now in its third year, provides citizens with
                the chance to read and discuss a single book within their communities. Libraries, municipalities, and non-
                profit organizations are encouraged to apply for one of approximately 300 grants that will be awarded for
                programming occurring between September 2008 and June 2009. The application deadline is February 12.
                Aside from a grant, communities will receive many resources, including reader's and teacher's guides and
                audio guides with commentary from artists, educators, and public figures. Communities will also receive
                publicity materials. For this cycle, communities will choose from 16 prominent classics used in 2007 and
                2008 and six new titles: Washington Square by Henry James; A Wizard of Earthsea by Ursula Le Guin; The Thief
                and the Dogs by Naguib Mahfouz (in a special cultural exchange initiative with Egypt); Housekeeping by
                Marilynne Robinson; The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain; and Old School by Tobias Wolff. FOR
                MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO httj2://www.neabiuread.ore/.



                VOLUNTEER SERVICE

                The Corporation for National and Community Service is asking Americans to appropriately honor Dr.
                Martin Luther King, Jr.'s legacy on January 21 by making the holiday a day ON - versus a day off. This year
                marks the 40th anniversary of Dr. King's assassination and the 21st observance of the holiday. King Day
                became a national day of service in 1994, when Congress passed legislation to give the holiday even greater
                significance. A dedicated web site enables organizers to register projects in every state and the District of
                Columbia. The site has ideas and resources, as well as photographs of previous activities. FOR MORE
                INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://www.mlkday.gov/.

                Note: The King Day of Service falls during National Mentoring Month, which stresses the importance of
                bringing caring adults into the lives of children who need guidance, support, and encouragement. FOR
                MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://www.nationalservice. gov/about/initiatives /nnun.asp.



                NEW YEAR FUN FACTS

                To ring in the new year, the U.S. Census Bureau presented the following statistics:

                   · 73,685 -- The estimated July 1, 2006, population of Champaign, Illinois, a place whose name alone



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009377
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ED Review (01/04/08)                                                                                                    Page 4 of 4


                        may get you into a celebratory mood.
                     · $475 million -- U.S. manufacturers' shipments of effervescent wines (including sparkling wines, such
                        as champagne) in 2002.
                     · Over 303 million -- The nation's projected population as we ring in the New Year. This compares
                        with less than 175 million 50 years earlier (1958) and less than 90 million one century earlier (1908).



                UPCOMING EVENTS

                The National School and Business Partnerships Awards, created by the Council for Corporate and School
                Partnerships, recognize strong school-business partnerships that improve the academic, social, or physical
                well-being of students. Partnerships involving public schools and/or districts and businesses are eligible to
                apply. The Council will make six awards; those selected will receive $10,000 to support partnership efforts.
                Applications are due by January 30. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                htcp: / /www.corpschoolpartners.org/award. shtml.




                Please feel free to contact the Office of Communications and Outreach with any questions:
                Director, Intergovernmental Affairs - Rogers Johnson, (202) 401-0026, mailto:Rogers.Tohnson(a,ed.gov
                Program Analyst - Adam Honeysett, (202) 401-3003, mailto:Adam.HoneY ett(aled.gov
                                                                                        s
                To be added or removed from distribution, or submit comments (we welcome your feedback!),
                contact Adam Honeysett. Or, visit http://www.ed. zov/news / newsletters / edreview/.

                This newsletter contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These
                links are provided for the user's convenience. The U.S. Department of Education does not control or guarantee the accuracy,
                relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information . Furthermore , the inclusion of links is not intended to reflect
                their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed, or products or services offered, on these sites, or the
                organizations sponsoring the sites.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1 0009378
