Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, January 04, 2008 10:22 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Fw: House pre-filed bills/resolutions 2008


             Fyi

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Kelly,    Russell T   (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>



             Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2008 17:51:13

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject:    House pre -filed bills/resolutions 2008




             Governor,

            I am sending two e- mails ( House / Senate ) so they don't bog down your blackberry. What you
            see here is a list of the pre-filed bills with their titles, which will give you an idea
            of the intent. There isn't a comprehensive summary available yet, as these bills came out
            today . However , if you identify which ones you'd like to see summarized , I can work on
            getting those responses .   Otherwise, if you want the entire list summarized I will need
            more time to coordinate the response. I'm here at the office and will await your
            direction, in case it involves tracking down special assistants or liaisons today.

            Russ



            2008 PREFILED BILLS, FIRST RELEASE , HOUSE BILLS

            BILL NO. SPONSOR TITLE



            HB 266 KERTTULA Relating to the approval and administration of child care services by the
            Department of Administration primarily for the benefit of state officers and employees;
            and providing for an effective date.



            HB 267 JOHNSON Relating to authorizing the state to join with other states entering into
            the Wildlife Violator Compact and authorizing the compact to supersede existing statutes
            by approving standards, rules, or other action under the terms of the compact; and
            directing the initiation of civil actions to revoke appropriate licenses in this state
            based on a resident licensee's violation of or failure to comply with the terms of a
            wildlife resource citation issued in another state that is a party to the compact.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009387
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             HE 268 STOLTZE Relating to damaging a vehicle on public land by starting a fire or causing
             an explosion.



             HB 269 LYNN Requiring the state to procure United States and Alaska flags manufactured in
             the United States ; and requiring state buildings and schools to display only United States
             and Alaska flags manufactured in the United States.




             HE 270 COGHILL Relating to licensing of and other requirements for facilities that provide
             abortion services ; defining "ambulatory surgical facility"; and relating to state
             assistance for abortions.



             HE 271 DOLL Relating to flame retardants and to the manufacture ,       sale ,   and distribution of
             products containing flame retardants ; relating to

             bioaccumulative toxic chemicals ; and providing for an effective date.



             HE 272 STOLTZE Extending the termination date of the Alaska regional economic assistance
             program ;and providing for an effective date.




             HB 273 HAWKER BY REQUEST OF THE JOINT LEGISLATIVE EDUCATION FUNDING TASK FORCE

             Relating to school funding , the base student allocation , district cost factors , and the
             adjustments for intensive services and average daily membership calculations; and
             providing for an effective date.



             HE 274 HAWKER BY REQUEST OF THE JOINT LEGISLATIVE EDUCATION FUNDING TASK FORCE

             Relating to a report to the legislature on teacher preparation , retention , and recruitment
             by the Board of Regents of the University of Alaska.



             HE 275 GATTO Relating to tires with retractable studs.




             HE 276 DOLL Extending the termination date of the Alaska commission on Aging; and
             providing for an effective date.



             HE 277 BUCH Establishing a permanent absentee voting option for qualified voters.




             HE 278 BUCH AND DOLL Relating to sex offenders and child kidnappers.




             HE 279 DOLL AND KERTTULA Relating to the duties and powers of the Alaska Commission on
             Aging and the Department of Health and Social Services.

                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0009388
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            HB 280 GATTO Modifying the application of small claims or district court procedures to
            certain small claims by amending Rule 8 ( a), Alaska District Court Rules of Civil
            Procedure.



            HB 281 LYNN AND GATTO Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of complaints
            with the Alaska Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns.



            HB 282 DOOGAN Relating to eligibility for membership on state boards ,        commissions, and
            authorities.



            HB 283 GARDNER AND LYNN Designating the Alaska Highway and portion of the Richardson
            Highway as the Purple Heart Trail.




            HB 284 HAWKER Relating to participation in certain student fellowships as an allowable
            absence from the state for purposes of eligibility for permanent fund dividends; and
            providing for an effective date.



            HB 285 COGHILL Relating to an optional exemption from municipal property taxes for
            residences of widows and widowers of certain members of the armed forces of the United
            States ; and providing that this Act may be known as the Sergeant Irving Hernandez, Jr.,
            Act.




            HB 286 DAHLSTROM Relating to impersonating a public servant.



            HB 287 LYNN AND GARA Relating to certain investments of the Alaska permanent fund, the
            state ' s retirement systems , the State of Alaska Supplemental

            Annuity Plan , and the deferred compensation program for state employees in companies that
            do business in Sudan , and restricting those investments.



            HB 288 SEATON Relating to net energy metering for retail electricity suppliers and
            customers.



            HB 289 HARRIS AND SEATON Exempting employers from paying unemployment tax for crewmembers
            on fishing vessels that respond or prepare to respond to , or that prepare for or engage in
            an emergency or practice drill response to, an oil spill; and providing for an effective
            date.




            HB 290 KAWASAKI Relating to obtaining DNA samples from persons charged with certain
            crimes.



            HB 291 MEYER Relating to requiring completion of a driver's education program for
            provisional driver' s licensees.
                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0009389
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            HB 292 DOLL AND KERTTULA Relating to an aggravating factor at sentencing for crimes
            directed at a victim because of the victim' s homelessness.



            HB 293 MEYER Relating to the location of the convening of the legislature in session and
            to the relocation of functions of state government; and providing for an effective date.




            HB 294 WILSON , LEDOUX , AND SEATON Establishing the Alaska Marine Highway Authority,
            transferring to it from the Department of Transportation and Public Facilities the
            responsibility for the operation , management , planning , construction , and maintenance of
            facilities of the state ' s marine highway system , and making conforming amendments; and
            providing for an effective date.



            HB 295 LYNN Relating to the filing or recording of documents and records with the
            Department of Natural Resources , to the inspection and copying of filed and recorded
            documents , and to the filing of secured transaction records under the Uniform Commercial
            Code ; and providing for an effective date.



            HB 296 LYNN Extending the termination date of the Board of Parole ;               and providing for an
            effective date.




            2008 PREFILED RESOLUTIONS ,        FIRST RELEASE ,   HOUSE RESOLUTIONS




            HJR 26 COGHILL Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Alaska relating
            to direction and control of the medical care and treatment of minors.



            HJR 27 RAMRAS Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Alaska
            authorizing a contractual limitation on taxes related to the production of gas for the
            purpose of providing fiscal certainty for the construction of a natural gas pipeline.




                                                                   4




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0009390
