Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, January 04, 2008 10:17 PM
             To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Fw: Senate pre-filed bills - select summaries




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Kelly, Russell T (GOV )" <russ .kelly@alaska.gov>



             Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2008 19:25:26

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Senate pre-filed bills - select summaries




             Governor,

            Here are a few of the highlighted Senate pre -filed bills.                I'll work on the House now.

            RK




            SB 192 DYSON - Relating to the state budget, to performance of state agencies, including
            the judicial branch, and to missions and desired results to be applied to certain
            expenditures by state agencies; and providing for an effective date. SUMMARY: This is
            essentially a missions & measures bill, a pet theme of Dyson's and something he really
            wants to push-.accountability for agencies-or, "results-based government designed to
            increase efficiency and effectiveness of state programs and services." This would feature
            a semi -annual report to the legislature, by the agencies, outlining their performance, and
            a prioritizing of agency functions.   For each new budget item, the agency must identify
            the mission and desired results the new item is intended to address. This also applies to
            the UA and judicial branch.



            SB 198 WIELECHOWSKI AND THOMAS - Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of
            complaints with the Alaska Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns,
            reducing the period in which an elected candidate may continue to accept contributions;
            limiting the quantity of unused campaign contributions a candidate may transfer to a
            political party; increasing the penalty for a lobbyist or employer of a lobbyist who fails
            to properly register or file a report; and extending the statute of limitations for
            prosecutions of violations of the Alaska Election Code. SUMMARY: Allows for an
            administrative complaint to be filed within four years (instead of one year) after the
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0009398
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             date of the alleged violation .  It is also retroactive to apply to allegations one-year
             prior to the effective date of the bill .   The bill increases the penalty for late filing
             of campaign reports from $ 10/day to $ 50/day.  There are also aspects to this bill dealing
             with campaign donations that will need further review .   I'm not comfortable enough to say
             whether it's too far-reaching .  We decided to drop a bill dealing with the statute of
             limitations issue once we realized Wielechowski would have the upper hand on passage. we
             have directed APOC , DOA and Law to help Wielechowski in any way that is needed to craft
             his legislation.



             SB 199 THERRIAULT - Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of complaints with
             the Alaska Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns .  SUMMARY : Allows
             for an administrative complaint to be filed within four years ( instead of one year) after
             the date of the alleged violation.



             SB 200 THERRIAULT - Making it a crime for a public servant to fail to report certain
             criminal conduct .  SUMMARY : This would make it a Class A misdemeanor and deals with
             coercion , extortion and perjury.



             SB 201 WIELECHOWSKI - Relating to the establishment and maintenance of an Internet website
             providing public finance information ; and identifying the information to be available on
             the Internet website .  SUMMARY : It sets a date of October 1, 2009 to have the website up
             and running .  Annette Kreitzer is working on her response to this bill : " I will thank the
             Senator for his support of the $40 . 0 million borrowing authority that I think was in the
             FY08 budget ( my office is checking the facts on our response to this ) - and that Gov.
             Palin is well on the way to replacing antiquated technology with a more open , transparent
             process.  And we look forward to his continued support for these efforts..."




            SB 202 WIELECHOWSKI - Relating to expenditures in aid of       or to implement the provisions of
            the federal Real ID Act . SUMMARY : This is a one-liner ,      stating that " The commissioner of
            public safety and the commissioner of administration may       not expend funds in aid of or to
            implement or assist in the implementation of the federal       Real ID Act of 2005."




            SB 203 WIELECHOWSKI - Requiring a legislator to abstain from voting on questions affecting
            an enterprise if the legislator or member of the legislator ' s immediate family has a
            financial interest in the enterprise that is substantial , and requiring a legislator to
            abstain from taking or withholding official action or exerting official influence in
            certain matters in which the legislator ' s action or influence could benefit another
            person . SUMMARY : This one should be controversial as it has seemingly far-reaching
            implications for those legislators with family members that have ties to certain
            businesses . It also addresses undue influence which would seem to be difficult to prove.
            Law will have to further review this bill.




            SB 215 HUGGINS - Relating to issuance of identification cards and to issuance of driver's
            licenses ; and providing for an effective date . SUMMARY : This attempts to prevent illegal
            immigrants from obtaining a driver ' s license.




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0009399
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Russ Kelly

            Legislative Director

            Office of Governor Sarah

            Palin <http :// gov.state - ak.us/>

            State of Alaska

             (907) 465-3999

            **Please note my new e - mail address:    russ . kelly@alaska.gov




                                                              3
