Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, January 04, 2008 9:38 AM
             To:                      Todd
             Cc:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Fw: Administration logs/protocol




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date : Fri, 4 Jan 2008 18:29:39

             To:"PARNELL ,   S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: Administration logs / protocol




             Please, go ahead and work with Annette to ask law . I've heard from others saying they just
             won't use state cell or blackberry or laptop either ... and Wyatt has a great point about
             our use of personal equipment all throughout the day to conduct the state ' s business also.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2008 09:20:02

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Administration logs/protocol




            Wyatt was just in here helping me change passwords and commented on the new policy about
            logging personal cell phone calls . He said he plans to turn in his Blackberry because he
            doesn ' t want to deal with the paperwork hassle of logging personal calls. He also made a
            good point of asking rhetorically what is our chargeback rate to the state when we use
            our personal resources for state business . Our own personal phones , computers , vehicles,
            etc.



            As you probably know ,    part of his job involves roaming office to office to help with
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0009426
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            computer issues and not having him available by phone will cause delay in getting
            computers fixed . Maybe we should have an actual lawyer in Law look at what the IRS has
            actually said if Admin can't craft a reasonable policy that includes not having to log
            incidental use.




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0009427
