Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, January 04, 2008 9:30 AM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Administration logs/protocol


             Please, go ahead and work with Annette to ask law. I've heard from others saying they just
             won't use state cell or blackberry or laptop either... and Wyatt has a great point about
             our use of personal equipment all throughout the day to conduct the state's business also.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>




             Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2008 09:20:02

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Administration logs/protocol




            Wyatt was just in here helping me change passwords and commented on the new policy about
            logging personal cell phone calls. He said he plans to turn in his Blackberry because he
            doesn't want to deal with the paperwork hassle of logging personal calls. He also made a
            good point of asking rhetorically what is our chargeback rate to the state when we use
            our personal resources for state business. Our own personal phones, computers, vehicles,
            etc.



            As you probably know, part of his job involves roaming office to office to help with
            computer issues and not having him available by phone will cause delay in getting
            computers fixed. Maybe we should have an actual lawyer in Law look at what the IRS has
            actually said if Admin can't craft a reasonable policy that includes not having to log
            incidental use.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0009428
