Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Friday, January 04, 2008 10:11 AM
            To:                      jkoegle@evertsair.com
            Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need , suggestion , or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 10:08 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game



            Web mail from: Mr. Jack Koegle

            address: POB 61119 Fairbanks AK 99706

             590 3482




            MESSAGE:



            I am very concerned about the present F&G policy on moose harvesting.



            I've lived in Alaska 32 years, hunted all my adult life. I see nothing good coming out of
            the wholesale killing of cow moose buy the hundreds, even thousands. The killing of every
            cow moose is the killing of possibly 20 moose in that cow's lifetime.



            Fly the Tanana Flats now, and see how many moose you DON'T see. Unlike years before the
            policy of killing cow moose.



            Who is Don Young to predict the survival rate of our moose population?

            Predicting kill off by heavy snow, lack of food?

            How can he predict what the numbers of die off will possibly be.

            If you kill off all the breed stock, and then have a die off what will be left?

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009424
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I believe Don Young is going to single handily kill off our alternative food supply in the
            Fairbanks area.

            Or is there an alternitive motive?



               Thanks for listening------Jack Koegle



            jkoegle@evertsair.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0009425
