Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                     Friday, January 04, 2008 5:52 AM
            To:                       Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Leschper; Beth
                                      (GOV)
             Cc:                      Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny


            Hopefully this was already followed up with statement explaining our progress on the
            initiative? We should have put something out as soon as someone heard he was doing this
            a couple of days ago at least. Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Kelly , Russell T ( GOV)" <russ .kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2008 14:24:03

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)" <mindy.rowland@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
            <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject: FW: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny




            From: Jeff Turner [mailto:Jeff_Turner@legis.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2008 1:40 PM

             Subject: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny



            Alaska Legislature

            Senator Bill Wielechowski



            For Immediate Release: January 3, 2008




            New Legislation Would Open

            The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0009447
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              (ANCHORAGE ) - A bill that would enable Alaskans to easily track state government spending
             was introduced today by Sen . Bill Wielechowski ( D - Anchorage ).  It'calls for the
             creation of a free , publicly searchable website with detailed and comprehensive
             information on state expenditures.



             "All Alaskans deserve to know how their state dollars are being spent ," Wielechowski said
             today . " Public scrutiny of state spending will reduce waste and ensure that Alaska's
             limited funds are directed to the state ' s most essential needs .  The Alaska Open
             Government Act will help achieve that."



            Across the country, taxpayers are clamoring for better information about government
            spending and greater accountability . Wielechowski believes Alaskans have a right to this
            type of detailed information.



            The federal government just posted its "checkbook" online at www . federalspending.gov.
             Democrats and Republicans in Congress put aside their differences to pass the landmark
            legislation that led to creation of this website .  Senator Wielechowski hopes the same
            thing will happen in Alaska.



            In 2007, Kansas , Texas , Oklahoma , Minnesota , and Hawaii passed legislation requiring on-
            line posting of state expenditures .    At least 13 other states are considering " taxpayer
            transparency acts ," including Michigan ,   Illinois , Kentucky , New Mexico , Maryland,
            Florida , Georgia ,   Colorado, North Dakota ,   Washington ,   Connecticut ,   Tennessee, and
            Louisiana.




            In addition , several governors have issued executive orders that require web posting of
            state expenditures .  They include Gov. Blunt of Missouri and Gov . Sanford of South
            Carolina.



            Wielechowski noted that a more informed public will lead to better government decisions.
              "This bill will empower Alaskans to become fiscal watchdogs and add more accountability
            to government spending."



            For more information ,     contact Senator Wielechowski at (907 )      269-0120.




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0009448
