Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 04, 2008 7:45 AM
             To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 Re: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny


             We think we can start implementing w/out this legislation. It will surely take the wind
             out of his sail when we do this and subsequently have to testify on his bill. This should
             come from russ to you though-i don't want to unintentionally step on his toes. Kevin,
             commissioner and I will discuss today at 9 when she calls in.. Annette found out from
             hawaii so I'm sure she's been thinking of ways to proceed. Kevin and I will have this same
             talk w russ to get him all the details of the progress we can start making. Sorry I bucked
             the lines of communication-i assumed you heard since we received the same press release.



             ----- original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Leschper,
             Beth (GOV)

             Cc: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Jan 04 05:52:03 2008

             Subject: Re: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny



             Hopefully this was already followed up with statement explaining our progress on the
             initiative? We should have put something out as soon as someone heard he was doing this -
             a couple of days ago at least. Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry's device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From : "Kelly, Russell T      (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2008 14:24:03

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)" <mindy.rowland@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
            <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject: FW: New Legislation would open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009442
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: Jeff Turner [mailto:Jeff_Turner@legis.state.ak.usj

              Sent: Thursday, January 03, 2008 1:40 PM

              Subject: New Legislation Would Open The State's Checkbook to Public Scrutiny



            Alaska Legislature

            Senator Bill Wielechowski



            For Immediate Release :     January 3, 2008




            New Legislation Would Open

            The State ' s Checkbook to Public Scrutiny



            (ANCHORAGE) - A bill that would enable Alaskans to easily track state government spending
            was introduced today by Sen. Bill Wielechowski (D - Anchorage).   It calls for the
            creation of a free, publicly searchable website with detailed and comprehensive
            information on state expenditures.



            "All Alaskans deserve to know how their state dollars are being spent," Wielechowski said
            today.  "Public scrutiny of state spending will reduce waste and ensure that Alaska's
            limited funds are directed to the state ' s most essential needs . The Alaska Open
            Government Act will help achieve that."



            Across the country, taxpayers are clamoring for better information about government
            spending and greater accountability.  Wielechowski believes Alaskans have a right to this
            type of detailed information.



            The federal government just posted its "checkbook" online at www.federalspending.gov.
             Democrats and Republicans in Congress put aside their differences to pass the landmark
            legislation that led to creation of this website.   Senator Wielechowski hopes the same
            thing will happen in Alaska.



            In 2007 , Kansas , Texas, Oklahoma , Minnesota , and Hawaii passed legislation requiring on-
            line posting of state expenditures.     At least 13 other states are considering " taxpayer
            transparency acts," including Michigan,     Illinois, Kentucky, New Mexico, Maryland,
            Florida, Georgia, Colorado, North Dakota, Washington, Connecticut, Tennessee, and
            Louisiana.




            In addition, several governors have issued executive orders that require web posting of
            state expenditures.  They include Gov. Blunt of Missouri and Gov. Sanford of South
            Carolina.


                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0009443
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Wielechowski noted that a more informed public will lead to better government decisions.
               "This bill will empower Alaskans to become fiscal watchdogs and add more accountability
             to government spending."



             For more information, contact Senator Wielechowski at (907) 269-0120.




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0009444
