Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From :    Perez, Linda J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LJPEREZ]
                 Sent:     Friday, January 04, 2008 3:48 PM
                 To:       'Sarah Palin'
                 Subject: FW: Travel Reimbursement Changes




               From: Perez, Linda 3 (GOV)
               Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 3:47 PM
               To: GOV All Staff; Haley, Paula (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Travel Reimbursement Changes

               The Department of Administration has advised us of the following changes to travel
               reimbursements effective January 1, 2008.

               The mileage reimbursement rate has been increased to $.505 per mile, concurrent
               with the change to the IRS standard mileage rate.

               Travelers who are in travel status for more than 12 hours but not in travel status
               overnight will still be entitled to a meal and incidental expense allowance (M&IE) if
               they are in travel status for at least three consecutive hours during a meal period,
               but these payments will now be included as taxable compensation on employee W-2s
               in accordance with direction received from the Internal Revenue Service. Travel
               reimbursements for same day travel for M&IE allowances will be processed through
               payroll.

               Travelers who wish to avoid a tax consequence as a result of same day travel M&IE
               allowance should indicate on their TA that no per diem is requested. There are no
               changes to other expense reimbursements related to same day travel. Those
               reimbursements will continue to be processed by the travel section.




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0009456
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Fw: Senate pre-filed bills 2008                                                                           Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                From:      PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1 ]
                Sent:      Saturday, January 05, 2008 12:46 AM
                To:        Sarah Palin
                Subject: RE: Senate pre-filed bills 2008

              Thanks for sending these. I hadn't seen them.

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Do you have a list of your potential legislation ???? Did any of the legislators' bills catch your eye?




              From: gov .sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Fri 1/4/2008 10:23 PM
              To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
              Subject: Fw: Senate pre-filed bills 2008


              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

              ---Original Message-----
              From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ .kelly@alaska.gov>

              Date : Fri, 04 Jan 2008 17:51:22
              To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike .tibbles@alaska.gov>
              Subject: Senate pre-filed bills 2008


              2008 PREFILED BILLS, FIRST RELEASE, SENATE BILLS, BILL NO. SPONSOR TITLE

              SB 185 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to sex offenders and child kidnappers.

              SB 186 DAVIS Relating to a mental health patient grievance procedure.

              SB 187 WIELECHOWSKI, THOMAS, AND ELTON Increasing the minimum wage; creating an annual adjustment to the
              minimum wage based on the rate of inflation ; and providing for an effective date.

              SB 188 THERRIAULT Extending the termination date of the Alaska Commission on Aging ; and providing for an effective
              date.

              SB 189 THERRIAULT Making special appropriations for bridge repairs and construction and road construction; and
              providing for an effective date.




               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009457
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Fw: Senate pre-filed bills 2008                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


              SB 190 THERRIAULT Requiring minors 13 through 17 years of age who are not traveling accompanied by a parent or
              guardian to present identification and to have authorization from a parent or guardian before receiving a ticket from an airline
              employee.

              SB 191 DAVIS Relating to continuing the public education of a homeless student and to the purpose of certain laws as they
              relate to children.

              SB 192 DYSON Relating to the state budget, to performance of state agencies, including the judicial branch, and to missions
              and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures by state agencies; and providing for an effective date.

               SB 193 DYSON Relating to the state budget, to performance of state agencies, including the judicial branch, and to missions
               and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures by state agencies; and providing for an effective date.

              SB 194 DYSON Relating to the state budget, to performance of state agencies, including the judicial branch, and to missions
              and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures from state budgets by the executive branch of state government,
              including the University of Alaska, and by the judicial branch of state government; and providing for an effective date.

              SB 195 DAVIS Requiring health care insurers to provide coverage for treatment of mental health, alcoholism, and substance
              abuse conditions, and requiring parity between health care insurance coverage for mental health, alcoholism, and substance
              abuse benefits and other medical care benefits; eliminating different treatment for mental health conditions from the
              minimum benefits of the state health insurance plan; removing an exclusion for mental health services or alcohol or drug
              abuse from the definition of basic health care services in the law relating to health maintenance organizations; repealing a
              provision that allows optional insurance coverage for treatment of alcoholism and drug abuse based on the number of
              employees and the duration of employment; repealing a definition of costs applicable solely to
              treatment for alcoholism and drug abuse, including a provision that allows the cost for treatment of alcoholism and drug
              abuse to be determined by the insurance contract or by a contract between the treatment provider and the health care insurer,
              repealing a definition of mental health benefits that excludes treatment of substance abuse or chemical dependency; and
              providing for an effective date.

               SB 196 GREEN Relating to establishing a controlled substance prescription database.

               SB 197 WIELECHOWSKI Requiring credit card issuers to recognize certain dates as dates of payment.

              SB 198 WIELECHOWSKI AND THOMAS Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of complaints with the Alaska
              Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns, reducing the period in which an elected candidate may
              continue to accept contributions; limiting the quantity of unused campaign contributions a candidate may transfer to a
              political party; increasing the penalty for a lobbyist or employer of a lobbyist who fails to properly register or file a
              report; and extending the statute of limitations for prosecutions of violations of the Alaska Election Code.

              SB 199 TIERRIAULT Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of complaints with the Alaska Public Offices
              Commission involving state election campaigns.

              SB 200 THERRIAULT Making it a crime for a public servant to fail to report certain criminal conduct.

              SB 201 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to the establishment and maintenance of an Internet website providing public finance
              information; and identifying the information to be available on the Internet website.

              SB 202 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to expenditures in aid of or to implement the provisions of the federal Real ID Act.

              SB 203 WIELECHOWSKI Requiring a legislator to abstain from voting on questions affecting an enterprise if the legislator
              or member of the legislator's immediate family has a financial interest in the enterprise that is substantial, and requiring a
              legislator to abstain from taking or withholding official action or exerting official influence in certain matters in which the
              legislator's action or influence could benefit another person; making the Act conditionally effective; and providing for an
              effective date.

              SB 204 THERRIAULT Relating to an optional exemption from municipal property taxes for residences of widows and
              widowers of certain members of
              the armed forces of the United States; and providing for an effective date.

              SB 205 DYSON Removing the prohibition against individuals who are related to a legislator or legislative employee being
              eligible for employment by the legislature in certain positions.



               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0009458
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Fw: Senate pre-filed bills 2008                                                                                 Page 3 of 3



               SB 206 DAVIS Repealing the Alaska children's trust; and providing for an effective date.

               SB 207 THERRIAULT Relating to appropriations to the budget reserve fund.

               SB 208 DYSON Relating to sexual assault.

               SB 209 DAVIS Extending the termination date of the Alaska Commission on Aging; and providing for an effective date.

               SB 210 DAVIS Making a special appropriation to The Alaska Community Foundation; and providing for an effective date.

              SB 211 DAVIS Relating to an aggravating factor at sentencing for crimes directed at a victim because of the victim's
              homelessness.

              SB 212 DAVIS Relating to eligibility requirements for medical assistance for certain children and pregnant women; and
              providing for an effective date.

               SB 213 DYSON Relating to the audit authority of the legislative audit division.

              SB 214 HUGGINS Relating to big game hunting by nonresident members of the military service and their dependants; and
              providing for an effective date.

               SB 215 HUGGINS Relating to issuance of identification cards and to issuance of driver's licenses; and providing for an
               effective date.

               SB 216 ELLIS Designating the Alaska Highway and portion of the Richardson Highway as the Purple Heart Trail.




               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0009459
