Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Saturday, January 05, 2008 7:55 AM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Senate pre-filed bills 2008


             I didn't go through all, yet,       but the ones you point out are interesting.



             The increase in min wage will be contentious in that working group and won't go anywhere.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sat, 05 Jan 2008 00:45:30

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: RE: Senate pre-filed bills 2008




             Thanks for sending these. I hadn't seen them.



            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Do you have a list of your potential legislation???? Did any of the legislators' bills
             catch your eye?




              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent: Fri 1/4/2008 10:23 PM

            To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey

            Subject: Fw: Senate pre-filed bills 2008




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" < russ .kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 04 Jan 2008 17:51:22

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Subject : Senate pre - filed bills 2008




            2008 PREFILED BILLS, FIRST RELEASE, SENATE BILLS, BILL NO. SPONSOR TITLE




            SB 185 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to sex offenders and child kidnappers.




            SB 186 DAVIS Relating to a mental health patient grievance procedure.



            SB 187 WIELECHOWSKI , THOMAS , AND ELTON Increasing the minimum wage ; creating an annual
            adjustment to the minimum wage based on the rate of inflation ; and providing for an
            effective date.




            SB 188 THERRIAULT Extending the termination date of the Alaska Commission on Aging; and
            providing for an effective date.




            SB 189 THERRIAULT Making special appropriations for bridge repairs and construction and
            road construction; and providing for an effective date.




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0009470
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             SB 190 THERRIAULT Requiring minors 13 through 17 years of age who are not traveling
             accompanied by a parent or guardian to present identification and to have authorization
             from a parent or guardian before receiving a ticket from an airline employee.



             SB 191 DAVIS Relating to continuing the public education of a homeless student and to the
             purpose of certain laws as they relate to children.



             SB 192 DYSON Relating to the state budget , to performance of state agencies , including the
             judicial branch , and to missions and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures
             by state agencies ; and providing for an effective date.



             SB 193 DYSON Relating to the state budget , to performance of state agencies , including the
             judicial branch , and to missions and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures
             by state agencies ; and providing for an effective date.



             SB 194 DYSON Relating to the state budget , to performance of state agencies , including the
             judicial branch , and to missions and desired results to be applied to certain expenditures
             from state budgets by the executive branch of state government , including the University
             of Alaska , and by the judicial branch of state government ; and providing for an effective
             date.



             SB 195 DAVIS Requiring health care insurers to provide coverage for treatment of mental
             health , alcoholism , and substance abuse conditions , and requiring parity between health
             care insurance coverage for mental health , alcoholism , and substance abuse benefits and
             other medical care benefits ; eliminating different treatment for mental health conditions
             from the minimum benefits of the state health insurance plan ; removing an exclusion for
             mental health services or alcohol or drug abuse from the definition of basic health care
             services in the law relating to health maintenance organizations ; repealing a provision
             that allows optional insurance coverage for treatment of alcoholism and drug abuse based
             on the number of employees and the duration of employment ; repealing a definition of costs
             applicable solely to

            treatment for alcoholism and drug abuse , including a provision that allows the cost for
            treatment of alcoholism and drug abuse to be determined by the insurance contract or by a
            contract between the treatment provider and the health care insurer; repealing a
            definition of mental health benefits that excludes treatment of substance abuse or
            chemical dependency ; and providing for an effective date.



            SB 196 GREEN Relating to establishing a controlled substance prescription database.



            SB 197 WIELECHOWSKI Requiring credit card issuers to recognize certain dates as dates of
            payment.



            SB 198 WIELECHOWSKI AND THOMAS Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of
            complaints with the Alaska Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns,
            reducing the period in which an elected candidate may continue to accept contributions;
            limiting the quantity of unused campaign contributions a candidate may transfer to a
            political party ; increasing the penalty for a lobbyist or employer of a lobbyist who fails
            to properly register or file a

            report ; and extending the statute of limitations for prosecutions of violations of the
                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0009471
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Alaska Election Code.



            SB 199 THERRIAULT Extending the statute of limitations for the filing of complaints with
            the Alaska Public Offices Commission involving state election campaigns.




            SB 200 THERRIAULT Making it a crime for a public servant to fail to report certain
            criminal conduct.




            SB 201 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to the establishment and maintenance of an Internet website
            providing public finance information; and identifying the information to be available on
            the Internet website.



            SB 202 WIELECHOWSKI Relating to expenditures in aid of or to implement the provisions of
            the federal Real ID Act.




            SB 203 WIELECHOWSKI Requiring a legislator to abstain from voting on questions affecting
            an enterprise if the legislator or member of the legislator's immediate family has a
            financial interest in the enterprise that is substantial, and requiring a legislator to
            abstain from taking or withholding official action or exerting official influence in
            certain matters in which the legislator's action or influence could benefit another
            person ; making the Act conditionally effective; and providing for an effective date.



            SB 204 THERRIAULT Relating to an optional exemption from municipal property taxes for
            residences of widows and widowers of certain members of

            the armed forces of the United States; and providing for an effective date.



            SB 205 DYSON Removing the prohibition against individuals who are related to a legislator
            or legislative employee being eligible for employment by the legislature in certain
            positions.



            SB 206 DAVIS Repealing the Alaska children's trust; and providing for an effective date.




            SB 207 THERRIAULT Relating to appropriations to the budget reserve fund.




            SB 208 DYSON Relating to sexual assault.



           SB 209 DAVIS Extending the termination date of the Alaska Commission on Aging; and
           providing for an effective date.




           SB 210 DAVIS Making a special appropriation to The Alaska Community Foundation; and
           providing for an effective date.


                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0009472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            SB 211 DAVIS Relating to an aggravating factor at sentencing for crimes directed at a
            victim because of the victim' s homelessness.



            SB 212 DAVIS Relating to eligibility requirements for medical assistance for certain
            children and pregnant women ; and providing for an effective date.



            SB 213 DYSON Relating to the audit authority of the legislative audit division.



            SB 214 HUGGINS Relating to big game hunting by nonresident members of the military service
            and their dependants ; and providing for an effective date.



            SB 215 HUGGINS Relating to issuance of identification cards and to issuance of driver's
            licenses ; and providing for an effective date.




            SB 216 ELLIS Designating the Alaska Highway and portion of the Richardson Highway as the
            Purple Heart Trail.




                                                          5




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0009473
