Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                 From :     John Katz (jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgJ
                 Sent:      Monday, January 07, 2008 3:58 AM
                 To:        Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:        barbara.thompson@alaska.gov; Beth Leschper, Karen Rehfeld; Larry Hartig; Randy Ruaro;
                            rhonda.mcbnde@alaska.gov; Sean Parnell; Talis Colberg; Tom Irwin; Allison Nyholm; Larry Persily;
                            Sam Bishop; Emil Notti; Joseph Schmidt; Pat Galvin; Leo von Scheben; Walt Monegan; Denby
                            Lloyd; Anna Kim; Annette Kreitzer; Cora Crome; Joseph Balash ; Kris Perry; Lynne Smith; Russ
                            Kelly; Karleen Jackson; 'Clark C Bishop'; Craig Campbell
                 Subject: Federal Issues List for 2008/DC Governor's Office


                Below for your information and review is our proposed federal issues list for 2008.

               The list includes issues pending before congress and various federal agencies. The
               list has been revised from its 2007 counterpart to reflect legislative and executive
               branch activity last year. In addition, we have included items that are likely to
               receive attention in 2008. Of course, issues will be added or deleted during the
               course of the year as further activity occurs.

               The annual task of formulating the list forces us to the discipline of identifying those
               federal issues which will most affect Alaska. Another purpose is to generate
               discussion within the administration to ensure that we have selected those issues
               which are of greatest significance to the cabinet, special assistants, and you.

               With this in mind, we would appreciate any comments or suggestions which you or
               others might have.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                             Federal Issues List - 2008
                                                            (not in priority order)
                                                      DC Governor's Office
                          Federal appropriations and grants, including policy riders
                          Gas pipeline including AGIA applications and process
                          Oil pipeline integrity and corrosion; North Slope infrastructure
                         Federal oil and gas leasing, NPR-A and offshore
                         Energy legislation/ANWR
                         Endangered Species Act reviews and decisions, including polar bears, beluga whales,
                          etc.
                         Amendments to 1872 mining law
                         Climate change legislation
                         Offshore aquaculture legislation
                         Tongass Land Management Plan adoption and implementation
                         Wetlands regulation by EPA, Corps of Engineers
                         Coastal erosion - villages
                         Federal review of U.S. Arctic policy


               8/28/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0009482
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                      Increase in bonding cap for qualified veterans mortgage bonds
                      Exemption for state-operated student loan programs from certain new laws for private
                       lenders
                      Arctic Council
                      Customs and Border protection's interpretation of cruise ship rules
                      Telecommunications issues (FCC action on rural subsidy Universal Service Fund)
                      FAA reauthorization
                      Shipping risk assessments and Coast Guard presence
                      Real ID
                      Homeland security, natural disasters
                      Exemption for fishing and recreational boats from EPA permits
                      King Cove-Cold Bay land trade legislation
                      Farm bill provisions benefiting Alaska fishermen
                      Legislation to control invasive species
                      Marine Mammal Protection Act reauthorization
                      Coastal Zone Management Act reauthorization
                      Ocean policy legislation
                    Amendments to fishery law concerning freezer-long liner cooperative, American
                     Fisheries Act vessel rebuild, etc.
                    Annette Island reservation boundary expansion
                    Federal subsistence management
                    Federal land planning and ANILCA implementation
                    Federal legislation to restrict state predator control
                    Public access and federal use fees
                    Landscape legislation
                    Federal appointments
                    Pandemic flu
                    Village safe water programs
                    Federal re-entry legislation
                    GAO letter and report on Medicaid ; Medicaid reform
                    Medicare reimbursement rates
                    Temporary Assistance to Needy Families
                    State Children's Health Insurance Program
                    Workforce Investment Act
                    Reauthorization of No Child Left Behind
                    Tribal jurisdiction
                    Rural Justice Commission, including alcohol interdiction
                    Denali Commission - assist with DC efforts
                    Federal contracting for ANCSA corporations
                    National Governors Association, Western Governors Association, and Republican
                     Governors Association

               Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
               jwkatz _alaskadc .org. Thank you.




               8/28/2009

                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0009483
