Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1



                    Unknown

                    From :   Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
                    Sent:    Monday, January 07, 2008 10:53 AM
                    To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                    Subject: FW: Polar Bears

                Matt Cronin who wrote this positive letter was appointed to your Board of Forestry end of July.

                We can have Tara get a positive letter thanking him for his point of view as well.

                F


                From: Frye, Ivy 3 (DOA)
               Sent: Monday, January 07, 2008 10:28 AM
               To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
                Subject: Polar Bears

               This guy was re-appointed to the Board of Forestry this year...

               Palin quite correct in opposing endangered listing for polar bears
               Gov. Sarah Palin justified her opposition to listing polar bears under the Endangered Species Act in
               the Daily News ("Alaska takes seriously its job of protecting polar bears," Dec. 18). She believes
               polar bears should be conserved, but ESA is not the way to address climate change. Her position
               was criticized by Kassie Siegel (Dec. 24), Diane Pleninger (Dec. 26) and lean Kollantai (Jan. 3).
               I agree with Gov. Palin that it is inappropriate to use the ESA of one country for one species to
               address global climate change.
               Also, consider the role of federal and state government. Pleninger believes the state has no
               decision-making role for ESA. It is true that federal biologists have monopolized the writing,
               reviewing and editing of ESA documents, but states are supposed to get special consideration and
               all citizens can participate.
               Federal jurisdiction is actually inappropriate considering the 10th Amendment to the U.S.
               Constitution:
               "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
               States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."
               Wildlife management is properly relegated to the states. The ESA is sometimes justified under the
               interstate commerce clause of the Constitution, but this is contrived. Regardless, in the United
               States, polar bears occur in only one state, Alaska, so even the ICC justification is invalid in this
               case. The governor is doing her duty by exercising state jurisdiction.
               -- Matthew A. Cronin
               Anchorage




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009481
