Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :    Stroman, Ronald A (DOT) [ron.stroman@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Monday, January 07, 2008 9:45 AM
                To:       'Gary Boyd'
                Cc:       Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Richards; Frank T (DOT); 'Richard Thompson';
                          Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Neuman; Mark A (tAA); 'Michael A Cirillo'; 'Dick LeFebvre'
                Subject: RE: RE:
                Good morning Mr. Boyd.
                Thank you for taking the time to write expressing your view about Willow Lake and a lake use plan. While
                I personally agree that the issues between aviation and recreational use of the lake could be fixed at the
                local level, the comments I have received indicate that there is a need for clear standards for lake use that
                will be known by everyone. We appreciate the fact that there hasn't been an accident on Willow Lake
                between a watercraft and an aircraft. However, as you have been on the lake for 18 years, I believe you
                can attest to the fact that there is a considerable increase in lake use by both recreational users and
                aircraft. Until a few years ago, the amount of comments we received in complaint of one user or another
                was very few and far between. The number and amount of complaints we received each year for the last
                three years indicates that there are problems that must be addressed. It was offered at a public meeting
                that a lake use plan be developed. There is merit to that suggestion.

                Over the initial years of compliant, the State supported resolution of the issues by the users. However,
                resolution hasn't happened. When there isn't a middle ground that everyone is willing to accept, and
                safety has become compromised, it is. the responsibility of the State, as owner of the lake to initiate action
                that will lead to resolution. Thus, we will work toward implementing a use plan. The focus of the
                workshop tomorrow will be multi-use. I anticipate a few more such meeting between now and the start of
                the summer season, when a plan will be implemented.

                I checked with Central Region and was informed that letters were mailed December 31, and a public
                notice was published and posted the same day. I guess you could say Gary that our motives are to
                develop a safe operating environment for all users of Willow Lake and I hope you will be a participant in
                achieving this goal by attending this and follow-up workshops. Again, thanks for writing and expressing
                your views.

                Ron Stroman
                Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
                Division of Statewide Aviation
                Ph.     907-334-2695
                Fax     907-269-0489
                Cell    907-240-8695


                From: Gary Boyd [mailto:gcboyd@acsalaska.net]
                Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 3:30 PM
                To: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
                Cc: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Richards, Frank T (DOT); Richard Thompson;
                Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Neuman, Mark A (LAA); Michael A Grillo; Dick LeFebvre
                Subject: Fw: RE:

                Mr. Stroman, I concur with the Holzman's position on this issue. Why is DOT in such a hurry to
                implement a management plan when there is no recorded/verified incedents of conflicts between aircraft
                and watercraft. I've been on the lake for 18 yrs and have yet to see an aircraft have to make a go-around
                because of a conflict with a watercraft. This proposed lake management plan is not needed. Once again
                DOT has failed to notify property owners in a timley manner.... makes one wonder about your motives
                and what's really driving the train?
                Regards,
                Gary & Dixie Boyd



                 10/29/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0009494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 3


                13181 N Willow Lake Dr.




                ---- Original Message -----
                From : Linda Holzman
                To: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
                Cc: Michael A Cirillo ; Ruaro. Randall P (GOV) ; Richard Thompson ; Dick LeFebvre ; Neuman, Mark A (LAA) ;
                Palin. Sarah H (GOV) ; Von Scheben. Leo (DOT) ; Richards. Frank T (DOT)
                Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 2:15 PM
                Subject : Re: RE:

                Hi Ron,
                Please tell me what authority you are using to waive the 30 day notice period as required per AS 44.62.190?
                A PUBLIC WORK SHOP, ("TO HELP WRITE A WILLOW LAKE USE PLAN THAT WHEN IMPLEMENTED WILL
                ALLOW SAFE USE OF THE LAKE"), is a very IMPORTANT MEETING, AS IT IMPLIES THAT THE USES OF
                THE LAKE WILL CHANGE.

                We the public NEED NOTICE, so that we can plan our time to participate in these meetings. I think that is why we
                have AS 44.62.190, so that the BEST INTEREST OF THE PUBLIC CAN BE SERVED.
                Again, I ask you what date did you post the notice of the meeting in the Daily News?
                I know you posted the notice on the State of Alaska's "On Line Public Notice" on January 3, 2008. That gives us
                5 days notice which is not sufficent notice time.
                I still have not received the notice or the draft plan, that you mailed , what date were they mailed? No one I know
                has received your notice.

                After 40 years of DOT'S NON-MANGEMENT of the lake why are you pushing this so fast. Our last meeting was
                on October 10,2007. You had plenty of time to plan the next meeting with a full 30-day legal notice period.
                Huggins and Neumans office just stated that they would be sending their representives to the meeting as they are
                both in Juneau.

                As a property owner, I can not help but feel that DOT is trying to push off their agenda on us without our full
                knowledge or input, we know that "DOT OR AVIATION HOLDS THE TRUMP CARD", BECAUSE YOU HAVE
                TOLD US MANY TIMES.
                Willow Air Taxi is not operating on the lake until next summer . Historically, there are no
                recorded accidents with aircraft on the lake , WHAT IS THE RUSH?
                I agree we need meetings and solutions that meet THE BEST USE OF STATE LANDS/WATER.
                Thanks, Linda

                  - Original Message ----
                  From: Stroman , Ronald A (DOT)
                  To: Linda Holzman
                  Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 9:02 AM
                  Subject: RE:

                  Good day Ms. Holzman

                  Notice has been posted and published of the up-coming workshop. I've checked with Central Region and they
                  say the letters did go out to everyone so I hope you've received it. Notice of less than a month is typical for
                  public workshops . We were trying to set this meeting up so that Senator Huggins and Representative Neuman
                  could attend , as people requested-the session starts soon after.

                  Please let me know if you did not receive the draft plan.

                  Ron Stroman
                  Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
                  Division of Statewide Aviation




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0009495
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3



                  From: Linda Holzman [mailto : lindalu@alaska.net)
                  Sent: Thursday, January 03 , 2008 11:50 AM
                  To. Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
                  Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Richards, Frank T (DOT); Neuman , Mark A (LAA); Huggins, Charlie (LAA)
                  Subject:

                  Hi Ron,
                  I see that you posted notice of the workshop meeting for Willow Lake Use Plan on the States of Alaska "Online
                  Public Notice Page", today January 3, 2008, at 9:29 am. What is the normal posting time to notifly all interested
                  parties of a public meeting ? Is five (5) days normal? Many of us are interested and need to make plans to
                  attend these meetings and would like to know how much time you will give us before holding a public meeting.
                  Thanks, Linda




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0009496
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 RE: Ongoing Disaster in Kivalina - Need for Action                                            Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                 From :      Meera Kohler [mkohler@avec.org]
                 Sent:       Monday, January 07, 2008 1:41 PM
                 To:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:         Notti; Emil R (CED); craig.campbell@alaska.gov; Campbell; Craig (MVA); Monegan; Walt C (DPS);
                             Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Nizich; Michael A
                             (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Joule; Reggie (LAA); Olson; Donny (LAA)
                 Subject:    RE: Ongoing Disaster in Kivalina - Need for Action
                 Importance: High
                <<NWAB Disaster Declaration 9-25-07.pdf>> -Letter to Governor.doc>>

                <<Kivalina Emergency Transfer Plan 20070ct9.doc>>

                Dear Governor Paln,

                Almost three months ago I sent the email below and these three attachments requesting
                State action to cover the emergency response costs being experienced in Kivalina. I
                have had no formal response and there does not appear to have been a state disaster
                declaration.

                Alaska Village Electric Cooperative has spent $570,000 to respond to the September
                13/14, 2008 storms, culminating in relocating 10 of its 13 tanks to an area deemed to be
                safer than their prior location. AVEC does not have the financial wherewithal to simply
                absorb an operating expense of this magnitude and we have repeatedly requested
                assistance from the State, with no results.

                There appears to be a perception that, because AVEC is a cooperative serving 53
                villages , we should be able to incur an expense such as this and spread the cost
                between all 53 villages . The question that must be posed is - if this had happened in
                Buckland or Deering, would the local electric utility be expected to absorb such a cost?
                The answer is - no, not only could they not do that, they would simply have been unable
                to accomplish the tank move and, no doubt , the State would have stepped in and done
                it for them.

                There is no justification for treating AVEC any differently that any other small local
                essential service provider that is under threat. The State of Alaska and the US Coast
                Guard summoned AVEC to a meeting in late September and essentially directed us to
                proceed with moving the tank farm. Two weeks earlier, the Coast Guard informed
                AVEC that our 100,000 gallons of fuel were an imminent threat to the community due to
                the rapidly eroding shoreline adjacent to the tank farm. At that time, our fuel supplier
                had already been contacted by ADEC and the USCG to explore the possibility of
                removing the fuel from the community. AVEC was willing to remove the fuel, but it could
                not have been brought back to the community again by barge. At that time, the
                Department of Homeland Security informed AVEC that we could be liable for million of
                dollars in damages should our actions precipitate an evacuation of the community and
                the USCG informed us that we could be liable for millions of dollars in cleanup costs
                should our fuel be spilled due to beach erosion. Relocation of the tank farm was
                deemed by the USCG, ADEC and DHS to be the best course of action. Assurances
                (verbal, of course) were given that State disaster funds would be forthcoming.


                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009497
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 RE: Ongoing Disaster in Kivalina - Need for Action                                                    Page 2 of 3


                 AVEC has been placed in an extremely uncomfortable position by the lack of action at the
                 State level . Our only source of operating funds is from our membership. This project provided
                 no benefit to anyone other than those residing in Kivalina and our board will have to consider
                 recovering the costs from the electric consumers in Kivalina. This will mean a surcharge of
                 about 50 cents a kilowatthour for all electricity sold in Kivalina over the next 12 months.

                 I think it is unreasonable of the State of Alaska to not step up to the plate in a case like this
                 where a bona fide disaster existed and continued to unfold . The community of Kivalina has
                 responded to the best of their ability , as has AVEC. We should not be left holding the bag!

                 Sincerely,

                 Meera Kohler

                Meera Kohler
                President/CEO
                Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc.
                4831 Eagle Street
                Anchorage, Alaska 99503
                Voice: (907) 565-5531
                Fax: (907) 562-4086
                Email: mkohler@avec.org


                From: Meera Kohler
                Sent: Thursday, October 11, 2007 2:34 PM
                To: 'sarah . palin@alaska.gov'
                Cc: 'emil. notti@alaska .gov'; 'cralg .campbell@alaska .gov; 'craig .campbe112@ us.army.miI';
                'walt.monegan@alaska .gov'; 'joseph .schmidt@alaska.gov'; 'talis .colberg@alaska .gov'; 'patrick .gaMn@alaska.gov';
                'mike.nizich@alaska .gov'; 'Iarry. hartig@alaska.gov
                Subject: Ongoing Disaster in Kivalina - Need for Action

                 << File: NWAB Disaster Declaration 9-25-07.pdf >>

                 << File: Letter to Governor.doc >> << File: Kivalina Emergency Transfer Plan 20070ct9.doc


                Dear Governor and members of the Disaster Policy Cabinet,

                I apologize for the informal nature of this email, but I have authorized the commencement of an
                expensive project to relocate the AVEC tank farm in Kivalina, and in fact have received a
                "Kivalina Emergency Transfer Plan" (attached) from ADEC appropriating $25,000 to assist us
                in speeding up the fuel transfer if necessary. Of course, if the plan should be activated, ADEC
                has informed us that we would be billed for any expenditures they might make.

                The crux of the issue is that significant expenditures are being made by AVEC to respond to
                this ongoing disaster and , despite the Northwest Arctic Borough 's September 25th disaster
                declaration , there has been no action on the state 's part other than the above mentioned
                action by ADEC.

                By the attached latter, I am urging you to please take whatever action is necessary to assist



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0009498
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                RE: Ongoing Disaster in Kivalina - Need for Action                                             Page 3 of 3


                AVEC and the community of Kivalina to respond to the untenable situation that we are in.

                Sincerely,

                Meera Kohler
                President/CEO
                Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc.
                4831 Eagle Street
                Anchorage, Alaska 99503
                Voice: (907) 565-5531
                Fax: (907) 562-4086
                Email: mkohler@avec.org


                This e-mail message has been scanned for Viruses and Content and cleared by MailMarshal




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0009499
