Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From :    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:     Monday, January 07, 2008 11:53 AM
                 To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Law School and Governor Hickel

               Dear Governor Palin,
                    Governor Hickel has arranged to bring a group of people to my office on Wednesday to discuss his hopes for
               a law school in Alaska. I know you had asked me about this before. Have you taken a position on this? Please
               let me know. Thanks Talis




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0009489
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                               Page 1 of 4


                Unknown

                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:       Monday, January 07, 2008 10:01 AM
                To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update



                From: Manhattan Institute [mailto :tmi@manhattan -institute.org]
                Sent: Monday, January 07, 2008 6:41 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                Keeping you up-to -date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                                  January 7,




                        Join Young Leaders Today
                        On Wednesday , January 9 , the Young Leaders Circle will host Shelby Steele, a Senior Fellow at the
                        Hoover Institution , to discuss the complex role race plays in politics today. Individuals in their 20s and
                        30s who are interested in market-oriented policies can click here to find out more about joining the
                        Young Leaders Circle.




                        Immigration is Not Black and White
                        Tamar Jacoby , Dallas Morning News, January 7, 2008
                        (This article originally appeared in the Los Angeles Times, 1-2-2008)
                        You've heard it all a dozen times. That the public is virulently anti-immigrant. That political leaders -
                        including President Bush and the senators from both parties who voted last summer to overhaul the
                        immigration system - are hopelessly out of touch with this angry tide. That millions of people across
                        the country are going to vote on the basis of their fury... The only problem: It isn't so. The situation
                        isn't nearly so black and white.. .


                        A Simpler Alternative to Congestion Pricing
                        Hope Cohen , Gotham Gazette , January 7, 2008
                        Mayor Michael Bloomberg ' s proposal for "congestion pricing" - a fee imposed on driving in Manhattan's
                        central business district during prime hours - has made it safe at last to discuss traffic solutions that
                        were previously off limits . Just last week , City Hall announced a crackdown on the official placards thai
                        allow tens of thousands of public employees to park free on the street - a topic long avoided by those
                        in charge.. .


                        Ahead of the Curve



                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0009490
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                           Page 2 of 4




                      Julia Vitullo- Martin , New York Post, January 6, 2008
                      Has any other well-known architect ever had to endure as much abuse from haughty critics as Morris
                      Lapidus (1902-2001), designer of such hotels as the Fontainebleau in Miami and the Metropolitan (now
                      Doubletree) in New York?...


                      NYPD' s historic feat should quiet critics
                      Heather Mac Donald , New York Daily News, January 6, 2008
                      New York City just ended 2007 with the lowest number of murders - below 500 - since 1963, the last
                      year exact comparisons are possible. This homicide drop, from a high of 2,245 in 1990, is unmatched
                      anywhere in the country or in the annals of policing. It is long past time for New Yorkers to
                      acknowledge the debt that they owe to their police force...


                      Due To Ex-spire
                      Julia Vitullo- Martin , New York Post, January 6, 2008
                      New York's historic houses of worship are under attack, with a dozen slated to be demolished this year.
                      While neighborhoods battle the trend, which has its roots in soaring maintenance costs and declining
                      church attendance, preservationists say they have no way of knowing that a house of worship is
                      endangered until the scaffolding rises or a public dispute erupts...


                      A Question for Hillary
                      Tarren Bragdon , Wall Street Journal, January 5, 2008
                      Sen. Hillary Clinton is running for president, in part, on a platform that calls for more government
                      health care. So let's ask a question that may hit a little too close to home: Why does New York spend
                      more on Medicaid -- a health-care program for the poor -- than every other state but still have a larger
                      portion of its population walking around without health insurance than states that spend far less? Last
                      year, New York spent $48 billion on Medicaid. That amounts to about $2,100 for every man, woman
                      and child. Yet 13.5% of the state's population lacks health insurance... Over the past decade, the
                      state has attempted to reduce the number of uninsured residents by expanding eligibility for
                      government-sponsored health care. This approach is not solving the uninsured problem...


                      A second chance for former inmates
                      Stephen Goldsmith and William B. Eimicke , San Diego Union Tribune, January 4, 2008
                      Approximately 750,000 prisoners gained their freedom in 2007. This staggering number reflects a
                      fourfold increase, since 1980, in the number of people incarcerated, and a twelvefold increase, in
                      almost that period of time, in the number of drug-related convictions, due to more vigorous
                      enforcement and the adoption of severe drug laws and strict sentencing. With the U.S. Sentencing
                      Commission's recent loosening of its guidelines, an additional 20,000 offenders convicted of selling or
                      possessing small amounts of cocaine are likely to be released in 2008...

                   BOOK REVIEWS


                      Intellectual's Survival Guide
                     Nicole Gelinas, City Journal Online, January 4, 2008
                     (Review of Worst-Case Scenarios, by Cass R. Sunstein)
                     Cass Sunstein's intensely complex Worst-Case Scenarios explores how we should assess the risks of
                     disasters, from abrupt global warming to nuclear attack, and craft our response to the risks. Sunstein
                     doesn't clearly answer whether it's worth, say, launching a full-scale invasion of Pakistan to prevent its
                     nukes from falling into terrorists' hands, or spending $50 billion to restore barrier islands and protect
                     the southern coastline of the U.S. from tremendous hurricanes, Rather, his book is a useful warning to
                     be wary of those who seem to have all the answers--because such answers, even when considered




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                            P RA_GSP01 _0009491
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                   Page 3 of 4



                      within the most elegant theoretical frameworks, only raise more questions...

                  WEB MAGAZINES


                     PointofLaw.com
                     Delaware panel to probe surge in asbestos filings
                     Posted by Walter Olson
                     Judge James T. Vaughn Jr. of Delaware Superior Court, described as the state's top judge, has
                     appointed a panel to Investigate business complaints of a flood of out-of-state asbestos claims into the
                     state of Delaware. "James A. Wolfe, the state Chamber's president and chief executive officer, noted
                     that there were 62 cases -- nearly all alleging exposure in Delaware -- on the court's docket in 2004.
                     But between May 2005 and Sept. 30 of this year, 577 more cases were filed -- 445 by nonresidents
                     who largely allege they were exposed to asbestos in another state".. .


                     MindingTheCampus.com
                     Northwestern Makes The Cold War Disappear
                     Herbert London, January 7, 2008
                     In order to fulfill the requirements for a major in history at Northwestern University, my daughter took
                     a course called "The Cold War At Home." As one might Imagine in the hothouse of the college system,
                     left wing views predominate. The students read Ellen Shrecker, not Ronald Radosh. Joseph McCarthy
                     has been transmogrified into Adolf Hitler. And victimology stands as the overarching theme of the
                      course...


                     City Journal
                     Time on Putin's Side, Andre Glucksman , January 4, 2008
                     Time knows that many will find its choice of Vladimir Putin for Man of the Year shocking--but any
                     publicity is good publicity! The magazine presents a peremptory defense: the Man of the Year "is not a
                     boy scout," he is not a democrat, but he numbers among the very powerful, those who shape the
                      world's destiny "for better or for worse".. .


                     Medical Progress TodaY com
                     Marketing = Bad?
                     Posted by Paul Howard
                     There is a line of argument in some policy circles -- and amongst quite a few public health advocates --
                     that the pharmaceutical industry spends too much time and money promoting "me too" drugs that
                     aren't any better than cheap generic alternatives... This dubious claim, which has been around for a
                     very long time, got another plug this week when Canadian researchers published a study claiming that
                     the industry spends nearly double on marketing drugs as it does on researching new medicines...


                   Sincerely,
                   William G. Zeiser       Samara M. Kiar          Bridget E. Sweeney
                   Press Officer           Press Officer           Press Officer


                                  Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                  communications(ctmanhattan-institute.org, 212.599.7000

                                            Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                        Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                           Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe " in the subject line.




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSPO1_0009492
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            I
                Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                      Page 4 of 4




                10/29/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0009493
