Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



                     Unknown

                     From:    Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICHJ
                     Sent:    Monday, January 07, 2008 3:52 PM
                     To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                     Subject: Nikiski beach access

                Governor, Mike
                FYI
               We are getting numerous calls from the Nikiski area regarding the closing off of beach access
               in the vicinity of Boulder Point. There is a privately owned dock (Nikisk[ Offshore systems
               dock) a small port facility that the US Coast Guard has recently imposed a set of security
               restrictions on. This company supplies the off shore drill rigs in Cook Inlet. The company has
               set up a manned security post and beach access that the residents of Nikiski have enjoyed for
               decades is no longer available to them. There has been public out cry and the phones here
               have been ringing off the hook. I initiated a call to Federal Homeland Security folks to see what
               is going on as did our state HLS office and indicated the concern from the residents. This area
               is the only beach access for the locals for recreation, set net sights, boat access for about a 10
               to 15 mile stretch.

               Long story short the feds HLS folks contacted the US Coast Guard to see if they can work
               something out to ease up on the restrictions and still get acceptable security measures in place
               without denying the beach access to residents. That meeting will take place in the next week
               or so but for now it sounds like HLS feels that there may be a workable solution. I will stay on
               it.
               Mike




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009488
