Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From:     Stroman, Ronald A (DOT) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RASTROMANJ
                 Sent:     Monday, January 07, 2008 8:50 AM
                 To:       Mike Holzman
                 Cc:       Richards; Frank T (DOT); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Neuman; Mark A
                           (LAA); Dick LeFebvre; Michael A Cirillo; Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Thompson;
                           Richard B (DNR)
                 Subject: RE: Willow Lake meeting

               Good morning Mr. Holzman

               You are correct we are holding a workshop on Tuesday, the 8th from 6PM to 8PM to work on the Willow Lake use
               plan. And yes, the department has the authority under applicable statute to "take" property as you say under the
               aegis of safety of aviation. While this is an option available to the department (it's available for acquisition of
               lands for roads, utilities, trails, public facilities, etc) the department has looked directly at this scenario and has
               determined that it is not in the best interest of the State to formally establish runways on the lake because to do
               so would require runways being established on all water bodies owned or operated by the State, thus we are not
               going to pursue this option. You asked if the State's "taking" would impact non-lake front owners. Yes, it could.
               Not only is there a transitional surface that affects those immediately on the lake but the approaches (safety
               areas) extend beyond the end of each runway to approximately 1,000 feet with a width of approximately
               500" (250' to either side of runway centerline). This distance could be increased depending on category of
               navigational aid or aircraft. Because the department will not pursue acquisition of private property to support
               runways on the lake, we have not asked our engineers to give us a detailed plat showing what lands could be
               affected.

               I appreciate your suggestion Mike about giving the management authority over the lake back to DNR. As you are
               aware, the State has committed the entire airport holdings under a federal grant Federal Aviation Administration,
               Airport Improvement Program. Under this program, the State signed a "grant assurances" document that requires
               the State to uphold all the provisions of the grant One such provision is that we not take or permit any action
               which would deprive the department of any of the rights and powers necessary to perform any or all of the terms,
               conditions, and assurances in the grant agreement It goes on to say that the department will not transfer or
               dispose of our title or other interest in the property that has been committed under the grant. Further, we are
               party to contracts (leases) with aviation users on the lake that DNR hasn't authority (they don't have authority
               under statute to operate an aviation facility, that right falls under DOT under AS 02 Aeronautics).

               You mentioned that DOT has few choices to maintain safety but many requirements and liabilities. While this is
               true, we are trying to establish a parity and mutual respect between lake users. I believe that there are options
               and alternatives that may not give everyone, whether aviation or recreational, the same freedom of actions as
               once they enjoyed but sufficient freedom of use that everyone will continue to be able to use and enjoy the lake
               but be more cognizant of other categories of use. This is where a lake use plan comes into effect. The
               attainment of success will be dependant on everyone working together and not at cross purposes.

              I've checked with Central Region and was told that the letters were mailed December 31St. The public notices
              were distributed the same day. I've attached a copy of the draft plan. Thanks for taking the time to write me and
              expressing your views. See you at the meeting.

              Ron Stroman
              Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing
              Division of Statewide Aviation
              Ph.     907-334-2695
              Fax     907-269-0489
              Cell    907-240-8695




               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009486
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


               From : Mike Holzman [mailto:mikeholzman@alaska.net]
               Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 12:23 PM
               To: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
               Cc: Richards, Frank T (DOT); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Neuman, Mark A (LAA); Dick
               LeFebvre; Michael A Cirillo; Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Thompson, Richard B (DNR)
               Subject: Willow Lake meeting

               Mr. Stroman
               I understand you are having a meeeting Jan. 8, 2008 ref. Willow Lake. One of the main issues for property
               owners is that you and Mr. Von scheben indicated in letters and E-mails that DOT, STILL maintains authority
               to TAKE property from land owners under SAFETY OF AVIATION . Beings this is the situation . I'm understanding
               that this threat exists on all properties on the Lake. The question will be asked if this threat pertains to any
               properties off the Lake and specifically which ones? Could you please answer this question?
               Mr. Stroman, I still maintain a request that you cease all negotiations for a Lake Plan on Willow Lake. You are
               indicating to property owners that they have many choices and options to this Lake plan. If DOT Authority is
               maintained under SAFETY OF AVIATION as you and Mr Von Scheben have indicated the choices DOT has are
               few, and your REQUIREMENTS and LIABILITIES are many.
               May I suggest, that DOT REVISIT THE POSSIBILITY of Authority of Willow Lake reverting back to DNR UNDER
               GENERAL USE as this type of Authority is much more flexible. It would cure many of the obvious problems. It
               definetely would be less expensive for DOT and property owners. Your leases CAN BE MAINTAINED under
               DNR. Check with them, and the Feds. WE DID.
               You might step back and take a look as to what is in the best interest, and best use of Willow Lake, for the
               Community of Willow, and the State NOW and in the FUTURE. I believe you will see that GENERAL USE is this
               BEST INTEREST of the public
               Thank you for your time, and see you at the meeting.

               Mike R . Holzman
               Aviation; Retired
               (907) 346-3421

               P.S. I didn 't receive notice from DOT for this meeting . Don't you have notice and time requirements to fulfill to
               even have meetings that WILL have impact on the Public? This is exactly, one of the problems on how DOT
               acquired Authority in 1964, the public process is suppose to have TRANSPARENCY.




               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0009487
