Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov. sarah @yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, January 07, 2008 7:39 AM
            To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
            Cc:                      Irwin ; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
            Subject:                 Re: Political Attack Coming


            Yes- and they're meeting with Native Corps to turn them against us also. It's not good.
            But it's also disingenuous. I'd like to find time to sit with those whom I can trust on
            this - you guys (Tom, Marty, Pat), plus Bruce, Kris, Frank and Sharon... so we can
            strategize on this.



            I hear from the worker bees in the field that Industry is on a roll against us - on a
            rampage because they had no idea they wouldn't get their way on all issues.



            We need more bodies in Communications to help on this , too, so Alaskans know the truth
            about the situation and aren ' t tempted to panic due to Industry spin.



            And we don 't win ball games merely playing defense . We must go on the offense too.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>



            Pate: Sun, 06 Jan 2008 23:05:59

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
            <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen
            J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Political Attack Coming




            Governor,



            Both Marty and I have heard rumblings lately of a strategy being developed by the
            producers and their allies to attack the administration, ACES in particular. So far we
            have heard the sketchy outlines of two aspects of the strategy:



            * The producers, led by BP, are planning to attribute budget cuts and project shut-downs
            to ACES.  The difficulty for them is that most of the cut-backs are completions of the
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009527
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            integrity upgrade work started 18 months ago with the Prudhoe Bay problems .   They will
            face a delicate balance in trying to announce the cuts , while also wanting to avoid
            looking like they are not living up to their environmental / system integrity commitments.
            We'll see how they play it. Most likely they will find some on-the - bubble projects to
            "cancel" and then pile on all the system integrity pink slips as additional " costs" of the
            ACES - related project cancelations . The job loss numbers will likely look significant, and
            will cause a lot of public wringing of hands.

            * In a reference to the ACES " standard deduction " that only allows producers to increase
            costs at Prudhoe and Kuparuk by 3t each year , producer - friendly legislators ( i.e. Ralph
            Samuels ) will introduce legislation to limit the state budget to no more than 3% of the
            previous year ' s budget . The purpose seems to be to embarrass those who support ACES, and
            also want to increase the budget .   They are probably counting on the administration
            opposing the idea .   Given your budget announcement ( it increase in agency budgets, 4%
            overall GF increase ), there may be a way to endorse some aspect of the idea. It's sort of
            an odd fit , since we are working on the FY2009 budget this year , and the Standard
            Deduction expires with the 2009 calendar year tax returns.



            Both of these efforts are merely part of a larger strategy to do anything to make the
            administration look bad .  After AGIA and ACES , and particularly with the full rejection of
            the SGDA contract , the producers are seriously ticked .  Those who regularly work with
            the oil industry say that the feelings are extremely strong , and they will look for any
            opportunity to turn the public against us.

            As far as the producer cut-backs are concerned , there is not much we can do about it other
            than express skepticism at their motives (given $100 oil), and point to the investments of
            other oil companies ( a Nikiatchuq announcement this spring would be huge).

            With the legislative actions , I think we can position the administration in a good
            place once we know the details of the proposal .  Our strong, consistent message of
            fiscal conservation and savings will protect us from most of the attacks.

            Hope this heads up helps ... Sorry it ' s not better news.

            - Pat




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0009528
