Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Monday, January 07, 2008 8:06 AM
             To:                      Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Political Attack Coming


             In letters to editor - mike heimbuch's today - would u tell him thanks! Right on! Hit the
             nail on the head!



             we need folks like tara fradley to spend time doing such things too. Statewide letting
             folks know we apprciate their public, bold support.

             Kris- would you ask her to do so and let sharon and beth know of this need so they'll
             assist.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>



            Date: Mon, 7 Jan 2008 16:54:51

            Tp:"SP" <gov.sarah®yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: Political Attack Coming




            Sure would be nice if we could develop a way to offensively address these without making
            us look like we're jumpy. I'll rack my brain a bit this morning.

            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com



            Date: Mon, 7 Jan 2008 16:40:22

            To:"Sharon Leighow" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Fw: Political Attack Coming




            Confidential.



            We're going to need oil and gas communication folks help us get a calm message out when
            these aggressive attacks start. Just fyi!

                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Mon, 7 Jan 2008 16:38:41

            To:"Pat Galvin" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Marty Rutherford" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: Political Attack Coming




            Yes- and they're meeting with Native Corps to turn them against us also. It's not good.
            But it's also disingenuous. I'd like to find time to sit with those whom I can trust on
            this - you guys (Tom, Marty, Pat), plus Bruce, Kris, Frank and Sharon... so we can
            strategize on this.



            I hear from the worker bees in the field that Industry is on a roll against us - on a
            rampage because they had no idea they wouldn't get their way on all issues.



            We need more bodies in communications to help on this, too, so Alaskans know the truth
            about the situation and aren't tempted to panic due to Industry spin.



            And we don't win ball games merely playing defense. We must go on the offense too.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>



           Date : Sun, 06 Jan 2008 23:05:59

           To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Cc:"Irwin , Tom E ( DNR)" <tom . irwin@alaska . gov>,"Rutherford , Marty K (DNR)"
           <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
           <mike . tibbles@alaska . gov>,"Balash, Joseph R ( GOV)" <joe . balash@alaska . gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen
           J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

           Subject : Political Attack Coming




           Governor,
                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0009524
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Both Marty and I have heard rumblings lately of a strategy being developed by the
            producers and their allies to attack the administration, ACES in particular. So far we
            have heard the sketchy outlines of two aspects of the strategy:



            * The producers, led by BP, are planning to attribute budget cuts and project shut-downs
            to ACES.  The difficulty for them is that most of the cut-backs are completions of the
            integrity upgrade work started 18 months ago with the Prudhoe Bay problems. They will
            face a delicate balance in trying to announce the cuts, while also wanting to avoid
            looking like they are not living up to their environmental/system integrity commitments.
            We'll see how they play it. Most likely they will find some on -the-bubble projects to
            "cancel" and then pile on all the system integrity pink slips as additional "costs" of the
            ACES-related project cancelations.  The job loss numbers will likely look significant, and
            will cause a lot of public wringing of hands.

            * In a reference to the ACES "standard deduction" that only allows producers to increase
            costs at Prudhoe and Kuparuk by 3% each year, producer-friendly legislators (i.e. Ralph
            Samuels ) will introduce legislation to limit the state budget to no more than 3% of the
            previous year's budget .  The purpose seems to be to embarrass those who support ACES, and
            also want to increase the budget. They are probably counting on the administration
            opposing the idea .  Given your budget announcement ( 1% increase in agency budgets, 4%
            overall GF increase ), there may be a way to endorse some aspect of the idea .  It's sort of
            an odd fit, since we are working on the FY2009 budget this year, and the Standard
            Deduction expires with the 2009 calendar year tax returns.



            Both of these efforts are merely part of a larger strategy to do anything to make the
            administration look bad.  After AGIA and ACES, and particularly with the full rejection of
            the SGDA contract, the producers are seriously ticked. Those who regularly work with
            the oil industry say that the feelings are extremely strong, and they will look for any
            opportunity to turn the public against us.

            As far as the producer cut-backs are concerned , there is not much we can do about it other
            than express skepticism at their motives (given $100 oil), and point to the investments of
            other oil companies (a Nikiatchuq announcement this spring would be huge).

            With the legislative actions , I think we can position the administration in a good
            place once we know the details of the proposal .  Our strong , consistent message of
            fiscal conservation and savings will protect us from most of the attacks.

            Hope this heads up helps .. . Sorry it's not better news.

            -Pat




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0009525
