Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, January 07, 2008 9:17 AM
             To:                      bigdogg502@aoi.corn
             Subject:                 RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailagov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Sunday, January 06, 2008 5:11 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Military-and-Veterans-Affairs



            Web mail from : Ms. Lisa Webber

            address :   2122 Hunter Mill Rd .   Balto. Co. MD 21161

             410 343-0378




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Sarah,

            re: Helping disabled soldiers to hunt again

            from: Military Mom

            I am a proud mother of a soldier, my only son who is 18, is also my hunting partner of
            many years.  I am a former Md. DNR Ranger /Naturalist, and a lady hunter. My son and I are
            grateful for our ability to walk to and from our hunts, enjoy all the beauty and peace of
            mind we find in the wilderness. We decided to share our abilities and recentlty started a
            program here in Maryland, called " Huntin' Buddy's " for disabled troops. An idea one year
            ago, one that has changed our lives,

            I am the founder and coordinator of this volunteer service we provide to help our troops
            that are so badly injured to hunt again, most of which were hunting prior to deployment.
            We have gone to Army hospitals and met many soldiers, I arrange hunts, transportation,
            lµnch, woodland camo. clothing by donations, and depend on our volunteers to arrive ready
            to help. We have had several deer and goose hunts in 07' with some patients who are
            amputees. We carry them into woodlands and marsh,and lakesides, form groups and sit next
            to the soldiers during our hunts. They love getting outdoors again and feeling safe with
            our groups, I also assist them to handle bows and firearms again with their disabilities
            on target ranges. However, Maryland Game laws are written so that these troops have to
            take Hunter safety and buy a Md. license, which would only be used on a very minimum
            basis. some only once. They are still active duty, patients in a hospital, under therapy
            and rehab. They are from other s
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009516
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            tates , So far , I have taken our troops out in the field with the understanding that they
            cannot hold a weapon during a hunt. ( I find this to be unusual after they just fought for
            our country , and lost limbs in the process .) . Many more civilians , business owners and
            all walks of life have joined " Huntin ' Buddy ' s" to help . How would I get some kind of
            special exception permit made for our disabled soldiers ?

            Can you give me any suggestions as to who do I direct this matter ? We are in the process
            of a web site in near future.

                            Thank You,

                            Lisa Webber

            this is my son's E-mail address ,   subject "Forestghost" is me.



            bigdogg502@aol.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0009517
