Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, January 07, 2008 8:40 AM
            To:                      wowmom303@aol.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other

            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, January 05, 2008 9:55 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Mare Chambers

            address: PO Box 868 Kenai AK 99611

             907 776 5365




            MESSAGE:

            I believe that everyone needs to know when they are doing a good job. I don't believe the
            Governor should be any different and although I am one little voice out here, I personally
            wanted to congratulate you on you first year. I can honestly say that I cannot remember
            when I have felt so genuinely confident and proud of someone I voted for. I can't wait
            for the day you are in Kenai and perhaps stop at the Job Service Center. With your
            permission of course, I would very much love to give you a hug. Bet you get lots of hugs
            don't you? Well, very much deserved. I hope you are governor forever.



            wowmom303@aol.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009522
