Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, January 07, 2008 7:55 AM
            To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
            Cc:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
            Subject:                 Re: Political Attack Coming


            Follow up: Frank and Kris are grass-roots. They're in touch with many Alaskans who want to
            help us. They have a good sense of public sentiment, and they agree with me that we need
            to start really connecting with Alaskans on the coming industry attacks - my trusted folks
            like Frank and Kris can help. They know we can't preach to the choir, internally
            discussing this, but needing to go on the offense and not let industry spin, rhetoric, or
            ANY hints of untruths go unchecked.

            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Mon, 7 Jan 2008 16:38:41

            To:"Pat Galvin" <patrick.galv.in®alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Marty Rutherford" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: Political Attack Coming




            Yes- and they're meeting with Native Corps to turn them against us also. It's not good.
            But it's also disingenuous. I'd like to find time to sit with those whom I can trust on
            this - you guys (Tom, Marty, Pat), plus Bruce, Kris, Frank and Sharon... so we-can
            strategize on this.



            I hear from the worker bees in the field that industry is on a roll against us - on a
            rampage because they had no idea they wouldn't get their way on all issues.



           We need more bodies in Communications to help on this, too, so Alaskans know the truth
           about the situation and aren't tempted to panic due to Industry spin.



           And we don't win ball games merely playing defense. We must go on the offense too.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvincalaska.gov>


                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0009529
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Date : Sun, 06 Jan 2008 23:05:59

            To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Irwin, Tom E ( DNR)" <tom .irwin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
            <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen
            J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Political Attack Coming




            Governor,



            Both Marty and I have heard rumblings lately of a strategy being developed by the
            producers and their allies to attack the administration, ACES in particular. So far we
            have heard the sketchy outlines of two aspects of the strategy:



            * The producers, led by BP, are planning to attribute budget cuts and project shut-downs
            to ACES.   The difficulty for them is that most of the cut-backs are completions of the
            integrity upgrade work started 18 months ago with the Prudhoe Bay problems. They will
            face a delicate balance in trying to announce the cuts, while also wanting to avoid
            looking like they are not living up to their environmental/system integrity commitments.
            We'll see how they play it. Most likely they will find some on-the-bubble projects to
            "cancel " and then pile on all the system integrity pink slips as additional "costs" of the
            ACES-related project cancelations.   The job loss numbers will likely look significant, and
            will cause a lot of public wringing of hands.

            * In a reference to the ACES " standard deduction " that only allows producers to increase
            costs at Prudhoe and Kuparuk by 3% each year, producer-friendly. legislators (i.e. Ralph
            Samuels) will introduce legislation to limit the state budget to no more than 3% of the
            previous year ' s budget . The purpose seems to be to embarrass those who support ACES, and
            also want to increase the budget.    They are probably counting on the administration
            opposing the idea .   Given your budget announcement ( 1t increase in agency budgets, 4%
            overall GF increase ), there may be a way to endorse some aspect of the idea .   It's sort of
            an odd fit, since we are working on the FY2009 budget this year, and the Standard
            Deduction expires with the 2009 calendar year tax returns.



            Both of these efforts are merely part of a larger strategy to do anything to make the
            administration look bad . After AGIA and ACES , and particularly with the full rejection of
            the SGDA contract, the producers are seriously ticked. Those who regularly work with
            the oil industry say that the feelings are extremely strong, and they will look for any
            opportunity to turn the public against us.

            As far as the producer cut-backs are concerned , there is not much we can do about it other
            than express skepticism at their motives ( given $100 oil), and point to the investments of
            other oil companies ( a Nikiatchuq announcement this spring would be huge).

           With the legislative actions , I think we can position the administration in a good
           place once we know the details of the proposal .  Our strong , consistent message of
           fiscal conservation and savings will protect us from most of the attacks.

           Hope this heads up helps ...Sorry it' s not better news.

            -Pat


                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0009530
