Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, January 08, 2008 3:12 PM
           To:                      danik@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need , suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 11:08 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Danette Kebschull

           address : 35221 Rockwood Drive Soldotna AK 99669

            907-262-6311



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,

           I have written to you before about appearing on KSRM radio's talk show "Sound Off." The
           reason I am writing this time is because just this very minute Pat Hawkins on Sound off
           informed a caller, and by virtue everyone else listening, that you have a standing
           invitation to appear on "Sound Off" and have declined and chosen not to appear. He then
           wondered aloud why it was that a governor who took our area "by storm" would choose not to
           appear and speak with the people after winning election.



          I implore you to please call him up and just schedule an appearance. I can't stand the way
          he keeps talking about how you refuse and decline when in actuality I think it is because
          he has not phoned you or emailed you and specifically invited you to appear. I think it
          would not serve him if he did that, you would most probably agree to come on the program.
          it is much easier for him to say you refuse... so please, Governor Palin, please call him
          during the hours of 9 am - 11 am and just tell him you would like to answer any questions
          the people may have...



          Thank you in advance.

          Danette Kebschull

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009561
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           danik@gci.net
