      Unknown

      From :       Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
      Sent :       Tuesday, April 15, 2008 12:58 PM
      To:          Mason; Janice L (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; ExternalEmailgsp
      Subject: RE: Press Conference Info
  Hopefully you also have a printed copy at the hotel. Christie w/RGA was going to have one available for
  you upon your arrival.

      Kris Perry, Director
      Office of Governor Sarah Palin &
      Office of International Trade
      907.269.7450 (p)
      907.269.7463 (f)



  From : Mason, Janice L (GOV)
  Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 12:41 PM
  To: fek9wnr@yahoo.com; ExternalEmailgsp
  Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
  Subject : FW: Press Conference Info


      Please see attached RGA Press Conference talking points that just came
      in from RGA for your information. I have pasted into the email in case
        you are unable to open the attachment. This press conference is from
         1:00 - 1:15 p.m. on Thursday, 04.17.08. Perry is giving remarks and
       then there is Q&A Time. This is listed in your binder. Thanks, Janice

                                Talking Points for RGA Press Conference
  On Tuesday, Senator McCain released his economic plan. His focus on policy at a critical time
  for our nation's economy stands in sharp contrast to the political games being played by the
  Democrats. While Obama complains about bitter voters in Pennsylvania, Senator McCain is
  proposing a summer gas tax holiday, middle class tax cuts, a simpler tax code, and the
  elimination of pork barrel spending. As Clinton exaggerates her experience, Senator McCain is
  offering straight talk on the economy and is working to lower trade barriers, tackle entitlements,
  and encourage growth and innovation.

  Topline Messaging Points:

           On Tuesday , John McCain proposed a comprehensive plan for getting the economy back on
          track while implementing the reforms that will maintain America 's economic strength for the
          21st century . John McCain outlined his vision for growing the economy and contrasted that vision
          with Senators Obama's and Clinton's plans to raise taxes, continue wasteful spending and isolate the
          United States from the global economy..

  .        John McCain will act quickly and decisively to meet today 's economic challenges.

          John McCain believes we must act now to grow our economy both in the near -term and the
          long-term.


                                                                                                ROSTON 01977
  10/15/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
          John McCain is prepared to lead our economy . With years of experience working on economic issues, he
           knows what we must do now to grow our economy today.

      A Near-Term Agenda For Economic Growth:

          HIGHER LIVING COSTS: John McCain will enact a summer gas tax holiday , stop filing the Strategic
           Petroleum Reserve to reduce demand , and end policies that contribute to higher living costs.

           HOUSING CRISIS : John McCain has proposed a new " HOME Plan " to provide robust, timely and
           targeted help to those hurt by the housing crisis . He has also called for a Justice Department task force
           to investigate wrongdoing in the mortgage industry.

          STUDENT LOANS: John McCain is proposing a student loan continuity plan that will coordinate
           policies with the states to keep the credit crunch from hurting college students.

      A Long -Term Agenda For Economic Growth:

          MIDDLE CLASS TAX CUTS: John McCain will cut taxes on middle class families . He will permanently
          repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) saving a middle class family with children an average of over
          $2,700. He will also double the personal exemption for dependents.

          PRO-GROWTH TAX POLICY: John McCain will keep taxes low by fighting efforts to raise taxes and
          making it harder to raise taxes . He will keep the current rates on dividends and capital gains while
          permitting businesses to immediately deduct the cost of equipment and technology.

         CORPORATE TAX CUT: John McCain will reduce the federal corporate tax rate to 25 percent from 35
          percent. By reducing the corporate tax rate, we will get rid of a drag on economic growth and job creation,
          and help American workers compete with any company in the world.

          INNOVATION TAX CUTS: John McCain will ban Internet taxes and new cell phone taxes, and
          establish a permanent tax credit equal to 10 percent of wages spent on research and development.

          SIMPLER TAXES: John McCain proposes an alternative new and simpler tax system . When this
          reform is enacted, all who wish to stay under the current system could still do so, but everyone else could
          choose a vastly less complicated system with two tax rates and a generous standard deduction.

          ELIMINATING WASTEFUL SPENDING : John McCain will stop earmarks , pork-barrel spending and
          waste . He proposes a one-year spending pause so as to evaluate all spending programs. He will veto any
          pork-barrel project that crosses his desk.

         ENTITLEMENTS: John McCain will reform Social Security , act to control Medicare growth and
          believes we should not subsidize prescription drugs for America 's most affluent individuals.

         TRADE: John McCain will lower trade barriers to ensure that foreign markets are open to American
          goods.

         UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE : John McCain will implement badly needed reforms to the
          Unemployment Insurance system by creating Lost Earning Buffer Accounts ( LEBs ) to help workers
          when they lose a job.

          HEALTH CARE REFORM : John McCain has proposed comprehensive health care reform that will
          address rising costs and make the system more responsive to the needs of American families.

         ENERGY : As President, John McCain will propose a real national strategy for energy security.

  Contrast With Democrats:

          The American people have a clear choice in this election . While John McCain supports pro-growth tax
          cuts, both Senators Obama and Clinton support a massive tax increase on the American people that will hurt


                                                                                                    BOSTON 01978
  10/15/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Americans of every background - seniors , parents , small business owners and investors of every size.

     Senators Obama and Clinton have championed a long list of pork -barrel projects . That kind of careless
      spending of tax dollars is not change, but business as usual in Washington.


  Senators Obama and Clinton preach the false virtues of economic isolationism . Opening new markets for
  American goods and services is indispensable to our future prosperity.




  From : Christie Mueller [mailto:cmueller@RGA.ORG]
  Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 8:59 AM
  To: Christie Mueller
  Subject : FW: Press Conference Info


  Please add this to the Governor's briefing or e-mail it to the staffer that is traveling with the Governor to the press
  conference on Thursday. These are new talking points regarding Senator McCain' s latest major economic
  proposal that he made public today.

  Thank you for your help. Please let me know if you are not able to get this to the appropriate person and I will be
  sure to hand deliver a copy.

  Thanks,

  Christie


  From: Chris Schrimpf
  Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 12:50 PM
  To: Christie Mueller
  Subject: Press Conference Info

  Can you send this to the Governors; contacts that are coming to the press conference and ask them to add it to
  the briefing? Senator McCain gave his major economic proposal today and the press conference we're having
  will be about the presidential race and the economy. The attached give info about McCain's economic plan.

  Chris Schrimpf
  Communications Director
  Republican Governors Association
  1747 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
  Washington, DC 20006
  (o) 202-662-4156 (c) 202-367-8385




                                                                                                 ROSTON 01979
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
