Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, January 08, 2008 2:37 PM
            To:                      dreum@fc.yupiit.org
            Subject:                 RE: Education


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 2:22 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Education



            Web mail from: Daniel Reum

            address: Box133 Whitehall MT 59759

             406-498-6446




            MESSAGE:




            Hello, Governor Palin



           I am Dan Reum former principal of Akiak, Ak. When they built our schools for Yupiit
           School District by the time they finished there was not enough money for playground
           equipment.  My last year in Akiak which was 2007 we not only made AYP for the first time
           ever we were successful in acquiring two small diabetes grants to begin building the
           playground.  We were also able to get community and school students involvement through
           labor.  I have pictures available of the project as completed so far.



           We both know the need to keep all children active especially in the villages because of
           the high rate of diabetes and alcohol that flows into them.



           Why am I still interested becasue I made a promise to myself to help secure funding to
           finish this playground for the students of Akiak. Again, the community, school personnel
           and students will do their part in completing this project.



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009568
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            By my estimation we need $20 ,000 to finish this project. If you know of any state funds
            available or grants I might apply for please advise me as to where to write.



            I really enjoyed my tenure in Alaska and appreciate all you have done for education.



            Thank you for your time.



            pan Reum /former principal of Akiak



            dreum@fc .yupiit.org




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0009569
