Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

                From :   KENNETH D MAYNARD [mymam@gci.net]
                Sent:    Tuesday, January 08, 2008 8:33 AM
                To:      Linda Holzman
                Cc:      Stroman; Ronald A (DOT); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Richards; Frank T (DOT); Palin; Sarah H (GOV);
                         Neuman; Mark A (LAA); Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Sullivan-Leonard; Colleen (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Meeting
               I cetainly did not receive a letter and neither did my son. Seems odd to see the people you did
               not bother to inform, Ron. I agree with Linda. Last time I read the statute a 30-day notice was
               required. Myrna Maynard

               ----- Original Message -----
               From : Linda Holzman <lindalu@alaska.net>
               Date : Tuesday, January 8, 2008 8:08 am
               Subject: Re: Meeting
               To: "Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)" <ron.stroman@alaska.gov>
               Cc: "Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)" <leo.vonscheben@alaska .gov>, "Richards , Frank T (DOT)"
               <frank.richards@alaska .gov>, "Palin, Sarah H (GOV)" <sarah .palin@alaska.gov>, "Neuman,
               Mark A (LAA)" < representative_mark_neuman@legis .state.ak.us>, "Huggins, Charlie (LAA)"
               <senator_charlie_huggins@legis.state .ak.us> , colleen sullivan leonard
               <colleen.sullivan.leonard @alaska.gov>

               > Hi Ron,
               > No, I did not receive notice of the meeting, no one I have spoke
               > to has received their notice. I really do believe you need to
               > Give us 30 days notice for these meetings as per AS 44.62.190. It
               > appears to many of us that DOT is trying to have SCERET MEETINGS,
               > with only the chosen fFEW. I request that you cancel this meeting
               > and reschedule with the proper notice.
               > Thanks, Linda
               > ----- Original Message -----
               > From: Stroman, Ronald A (DOT)
               > To: Linda Holzman
               > Sent: Monday, January 07, 2008 11:39 AM
               > Subject: Meeting


               > Good morning Linda.



               > Did you receive the notice of meeting letter?



               > Ron Stroman

               > Chief, Statewide Aviation Leasing




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0009588
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


               > Division of Statewide Aviation

               > Ph.    907-334-2695

               > Fax 907-269-0489

               > Cell 907-240-8695




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1 _0009589
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                             Page 1 of 5


                Unknown

                From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Wednesday, January 09, 2008 9:24 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : Jan. 8-14, 2008



               From: Waste Business Journal [mailto : info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
               Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 11:06 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Jan. 8-14, 2008

                                       If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                        Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jan, 8 -14, 2008


                HEADLINES...
                1. Electronics Companies Form Recycling Joint Venture
                2. Supreme Court Declines Review of Superfund Ruling against
                   Canadian Mining Giant
                3. Court Orders Former Waste Management Exec to Pay $4M for
                   Securities Fraud
                4. Casella Expands Management Echelons
                5. Landfill Developers Seeking $ 25 Million from North Carolina
                6. Covanta Delaware Valley Facility Gets to Increase Daily
                   Volume
                7. Newalta Announces $ 135 Million Capital Expenditures for
                   2008
               8. Fortistar Completes Purchase of 6 Landfill Gas to Energy
                   Projects
               9. Ze-gen Plant Visited by Ghost of Election Past
               10. AERC Announces Acquisition of Secure Data Destruction and
                   Disposal Operations
               11. Mark Your Calendar


                The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                provides research and analysis of the waste Industry. To learn more,
                please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 Signup and Unsubscrlbe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
               1 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your coilea ues .  T_-_


                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market...
               Market radius reports capture all waste
               operations within a given market. They
               provide analysis of the major players by
               market share, and show historical trends
               of pricing, volume and capacity specific




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                         P RA_G S P01 _0009590
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 5



                to that area. [ Learn More...


                1.   ELECTRONICS COMPANIES FORM RECYCLING JOINT VENTURE
                     Consumer electronic giants Panasonic, Sharp and Toshiba have formed a
                     US-based collection and recycling venture called Electronic
                     Manufacturers Recycling Management Company, LLC (MRM ). The new
                     firm will also serve other electronics manufactures and will roll out in
                     Connecticut, North Carolina, Oregon , Texas and Washington late this
                     year with plans to do likewise in other states as it expands its national
                     presence . " Forming an Independent company to manage collective
                     electronic recycling programs is the best way to achieve economies of
                     scale and efficiencies necessary to create a sustainable recycling system
                     for used electronics ," said David Thompson , the company's
                     president...Read More u

                                                                1
                2.   SUPREME COURT DECLINES REVIEW OF SUPERFUND RULING
                     AGAINST CANADIAN MINING GIANT
                     In a closely watched case, the US Supreme Court declined to intervene
                     in a case involving Canadian mining giant Teck Cominco which has been
                     held subject to U.S. Superfund law for polluting the Columbia River in
                     the Pacific Northwest. Last year, a federal appeals court ruled that the
                     company, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, would have to pay a
                     share of an estimated $1 billion to clean up Lake Roosevelt, a 150-mile
                     stretch of the upper Columbia River behind the Grand Coulee Dam. The
                     U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has charged that for nearly 90
                     years, the company's lead and zinc smelter complex 10 miles north of
                     the US border leached heavy metals and slag into the river. Teck
                     Cominco asked the justices to overturn the appeals court ruling, arguing
                     that US Superfund law does not apply to a Canadian company
                     discharging hazardous waste unless It had "arranged" for the
                     contamination to end up in the United States... Read More


                3.   COURT ORDERS FORMER WASTE MANAGEMENT EXEC TO PAY
                     $4M FOR SECURITIES FRAUD
                     A federal district court judge ordered former Waste Management Inc.
                     chief financial officer James E. Koenig to pay $4 million after a jury found
                     that he committed 60 securities laws violations over a five-year period.
                     The final judgment, entered on Dec. 21, requires Koenig to pay more
                     than $4 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest and civil penalties
                     and permanently bars him from acting as an officer or director of a
                     public company. The Securities and Exchange Commission alleged in its
                     complaint that from 1992 to 1997, Koenig and others engaged in a
                     "systematic scheme to falsify and misrepresent Waste Management's
                     financial results with profits being overstated by $1.7 billion." Part of
                     that scheme involved overstating the expected life of landfills and other
                     assets so that current amortization and replacement costs would appear
                     much lower. The jury found Koenig liable for securities fraud, falsifying
                     company books and records, lying to auditors and aiding and abettingthe
                     company's violations... Read More *


               4.    CASELLA EXPANDS MANAGEMENT ECHELONS
                     Casella Waste Systems announced an expansion of its management
                     ranks with the appointment of Jim Bohlig as president of the company's
                     renewables group and Paul Larkin joining the company as president and
                     chief operating officer. With Bohlig's appointment, Chairman and chief
                     executive officer John Casella is putting more focus on day-to-day
                     performance and results. Bohlig will also lead company efforts to expand
                     into new businesses and expand existing opportunities, technologies,
                     and relationships. Larkin, who hails from Office Depot where he held




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0009591
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 5


                     various operating positions, and most recently served as vice president
                     for international strategy, will be responsible for leading all integrated
                     operating divisions and functions within Casella... Read More >'


                5.   LANDFILL DEVELOPERS SEEKING $25 MILLION FROM NORTH
                     CAROLINA
                     Four waste management firms seeking to build landfills in North Carolina
                     have asked for nearly $25 million in compensation for the state's
                     decision last year to bar landfills in certain areas. As a caveat of the
                     more stringent regulations, lawmakers allowed companies with pending
                     landfill applications to recoup costs for affected projects. Waste
                     Industries USA Is seeking $13.6 million related to costs of developing its
                     1,000 acre Black bear landfill in Camden County. Waste Management
                     and Riegel Ridge Partners filed separate requests totaling $8.6 million for
                     a proposed landfill project in Columbus County. Alligator River Recycling
                     is seeking $2.4 million to recoup expenses related to a its proposed
                     construction debris landfill in Hyde County. Since August of 2006, North
                     Carolina's legislature imposed a moratorium on any new landfill projects
                     several of which were in process, especially in the eastern parts of the
                     state. The fear which continues with the resent extension of the
                     moratorium as well as more stringent siting restrictions stems from
                     concern that the state might become a large importer of waste,
                     particularly from the Northeast... Read More D


                                ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                Directory & Atlas of Non - Hazardous Waste Sites
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and
                comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                [Learn More...]


                6.   COVANTA DELAWARE VALLEY FACILITY GETS TO INCREASE
                     DAILY VOLUME
                     Covanta Holding Corp. said that the Pennsylvania DEP approved a permit
                     modification that allows the company's Delaware Valley waste-to-energy
                     project to Increase its daily receipt of solid waste and extend its
                     operating hours. Under the approved changes, the Chester-based facility
                     will Increase Its maximum daily volume of waste from 5,250 to 5,700
                     tons, but not increase in its maximum weekly volume.. . Read More 


                7.   NEWALTA ANNOUNCES $ 135 MILLION CAPITAL
                     EXPENDITURES FOR 2008
                     Canadian industrial waste management and environmental services
                     provider Newalta Income Fund announced its $135 million capital
                     expenditure plan for 2008 . The company plans to spend about $25
                     million In maintenance capital expenditures , and $110 million on
                     numerous internal growth projects across the country . "In 2008, we will
                     continue to capitalize on opportunities to expand services, add
                     processes ... to Improve productivity [and] pursue acquisitions to enter
                     new markets," said Al Cadotte , Newalta 's President and CEO ... Read
                     More a




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0009592
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 4 of 5


                8.   FORTISTAR COMPLETES PURCHASE OF 6 LANDFILL GAS TO
                     ENERGY PROJECTS
                     Fortistar LLC, an energy company based in White Plains , closed on its
                     acquisition of Algonquin Power Income Fund 's six landfill gas -to-energy
                     projects in California and New Hampshire . The $11. 3 million deal closed
                     Dec. 21 . The projects expand Fortistar 's presence in states that
                     aggressively support expansion of green and renewable energy ... Read
                     More M


                9.   ZE-GEN PLANT VISITED BY GHOST OF ELECTION PAST
                     Bedford , MA-based waste -to-gas-to-energy company Ze-gen got a visit
                     from former presidential hopeful Senator John Kerry. Last July, Ze-gen
                     opened Its pilot plant in Bedford , MA to convert waste into synthetic
                     natural gas . The plant can accept municipal waste , construction material
                     and scrap tires . The visit from Senator Kerry is seen as an endorsement
                     and show of Massachusetts ' commitment to fostering the growth of
                     renewable energy generation ... Read More H


                10. AERC ANNOUNCES ACQUISITION OF SECURE DATA
                    DESTRUCTION AND DISPOSAL OPERATIONS
                     Recycling and secure document destruction company AERC Recycling
                     Solutions announced Its acquisition of DynTek, Inc.'s Secure Data
                     Destruction and Disposal System ( SDDS ) operations, contracts and
                     management software . According to AERC's CEO Peter) Jegou, the
                     acquisition represents " a logical step In our growth that calls for
                     expanding our footprint, strategic acquisitions , business combinations,
                     and joint ventures ,".. Read More u


                11. MARK YOUR CALENDAR
                            March 4 - 5, 2008 - The 8th Massachusetts Organics
                            Recycling Summit is a professional conference and vendor
                            exhibit, focused on food waste composting and diversion
                            efforts In Massachusetts . Last year's Summit attracted over
                            225 professionals from 14 states , and continues to grow.
                             s    October 16- 17, 2008 - The Waste-to-Energy Research and
                                 Technology Council (WTERT) annual meeting at the Earth
                                 Engineering Center of Columbia University . The two-day
                                 meeting features invited speakers presenting on some of
                                 the foremost technologies and developments in the world;
                                 plus an update on the research efforts of WTERT and the
                                 Earth Engineering Center to advance the goals of
                                 sustainable waste management worldwide ... Read More))


                Waste Market Overview &              Ste of the Waste Management Industry
                                                     Historical and Projected
                Outlook                              on#Xb sdS)
               The Waste Market Overview
               examines the industry top to
               bottom covering waste
               generation, collection,
               processing , recovery and
               disposal by revenue and
               volume. The report details the
               relationship of past and future
               pricing to capacity and demand
               for disposal , and shows the
               increasing role of the private
               sector. Waste equipment and
               the emerging importance of e-
               waste, C&D recovery, food wastes , tires and medical wastes are examined.



               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0009593
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 5 of 5



                  Market Revenues by Segment
                  Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                  Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                  Geographic Distribution of the Market
                  Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                  Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                  Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                  Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190
                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                  UNSUBSCRIBE
                  This email was sent to offlce_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjournai.com
                  Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscribei " I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson @ wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0009594
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                                      i
               Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:       Tuesday, January 08, 2008 8:42 AM
                To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




               From: Manhattan Institute (mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
               Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 6:15 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject : Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                                   January 8,




                        Join Young Leaders Today
                        On Wednesday, January 9, the Young Leaders Circle will host Shelby Steele , a Senior Fellow at the
                        Hoover Institution, to discuss the complex role race plays in politics today . Individuals in their 20s and
                        30s who are interested in market-oriented policies can click here to find out more about joining the
                        Young Leaders Circle.

                  EMPIRE CENTER ON NEW YORK STATE PROPERTY TAXES


                        Governor Spitzer is reportedly ready to propose a cap on property taxes in his 2008 State of
                        the State speech . The New York Times City Room Slog notes that the Manhattan Institute
                        makes the case for such a cap here.


                        TELEVISION:
                        E.J. McMahon on NY 1
                      E.J. McMahon , Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire Center for New York State
                      Policy, commented on the possibility of a property tax cap on NY 1 news. The interview will air
                      throughout the day on NY 1 . Click here to view the story.


                      RADIO:
                      E.J. McMahon on WCBS Radio
                      Today, January 8, 2008 , E.J. McMahon , Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire
                      Center for New York State Policy commented on the possibility of a property tax cap on WCBS Radio.
                      The interview will air throughout the day on WCBS . Click here to listen to the clip.




               10/29/2009
                                                                                                                                                  I

                                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0009595
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                              Page 2 of 3



                      How Social Entrepreneurs Are Changing America and the World
                      Audio is now available for Howard Husock's presentation at the 2007 Annual Meeting of the
                      Philanthropy Roundtable. Husock, Vice President of Policy Research at the Manhattan Institute,
                      discusses different perspectives on social entrepreneurship with founder and CEO of Ashoka, Bill
                      Drayton. To listen to the discussion, click here.

                  TELEVISION


                     Retina Herzlinger on CNN Headline News' " Glenn Beck Program"
                     On Monday, January 7, 2008, Regina Herzlinger, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                     Medical Progress and author, most recently, of Who Killed Health Care?, discussed health care and
                     hospitals with Glenn Beck, airing nationally on CNN. Please click here to watch a clip of this
                     appearance.

                  R A D 1 0


                     Tarren Bragdon on KSTP's "Bob Davis Show"
                     Today, January 8, 2008, at 11:05 AM EST, Tarren Bragdon of the Manhattan Institute's Empire Center
                     for New York State Policy will be on KSTP's "Bob Davis Show". He will discuss his recent Wall Street
                     Journal article, "A Question for Hillary." The show airs from Minneapolis - St. Paul.


                     Tarren Bragdon on Talk Radio Network's "Jerry Doyle Show"
                     On Monday, January 7, 2008, Tarren Bragdon of the Manhattan Institute's Empire Center for New York
                     State Policy was on Talk Radio Network's "Jerry Doyle Show". He discussed his recent Wall Street
                     Journal article, "A Question for Hillary."

                  WEB MAGAZINES


                     PointofLaw.com
                     Woke up one day in St. Clair County, Ill.
                     Posted by Walter Olson
                     Per the Chamber-backed Madison County Record, forty-seven plaintiffs from around the country have
                     been brought to the southern Illinois county to sue drugmaker Sanofi-Aventis over alleged
                     complications of the antibiotic Ketek. Whether or not St. Clair and neighboring Madison County remain
                     the worst of the worst from defendants' point of view, they certainly would still seem to be a target of
                     opportunity for forum-shopping.


                     MindingTheCam pus.com
                     MLA Paper Titles. As If You Could Wait.
                     Posted by Anthony Paletta
                     I know this is almost too easy, but here are several nominees for the best paper titles at this year's
                     MLA Conference ...


                     MedicalProgressToday.com
                     Who'd A Thunk It?
                     Posted by Benjamin Zycher
                    The January issue of Archives of General Psychiatry--we here at MPT labor mightily day and night so
                    that you, dear Reader, do not have to read such stuff--has a nice article reviewing the California data
                    on thimerosal and childhood autism... The article reports an examination of the evidence reported by
                     the California Department of Developmental Services. The removal of thimerosal from childhood




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0009596
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                              Page 3 of 3




                     vaccines was accelerated between 1999 and 2001, and the data report the incidence of diagnosed
                     autism by age and birth cohort from January 1995 through March 31, 2007.. .


                  Sincerely,
                  William G. Zeiser      Samara M. Klar          Bridget E. Sweeney
                  Press Officer          Press Officer           Press Officer

                               Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                              communications(cimanhattan-institute.orci, 212.599.7000

                                          Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                       Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                          Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe" in the subject line.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0009597
