Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Wednesday, January 09, 2008 1:22 PM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Just Announced: IT Infrastructure LOB Workshop




                From: IT Infrastructure LOB Workshop - Feb 13th [mailto:Art@PotomacForum-HolidayParty.org]
                Sent: Wednesday, January 09, 2008 12:35 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Just Announced: IT Infrastructure LOB Workshop

                      Please forward to your Associates : CIO, CTO, CFO, Program Managers, Staff, and all Interested in the
                                                       OMB Lines of Business Initiatives-


                                          Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                                          Line of Business ( LOB) Initiative Workshop-
                                             Understanding the Impact on Your Agency
                               What you Need to Know and How to Position Your Transition for Success

                                                              February 13, 2008

                                               City Club of Washington at Columbia Square
                                                             Washington, D.C.

                        This one-day Workshop will provide participants with the foundation that is needed to
                      transition their agencies to successfully achieve the vision of the Information Technology
                                              Infrastructure (ITI) Line of Business (LOB).

                                         Most agencies will be impacted by the IT] LOB initiative




                        What You Will Learn:

                           > Understand the concept behind OMB's Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                              Lines of Business (LOB) initiative and the current status of the initiative

                           > Know how to assess your organization to determine where your cost or level of
                              service differs from industry best -of-breed IT organizations

                           > Know how to formulate your agencies response to achieve the cost and service level
                              goals of the ITI LOB

                               Understand what steps are required to transition your organization to a best -of-breed
                               organization

                           > Learn tools and tips for ensuring your agency is continually achieving best-of-breed
                               status




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0009599
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



                                                           Registration and Information:
                                                               wwwpotomaeforum.org
                                                                    Call: (703) 683-1613

                                                                        Sponsored by:
                                                                 Potomac Forum. Ltd.
                                              a non-profit educational organization founded In 1982




                                                       This email was sent to : governor@ gov.state. ak. us

                               We hope that you will want to continue receiving information about Potomac Forum , Ltd. training,
                               professional development and other events of interest to the government and industry partners.
                               We safeguard our lists and do not rent , sell, or permit the use of our lists by others , at any time,
                                                                         for any reason.

                               If you wish to be electronically taken off this mail list of training opportunities , please go here or
                                                                  modify your email information.




                                                                             Potomac Forum, Ltd.




                                                        This email was sent by: Potomac Forum, Ltd.
                                                    10137 Colebrook Ave , Potomac , Maryland, 20854 , USA




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0009600
