Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From:      Sarah Patin [gov . sarah@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:      Wednesday , January 09 , 2008 2:44 PM
                  To:        Colberg ; Talis J (LAW) .
                  Subject: Re: former Governor Hickel/law school
                 thank you!

                 ----- Original Message ----
                 From : "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>
                 To: gov.sarah @yahoo.com
                 Sent: Wednesday, January 9, 2008 12:17:37 PM
                 Subject: former Governor Hickel/law school

                 Dear Governor Patin,
                      Randy Rauro and I met with former Governor Hickel, Malcolm Roberts, Wally Hickel III, Mr. Aglieti
                 and Mr. Crom about their plans for The Alaska School of Law. Their concept is different from what I had
                 expected . It is not a result of Mr . Wickersham's interest in a law school. To the contrary, they propose a
                 private law school. Aglieti and his partners (including Mr. Crom) are the prime organizers of a proposal
                 for a law school. They have obtained the Hickel family endorsement because of their proposed three key
                 policy "institutes" which would promote studies of 1) Native law, 2) environmental law and 3 ) the common
                 ownership philosophy of Alaska. They envision a starting student body of 35-50. A starting faculty of 2
                 plus a dean for a total of three people. They say they have unsuccessfully approached the University four
                 years ago and were shot down because the University expected costs in excess of 40 million. They
                 believe that the university is too institutionally biased to support it. Aglieti has talked to Wickersham but
                 not to the point where they are working together.

                    Aglieti claims they are seeking no money, just support or at least no opposition. Their project is
                 premised on the assumption that the supreme court would pass a rule allowing students at a non-
                 accredited law school to take the bar. If we oppose this project they believe it would kill the project.

                      There is some ambiguity about the for profit status of the enterprise. Aglieti said they started as a for
                 profit law school. Then they applied to change it, however, it is not clear from his answer whether it
                 actually is a non-profit at this point.

                     Randy and I are going to read their materials and meet next week to review our opinions on this.
                 Then we will get back to you.

                      If it is truly a concept for which they only seek neutrality or an endorsement then it is quite different
                 from embracing a school that would cost millions. I will report back after I. meet again with Randy.


                     Talis




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0009617
