Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Wednesday, April 16, 2008 12:33 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Book Signing Request


Todd - I thought you maybe know this constituent. They are asking if they can come over and have
the "Sarah" booked signed for their parents. Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 9:00 AM

To: rugrats5@ mtaonline.net

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Monday, April 14, 2008 7:51 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Julia Hamilton

address : 740 Sam Snead Loop Wasilla AK 99654



                                                                                ROSTON 01983




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
MESSAGE:

Hey Sarah,



I know you are so darned busy and am never really sure where to reach you. I thought by going
through here I could get this e-mail to you quicker. I have a request of you, which I am always
emabarrassed to ask anything of you. I know sure a lot of people ask alot of you and I hate to be one
of those people. The only sane reasoning I can offer is that this is really for my parents. I bought
them your book the other day and was wondering WHEN you get some time if I could scoot it over to
you (of course when you are back in town) and have you sign it for them. They would be ecstatic.
Again I apologize for being so forward.



God Bless you and yours Sarah.

Smiles and hugs,

Julia :0-)



rugrats5@mtaonfine.net




                                                  2
                                                                                 ROSTON 01984




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
