Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                    Wednesday, January 09, 2008 10:16 AM
              To:                      reasterbrooks@hotmail.com
              Subject:                 RE: Permanent Fund

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMaiL@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Wednesday, January 09, 2008 8:44 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Permanent-Fund



              Web mail from: Mr. Robert Easterbrooks

              address: 19712 Highland Ridge Dr. Eagle River AK 99577

               907-622-8385




              MESSAGE:

              I think it a disgrace that our state government spends money like a drunken sailor on
              shore leave.  The recent windfall of revenue was quickly allocated according the the
              loudest voices with the teacher's union getting the lion's share. I am thoroughly
              disgusted with our state government who missed opportunities to secure a lasting source of
              revenue for our state in natural gas.

              The citizens of the state should share in the resources that "The People of Alaska" own.
              It is "OURS" and not the states yet the state spends it as if it will never run out.

              I propose three things:



              1.  Privatize the University of Alaska: This will take them off the books for good and
              force them to be more self sufficient. I worked there for two years in Enrollment
              Services and Financial Aid and I can tell you that there is so much waste that it puts
              the state government to shame.



             2.  Create a Permanent Fund for Government. This fund would be funded from oil and gas
             revenue and the state government would be funded from the interest on the corpus. The
             state government would have a permanent source of revenue after the goose that laid the
             egg is finished roasting. The fund would also go on funding the government so the state
             would not have to come to the people and tax them.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009628
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              3.   Increase the royalty paid to the citizens in the permanent fund.



              Respectfully,



              reasterbrooks@hotmail.com




       I




                                                             2
