Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 10, 2008 8:22 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Carl Marrs column response


             I'm submitting a letter. But share what u have with someone else like karen and they could
             submit- the more the better to explain the situation. Your's is an excellent response and
             it should be publicized!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>




             Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2008 20:20:03

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Carl Marrs column response




             I wrote something for you in response to Carl Marrs' piece today. 1Privileaed or Personal Material)
                                                                               Tell me what you thin .
             Sean




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                    1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009673
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                 z




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0009674
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                 3




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0009675
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                           Page 1 of 6


                 Unknown

                 From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:       Friday, January 11, 2008 12:47 PM
                 To:         Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrap-Up



                 From: Manhattan Institute [mailto :tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                 Sent: Friday, January 11, 2008 11:53 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrap-Up




                 Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                               January 11,




                                            The Resilient Society
                                            Rudolph W. Giuliani , Opinion)ournal.com, January 9, 2008
                                            (This article is adapted from the winter 2008 issue of City Journal)
                                            In the first decade of the 21st century, the United States has confronted both the
                                            deadliest attack and one of the most destructive natural disasters in the nation's
                                            history. The term "homeland security" wasn't part of the national debate during th(
                                            2000 election. Now, after September 11 and Hurricane Katrina, every American
                                            understands that homeland security is at the heart of a president's responsibility. .



                         Students Lose When Diversity Is Main Focus
                         Jay P . Greene & Catherine Shock , Investor's Business Daily, January 9, 2008
                         (This article is adapted from the winter 2008 issue of City Journal and appeared on NRO Web Briefing,
                         01-11-08)
                         A good education requires balance. Students should learn to appreciate a variety of cultures, sure, but
                         they also need to know how to add, subtract, multiply and divide. Judging from the courses that the
                         nation' s leading education colleges offer, however, balance isn't a goal. The schools place far more
                         emphasis on the political and social ends of education than on the fundamentals...




                         OP-ED:
                         Eliot's Excellent Idea
                         E.J. McMahon , New York Post, January 10, 2008
                         Gov. Spitzer' s second annual State of the State message yesterday featured what may ultimately stan




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009676
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                         Page 2 of 6



                       out as his Nixon-goes-to-China moment. Annoying a powerful ally - and embracing a concept he had
                       rejected during the 2006 gubernatorial campaign - Spitzer said he would form a special commission to
                       recommend a "fair and effective cap" on school taxes in New York...


                       TELEVISION:
                       E.J. McMahon on NY 1
                       E.J. McMahon, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire Center for New York State
                       Policy, commented on the possibility of a property tax cap on NY 1 news. The interview will air
                       throughout the day on NY 1. Click here to view the story.


                       RADIO:
                       E.J. McMahon on Talk 1300 's "Fred Dicker Show"
                       On Thursday, January 10, 2008, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire Center for
                       New York State Policy E. J. McMahon discussed Governor Spitzer's State of the State address on Talk
                       1300's "Fred Dicker Show."


                       E.J. McMahon on WRVO Radio
                       On Wednesday, January 9, 2008, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire Center
                       for New York State Policy E.J. McMahon discussed Governor Spitzer's State of the State address on
                       WRVO, Central New York's public radio station.


                       E.J. McMahon on WCBS Radio
                       On Tuesday, January 8, 2008, E.J. McMahon , Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the
                       Empire Center for New York State Policy commented on the possibility of a property tax cap on WCBS
                       Radio. Click here to listen to the clip.

                   EVENTS


                       How Social Entrepreneurs Are Changing America and the World
                       Audio is now available for Howard Husock's presentation at the 2007 Annual Meeting of the
                       Philanthropy Roundtable. Husock, Vice President of Policy Research at the Manhattan Institute,
                       discusses different perspectives on social entrepreneurship with founder and CEO of Ashoka, Bill
                       Drayton. To listen to the discussion, click here.

                   ARTICLES


                      Ms. Fix-It
                      Kay Hymowitz , Wall Street Journal, January 11, 2008
                      While Hillary Clinton attempts to storm the Oval Office, some of her less renowned sisters are busy
                      liberating one of the few other remaining male strongholds: the hardware store. Strange as it sounds
                      in a country still steeped in Tim Allen reruns, gals are becoming fix-it guys. And at least in some places
                      tools are replacing brass-studded leather totes as the newest female life-style accessory. The home-
                      improvement industry has always been a no-woman's land known for its drab aisles lined with nail bins
                      and mysterious steel objects whose purpose was understood only by grunting guys in flannel shirts.
                      Now it is going designer pink...


                      Change May Now Be Happening
                      John McWhorter , New York Sun, January 10, 2008
                      As recently as a month ago, "Obamamania " was being eulogized , with Mr. Obama dismissed as a mere
                      symbolic step towards a successful black candidacy in some distant era. But that era may well be now.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009677
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                           Page 3 of 6




                       Immigration is Not Black and White
                       Tamar Jacoby, Dallas Morning News, January 7, 2008
                       (This article originally appeared in the Los Angeles Times, 1-2-2008)
                       You've heard it all a dozen times. That the public is virulently anti-immigrant. That political leaders -
                       including President Bush and the senators from both parties who voted last summer to overhaul the
                       immigration system - are hopelessly out of touch with this angry tide. That millions of people across
                       the country are going to vote on the basis of their fury... The only problem: It isn't so. The situation
                       isn't nearly so black and white...


                       A Simpler Alternative to Congestion Pricing
                       Hope Cohen , Gotham Gazette, January 7, 2008
                       Mayor Michael Bloomberg's proposal for "congestion pricing" - a fee imposed on driving in Manhattan's
                       central business district during prime hours - has made it safe at last to discuss traffic solutions that
                       were previously off limits. Just last week, City Hall announced a crackdown on the official placards that
                       allow tens of thousands of public employees to park free on the street - a topic long avoided by those
                       in charge...


                       NYPD' s historic feat should quiet critics
                      Heather Mac Donald , New York Daily News, January 6, 2008
                      New York City just ended 2007 with the lowest number of murders - below 500 - since 1963, the last
                      year exact comparisons are possible. This homicide drop, from a high of 2,245 in 1990, is unmatched
                      anywhere in the country or in the annals of policing. It is long past time for New Yorkers to
                      acknowledge the debt that they owe to their police force...


                      Ahead of the Curve
                      Julia Vitullo - Martin , New York Post, January 6, 2008
                      Has any other well-known architect ever had to endure as much abuse from haughty critics as Morris
                      Lapidus (1902-2001), designer of such hotels as the Fontainebleau in Miami and the Metropolitan (now
                      Doubletree) in New York?...


                      Due To Ex-spire
                      Julia Vitullo- Martin , New York Post, January 6, 2008
                      New York's historic houses of worship are under attack, with a dozen slated to be demolished this year.
                      While neighborhoods battle the trend, which has its roots in soaring maintenance costs and declining
                      church attendance, preservationists say they have no way of knowing that a house of worship is
                      endangered until the scaffolding rises or a public dispute erupts...


                      A Question for Hillary
                      Tarren Bragdon , Wall Street Journal, January 5, 2008
                      Sen. Hillary Clinton is running for president, in part, on a platform that calls for more government
                      health care. So let's ask a question that may hit a little too close to home: Why does New York spend
                      more on Medicaid -- a health-care program for the poor -- than every other state but still have a larger
                      portion of its population walking around without health insurance than states that spend far less? Last
                      year, New York spent $48 billion on Medicaid. That amounts to about $2,100 for every man, woman
                      and child. Yet 13.5% of the state's population lacks health insurance. . . Over the past decade, the
                      state has attempted to reduce the number of uninsured residents by expanding eligibility for
                      government-sponsored health care. This approach is not solving the uninsured problem...




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0009678
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                           Page 4 of 6




                       A second chance for former inmates
                       Stephen Goldsmith and William B . Eimicke , San Diego Union Tribune, January 4, 2008
                       Approximately 750,000 prisoners gained their freedom in 2007. This staggering number reflects a
                       fourfold increase, since 1980, in the number of people incarcerated, and a twelvefold increase, in
                       almost that period of time, in the number of drug-related convictions, due to more vigorous
                       enforcement and the adoption of severe drug laws and strict sentencing. With the U.S. Sentencing
                       Commission's recent loosening of its guidelines, an additional 20,000 offenders convicted of selling or
                       possessing small amounts of cocaine are likely to be released in 2008...

                    BOOK REVIEWS


                       Architecture' s Rogues' Gallery
                       Roger Kimball , City Journal Online, January 11, 2008
                       (Review of The Architecture Reader: Essential Writings from Vitruvius to the Present, edited by A.
                       Krista Sykes, and Written into the Void: Selected Writings, 1990-2004, by Peter Eisenman)
                       ...Bad books, and the bad ideas they express, are also an important factor in the cultural realm. They
                       shape the way we think about the world and our place in it, informing our feelings, tastes, manners,
                       and morals. By failing to criticize what is bad in bad books, we collude in the propagation of the bad
                       things that they advocate...

                    TELEVISION


                       Larry Mone on CUNY TV's "Ci ide"
                       On Saturday January 12 at 8PM , and Sunday , January 13 at 10AM , the President of the Manhattan
                       Institute , Larry Mone , will be on CUNY N' s "Citywide ." He will discuss the mission of the Manhattan
                       Institute , key policy programs , and its impact on shaping public policy . This show aired on Wednesday,
                       January 9th in NYC and is available online.


                       R.P. Eddy on Fox News Channel ' s "America' s Newsroom"
                       On Thursday , January 10, 2008, Manhattan Institute senior fellow R.P. Eddy , executive director of the
                       Center for Policing Terrorism, was on Fox News Channel 's "America's Newsroom ." He discussed the use
                       of sensors to detect biological attacks in New York.


                       Regina Herzlinger on CNN Headline News' " Glenn Beck Program"
                       On Monday, January 7, 2008, Regina Herzlinger, Senior Fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                       Medical Progress and author, most recently, of Who Killed Health Care?, discussed health care and
                       hospitals with Glenn Beck, airing nationally on CNN. Please click here to watch a clip of this
                       appearance.

                    RADIO


                       Jim Copland on the Small Business Network' s "Small Business Advocate with Jim
                       Blasingame Program"
                       On Monday, January 14, 2008, Jim Copland, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and director of
                       the Center for Legal Policy, will discuss a recent Hurricane Katrina insurance claim for $3 quadrillion
                       and the state of legal reform on the Small Business Network's "Small Business Advocate with Jim
                       Blasingame."


                       Jim Copland on Radio America 's "Randy Tobler Show"
                       Tomorrow, January 12, 2008, Jim Copland, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and director of the




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                          Page 5 of 6



                        Center for Legal Policy, will discuss medical malpractice and the state of legal reform on the nationally
                        syndicated "Randy Tobler Show."


                        E.J. McMahon on WGY Radio
                        On Thursday, January 10, 2008, Manhattan Institute senior fellow and director of the Empire Center for
                        New York State Policy E.J. McMahon discussed Governor Spitzer's State of the State address and the
                        possibility of a school tax cap on WGY Radio.


                        Jim Copland on WBAL's "Ron Smith Show"
                        On Thursday, January 10, 2008, Jim Copland, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and director of
                        the Center for Legal Policy, discussed a recent Hurricane Katrina insurance claim for $3 quadrillion and
                        the state of legal reform on the "Ron Smith Show," airing out of Baltimore, MD.


                        Tarren Bragdon on KSTP' s "Bob Davis Show"
                        On Tuesday, January 8, 2008, Tarren Bragdon of the Manhattan Institute's Empire Center for New York
                        State Policy was on KSTP's "Bob Davis Show". He discussed his recent Wall Street Journal article, "A
                        Question for Hillary."


                       Tarren Bragdon on Talk Radio Network's "Jerry Doyle Show"
                       On Monday, January 7, 2008, Tarren Bragdon of the Manhattan Institute's Empire Center for New York
                       State Policy was on Talk Radio Network's "Jerry Doyle Show". He discussed his recent Wa/i Street
                       Journal article, "A Question for Hillary."

                    WEB MAGAZINES


                       PointofLaw.com
                       Petition to USSC re 2C decision on the Tort of Doing Business in South Africa
                       Posted by.Michael Krauss
                       The Legal Times' Tony Mauro reports on the latest development following the shocking October 2007
                       decision by the 2nd Circuit court of appeals to allow a suit to proceed against hundreds of corporations,
                       under the Alien Tort Claims Act, for their participation in the South African economy under the
                       apartheid regime...


                       MindingTheCampus.com
                       College Sports - A Very Useful Fetish
                       Donald Downs, January 10, 2008
                       Is it just me, or have others noted that "Big-Time College Sports" (basketball and football, primarily)
                       have recently taken yet another leap into a qualitatively different zone? ...


                       MedicalProgressToday com
                       Professor Reich Speaks
                       Posted by Benjamin Zycher
                       Robert Reich opined this week in the Wall Street Journal about the mudfight among the Democratic
                       presidential candidates on the issue of whose individual "mandate" (a requirement that health
                       insurance be acquired) would yield the most extensive coverage. And Reich is right: The differences
                       are small, and the most extensive (or more stringently enforced) mandates are a way of imposing a
                       tax on the young and healthy so as to subsidize other purchasers of health insurance...


                       Overlawvered.com
                       Ceraueira v. American Airlines




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0009680
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Weekly Wrapup                                                                                  Page 6 of 6



                        Posted by Walter Olson "Robert Loblaw" at the blog Decision of the Day, has this post on the case of
                        Cerqueira v. American Airlines. In sum, after being booted off the plane for some suspicious behavior,
                        plaintiff John Cerqueiia, thought he would sue. After winning an award $130,000 in compensatory
                        damages and $270,000 in punitive damages the case was appealed...


                     Sincerely,
                     William G . Zeiser      Samara M. Klar           Bridget E. Sweeney
                     Press Officer           Press Officer            Press Officer

                                   Press Inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                  communicationsca)manhattan-institute.oro, 212.599.7000

                                              Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute


                                           Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                              Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " ynsubscribe" in the subject line.




                 10/29/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI 0009681
