Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 10, 2008 3:18 PM
              To:                      klinn@yulista.com
              Subject:                 RE: Oil&amp;Gas


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us (mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us)

              Sent : Thursday , January 10 ,   2008 3:17 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject : Oil&amp;Gas



             Web mail from: Mr. Kevin Linn

             address : 16243 Headlands circle Anchorage AK 99516

               907-868-2430



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor , please stay the course , your integrity , honesty , and efforts on behalf of
             Alaska are appreciated by the vast majority of us long term Alaskans.

             It bothers me that the Dan Fagans ' of the world are hell bent on keeping us in the same
             rut we have been and while you stay above the fray , I suggest you have Sharon Leighow call
             Pagan and tell him to get his medication levels adjusted or get on the proper medication.

             Warm regards

             Kevin Linn



             klinn@yyulista.com




                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0009714
