Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 10, 2008 12:55 PM
              To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: richard or mary bishop [mailto:rmbishop@ptialaska.net]

              Sent :   Thursday, January 10, 2008 12:51 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: RE: Other



              Thank you. I look forward to hearing from the Governor. Dick



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (mailto:governor@alaska.gov)

              Sent: Wednesday, January 09, 2008 9:26 AM

              To: rmbishop@ptialaska.net

              Subject: RE: Other




             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,

             opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

             the Governor.     Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

             herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

             appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

             suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 7:51 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0009715
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Web mail from: Mr. Dick Bishop

              address: PO Box 73902 Fairbanks AK 99707




              MESSAGE:

              Hard Copy of this letter to follow.



              The Honorable Sarah Palin

              Office of the Governor

              POB 110001

              Juneau, AK 99811-0001



              Dear Governor Palin:



             Happy New Year ...and congratulations on your very successful first year

              in office!



             The Alaska Outdoor Council would be honored if you and your family would

             consider attending some portion of our Annual Statewide Meeting at the

             Millennium Hotel in Anchorage, February 8-10.



             The general meeting plan is to have informative presentations on Friday,

             February 8, and possibly the morning of Saturday, February 9. The -

             formal business meeting would follow on Saturday and be finished on

             Sunday morning.



             Our Awards Banquet is planned to start at 6 PM, Saturday, February 9.



             We would welcome your presence at any or all of the Annual Meeting, but

             in recognition of your busy schedule let me suggest some options.



             We would be delighted if you would agree to be our honored speaker at

             the Awards Banquet.      Apart from presenting awards to recognize

                                                               2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              conservation achievements, this is a social event.



              An alternative could be attending some portion of the Friday or Saturday

              morning information session or lunch. if you were able to address the

              delegates on issues of mutual interest and concern it would be of great

              value to our delegates and other attendees.



              I recall that , as mayor of Wasilla , you spoke at an earlier AOC Awards

              Banquet in Palmer .     I also recall that our guests were quite impressed

              with your remarks .     I am sure that AOC members and sympathizers would be

              very happy to hear your views now as Governor on the various issues so

              important to the interests of outdoor Alaskans.



              Thank you for your accomplishments and ongoing efforts to improve the

              management and uses of Alaska ' s great outdoors.



              Please contact me at 455 - 6151 or Executive Director Rod Arno at 376-2913

              in response to our invitation.



              Sincerely,



              Richard H. Bishop ,    President

              Alaska Outdoor Council, Inc.




              rmbishop@ptialaska.net




                                                                3
