Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Thursday, January 10, 2008 8:44 AM
               To:                     Sean Parnell
               Subject:                Re: job growth and sos


               Not sure how it was presented to me as I sat with janice and Kris to go through dozens of
               requests for the next month. So many that it's easy to forget details on any of them. I'm
               sure if it was a changpoint request I asked her to ask one of your staffers who attended
               changpoint to assist so we'd know what they intent of the request was.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

               From: Sean Parnell < Privileged   or Personal F


               Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2008 08:32:22

               To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

               Subject: RE: job growth and sos




               Refresher is an event held about three times a year for the women of

               ChangePoint. It's.a chance to refresh, recharge with fun, humorous

               entertainment combined with a positive message for them about their life in

               Christ. Most, including Sandy, describe the events as "BLAST." Somewhere

               between 500-700 women of all ages attend these things.



               You received an invite to participate but I think since you'll be in Juneau

               they want to film you (which is the talk Kate is working on). ChangePoint
       i
               really wanted to get you on video in a humorous role first, like "a day in

               the life" moments of getting.Piper ready for school at the Governor' s House,

               the "mess at the mansion "      (their terms) of everyday life, etc. That would be

               followed by you delivering a brief message of hope related to women in

               leadership and life.



               Janice has a page and a half description of the request and I was told that

              you. requested Kate's help on writing for this. Is that what happened?

                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0009746
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

              Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2008 8:18 AM

             To: Sean Parnell

             Subject: Re: job growth and sos



             Sounds good. I can give #s of expected growth so as to be realistic, and

              still be positive.



             What's the ChangePoint Refresher?

             Sent from my BlackBerry© device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: Sean Parnell <     Privileged or Personal


             Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2008 07:56;51

             To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: job growth and sos




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             By the way, Kate ' s excited to work with you on the ChangePoint Refresher

             topic. I told her to go for it and help out.




                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0009747
