Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 10, 2008 8:13 AM
              To:                      Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored); Leighow; Sharon W
                                       (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: TransCanada seeks to get Big Oil on board with pipeline plan


              Excellent article - very good reporting.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   fek9wnr@yahoo.com



             Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2008 05:07:00

             To:"Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Fw: TransCanada seeks to get Big Oil on board with pipeline plan




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Scott Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>



             Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2008 04:57:29

             To:Scott     R   Heyworth <heyworth@gci.net>

             Subject: TransCanada seeks to get Big Oil on board with pipeline plan




             In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without
             profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information
             for research and educational purposes.




             TransCanada seeks to get Big oil on board with pipeline plan



             By R.A.

             Dillon <mailto:rdillon%40newsminer.com>

                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Staff Writer

               Published January 10, 2008

              News-Miner




              WASHINGTON - The administration of Gov . Sarah Palin is betting on Canadian pipeline giant
              TransCanada to deliver on the state ' s long - held dream of developing a pipeline to carry
              North Slope natural gas to markets in the Lower 48.

              Critics of the plan argue it's a nonstarter without the participation of at least one of
              the three major oil companies that hold the rights to most of the 35 trillion cubic feet
              of proven gas reserves stranded at the northern edge of the state.

              If the major gas owners - Exxon Mobil, BP and ConocoPhillips - don't agree to ship their
              gas in the pipeline, opponents say, TransCanada won't be able to finance the multibillion
              project.

              Tony Palmer , TransCanada ' s vice president of Alaska operations , says his company has
              considered a number of scenarios to make the $ 26 billion project a success , including
              offering shippers an equity stake and the possibility of the federal government assuming a
              larger role in the pipeline.

              "We think we can put forth an attractive offer to customers to entice them into taking
              shipping commitments in the pipeline," Palmer said.

              State officials have for years insisted that rising natural gas prices make a pipeline
              project economical, and projections by TransCanada seem to support that conclusion. The
              Calgary-based company estimates the three major gas owners combined would earn, on
              average, about $8.3 billion a year, after taxes and royalties,.simply by sending their gas
              to market through the pipeline.

              "We think the project is in the money," Palmer said.

              TransCanada based its estimate on a U.S . Energy Information Administration projected gas
              price at the Alberta hub of $5.18 per million British thermal units in today's dollars.
              The estimate assumes production costs of $1.50 per Mmbtu.

              Natural gas prices at the Alberta hub closed Wednesday at $7.28 per Mmbtu.

              Exxon, BP and Conoco, which hold the rights to 90 percent of the region's gas reserves,
              have said they won't sign on to a pipeline project without first reaching an agreement
              with the state on gas taxes . The companies want a guarantee the state won't raise gas
              taxes until they've recovered their investment in the pipeline.

              Legislators have rejected previous attempts to freeze taxes as unconstitutional.

              Calls for comment to Exxon and BP officials were not returned in time for this article. A
              spokeswoman for ConocoPhillips declined to comment on the TransCanada proposal.

             Palmer said TransCanada would work with the gas owners to get them to participate in the
             project.

             Among the enticements TransCanada is proposing is a plan to offer participants in the
             initial open season - the event at which gas owners can commit their gas to the pipeline
             - the opportunity to take an equity position in the project. It's an appeal designed to
             align the interests of TransCanada, the state and potential shippers, Palmer said.

             TransCanada has also asked the U.S. Department of Energy to consider changes to the $18
             billion federal loan guarantee, which Congress approved in 2004, to protect shippers
             against potential cost overruns. Under the plan, any capital expense over the final cost
             estimate for the pipeline would not be considered by federal regulators in setting
                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0009769
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               transportation charges on the pipeline, which would protect shippers from higher than
               expected tariffs.

               TransCanada would be able to recoup the cost overruns through a shipping surcharge only if
               gas prices were above a certain threshold.

               "We're prepared to take some of the risks of the project in order to advance it," Palmer
               said. "We hope that will convince the companies to participate."

              The question of whether any of the North Slope producers will agree to use the pipeline to
              transport their gas to market could be answered sooner rather than later. TransCanada has
              proposed holding an initial open season in 2009 - two years earlier than required by
              state law.

              Drue Pearce , federal coordinator for the Alaska pipeline project, said TransCanada's
              proposal could provide the leverage necessary to convince the gas owners to participate.

              "TransCanada ' s plan , if they become the state ' s licensee and partner , will put the
              producers on the spot in 2009 during the binding open season ," she said.

              Challenges

              Andrew Halcro, a former state lawmaker who ran for governor as an independent in 2006, has
              been an outspoken critic of Palin and her efforts to get a gas pipeline built.

              Halcro believes the TransCanada proposal should have been disqualified because, in his
              view, it failed to comply with the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act, or AGIA, the law that
              set out the state's criteria for qualified projects.

              As an example , Halcro points to a provision in the application that states TransCanada may
              seek to establish a "mechanism through which the U.S. government would assume some or all
              of the initial risk of the project by acting as a bridge shipper."

              "The way it's worded in TransCanada's proposal is that there are additional requirements
              that fall outside the scope of AGIA and should have disqualified it," Halcro said.

              Joe Balash, special assistant on oil and gas issues to the governor, brushed aside
              Halcro's criticism, saying the onetime lawmaker failed to review the full application.

              "All he did was read the executive summary," Balash said. "If you go through the meat of
              the application, it's very clear that they have met the requirements of AGIA, without any
              qualifications or conditions."

              The administration asked applicants to provide alternatives in case the project ran into
              roadblocks. TransCanada provided them, Balash said.

              "They had clearly put a lot of thought into the various contingencies and scenarios that
              might unfold here," he said. "We now have an opportunity to go in and determine whether we
              like their plan."

              Most importantly, Balash said, TransCanada is committed to pursuing pipeline certification
              by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, regardless of whether an open season
              is successful.

             Wild card

             As for the possibility that Congress might need to use the muscle of the federal treasury
             to advance the pipeline, Balash called it "intriguing" but said the application did not
             provide many details. He said the administration would delve deeper into the issue as the
             evaluation proceeds.

             Palmer said the idea of Congress acting as a "bridge-shipper" would only happen if the gas
             owners failed to bid for pipeline capacity during the open season . Under such a scenario,
             Congress would cover the pipeline's transportation fees until shippers agreed to send
             their gas through the pipeline.


                                                             3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0009770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               " It is a way to ensure that the process would proceed ," Palmer said.

               Halcro said he doesn ' t believe the U . S. government would agree to assume the risk of the
               shipping commitments.

               "I can ' t imagine a Democratically led Congress backstopping Exxon Mobil , ConocoPhillips,
               BP and a Canadian pipeline company ," he said. "Especially while Alaska has $40 billion in
               the bank."

               Aides to Alaska Republicans Rep. Don Young and Sens . Ted Stevens and Lisa Murkowski said
               the delegation is committed to helping advance a pipeline project , but they declined to
               comment specifically on the TransCanada proposal until it has officially been selected by
               the state.

               FERC would follow the direction of whatever statutes Congress decides to adopt, a
               spokeswoman for the commission said.

              Congressional aides said it would be unprecedented in recent history for the federal
              government to act as a backstop for a massive infrastructure project.

              Congress made similar public investments in infrastructure projects during World War II,
              but its focus over the past 60 years has been on promoting private enterprise.

              Aides point to the stalled FutureGen project , a public - private partnership to develop
              clean - coal technology that has been plagued with cost overruns, as an example of federal
              government ' s lack of appetite for investing in massive projects.

              Congress also balked at efforts in 2003 to set a $2 floor for national natural gas prices
              for the Alaska project.

              There ' s also concern among some members of Congress that the state is engaged in a game of
              chicken with the producers that could end up being dragged through the courts for years,
              aides said.

              The state has long told Congress to stay out of its way on the pipeline , and now it could
              be in for a rude reception if it comes hat-in - hand asking for help , aides said.

              Pearce remains optimistic that Congress will support the state when the           time comes.

              "Since leaders in both parties believe the commercialization of Alaska ' s North Slope gas
              is vital to our economic security , the support of D.C. is likely to continue ," she said.
              "If the' state and TransCanada are forced to come to D.C. to request additional federal
              assistance , Congress and the new administration will look at the situation at that time.

              "The playing field may well look much different than it looks today."

              State officials point out that the gas owners are bound, under the terms of their leases,
              by a duty to produce when it is economically feasible . The Palin administration believes
              that comes once a project reaches open season . Gas owners that fail to participate could
              face state revocation of their leases , Balash said.

              The state is already in the process of stripping the massive Point Thomson unit, which
              holds a third of the area ' s proven reserves , from operator Exxon.




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0009771
