Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                  Sent:     Thursday, January 10, 2008 7:39 AM
                 To:        Governor Sarah Palin
                  Cc:       Karen Rehfeld; Kris Perry; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich
                  Subject: Carl Marrs/Congressional Earmarks - CONFIDENTIAL


                I thought that you would want to see the ADN Compass piece below in which Carl
                Marrs directly attacks the administration's decision to reduce the number of funding
                earmarks that we request from Congress.

               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                Note to Palin: 'Earmark ' means money Alaska needs
                COMPASS : Points of view from the community
                By CARL MARRS
                (01/10/08 00:46:57)

                I and other Alaskans have spent a lot of time trying to understand why the Palin administration
                would announce publicly that it was going to drastically cut the earmarks the state seeks from our
                congressional delegation. It makes no sense to us. By doing it so publicly, she may have
                jeopardized all other existing federal funding for Alaska.

                The Palin administration says earmarks make Alaska look bad. However, an earmark is nothing
                more than a word for special projects. And because our infrastructure needs eons to catch up with
                the rest of the nation just to bring us into some sort of parity, we need many special projects.

                Palin's cutback on earmark requests (or special projects) will make it even more difficult to make
                things happen in Washington, D.C., and it's already very difficult indeed. Most people in the Lower
                48 would just as soon see this state locked up in one big park or wildlife preserve. The last thing
                we need to tell Congress is: "We don't want your money; we have enough."

                The governor and many among our news media are painting a bleak picture of earmarks,
                suggesting they are there to be abused. Nothing could be further from the truth. Earmarks have
                been used for decades by many other senators from many other states and will continue to be
                used in the future in some other form. It's not like Sens. Stevens and Murkowski and
                Congressman Young have invented earmarks, or the projects the funding was going to be used
                for. These projects were requested by the State of Alaska or the residents of Alaska.

                We elected our congressional delegation to go to Washington, D.C., to fight for funding for our



                8/31/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0009790
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2



                state . It would seem that Palin's negative portrayal of the process has the potential to harm
                Alaska's stability and its future.

                On the one hand , Palin wants to tax the hell out of our biggest industries . At the same time, we
                need funding for infrastructure , health , education and public safety . By casting a shadow over all
                of it, she has now put so much of what we need at risk . Surely she doesn't think the state can pay
                for everything?

                I don ' t know where her advice is coming from, but it reminds me of the old fairy tale, "The
                Emperor's New Clothes ." If this administration keeps this up, eventually the people will see there
                is nothing there.

                In the case of Gov. Palin , most of us can agree she was a very attractive candidate who knew
                exactly how to appeal to the widest possible audience. When you're trying to get elected , that's a
                strategy that's obviously very effective . But we're not in an election (or are we? ). We're at the
                point where the rubber meets the road . We're at the stage where we need more than rhetoric,
                more than promises, more than attacks on others. We need results.

                Gov. Palin , Alaska needs policymakers who have vision . Alaska needs can-do builders who can
                start a project and see it through to the finish . Gov. Palin, Alaska needs leadership . We want you
                to succeed on Alaska's behalf, but giving up on federal funding leaves some serious questions.

                Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is jwkatz(&alaskadc org.
                Thank you .




                8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0009791
