Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI ]
              Sent:                   Friday, January 11, 2008 4:44 PM
              To:                     Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
              Cc:                     'gov. sarah @yahoo.com'
              Subject:                Re:


              Thanks. I think the first thing to do is circle the numerically stated fact assertions in
              her draft that she just sent, then look back at the email trails to see if we're missing
              info on any.



             Then, in light of the email trail and what we know, see if we can come up with one liners
             that accurately state the facts for her. (The specific areas off the top of my head are
             education, transportation, and DPS brown shirt counts.) I will get an education blurb
             written since I'm familiar with the ins and outs of those numbers. If you could do the
             brown shirt numbers and get a piece written for that one based on Kris Perry's email, that
             would be helpful. For the other fact assertions let's talk tonight (or communicate by
             email) and nail those down.




             I think we focus on the governor's accuracy for this next draft before we pare back any
             more for her. I'd like us to shoot to have something back to her Saturday afternoon or
             evening--just one draft that we each sign off on as being as accurate as we know it so she
             doesn't have to compare a draft fr me and one from you. Look forward to talking with you.



             Sean




             ----- Original message -----

             From: Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

             To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored);         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Jan 11 16:24:06 2008

             Subject: RE:




             Absolutely.  I am at your disposal. I'll await the latest draft, and work over the
             weekend . Perhaps I could give you a call tomorrow and you could assign me specific
             researching/re-writing tasks?  My home is 334-3004, and my cell is Privile ed



             Bruce




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0009811
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             -----Original Message-----

             From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Friday, January 11,      2008 4:08 PM

             To: '    Privileged or Personal
             Cc: Anders , Bruce F ( DNR); Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)

             Subject: RE:




             Bruce,




             Can we get a list together of those facts that need to be checked, compare to the email
             traffic we ' ve been seeing , and get changes on paper so the governor can lessen her
             frustration level from having to deal directly with agency folks on this. (I spoke with
             her again on the education numbers so I have a sense for what she wants . Kris , I think is
             still getting brown shirt numbers .) The governor is currently editing a draft on her
             computer in the office and will send a latest version to us when she's done.



             I can work over the weekend at varying points. My home phone is 522-6499 and my cell is
             Privile e . I fly to Juneau on Monday-Wednesday.


             Sean




                                                                   2




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0009812
