Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                 Sent:     Thursday, January 10, 2008 10:00 AM
                 To:       'Sarah Palin ; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
                 Subject: Letter of Recommendation - Elie Fuller

               Governor/Todd - Please find the letter that Elle has prepared for signature. This will be in the
               ANC office for your signature. Elle would like 3 originals for her file. She needs to hand
               deliver tomorrow, Friday, 01.11.08 one letter to the Elks for scholarship monies. Thanks, Janice



               To Whom It May Concern,
                       It is without reservation that I recommend Elle Fuller to you. I have known Elle nearly
               all of her life. She has continually shown good character, kindness, wisdom, and discernment
               in all these years I have been blessed to know her. Elle has been a friend to my own children
               and is a role model for many young people in our community.

                       I was honored to have served our community as a city council member and city mayor,
               and there have been many times that I wished the city was filled with more citizens like Elle
               Fuller. She has been community-minded and very involved in so many activities and positive
               programs that help her fellow citizens. From participating in healthy athletic competitions, to
               providing services to younger kids and our esteemed elders in Wasilla, to her involvement in
               civic opportunities such as helping my campaigns, as well as her father's campaign for city
               council member by waving signs and knocking on doors, many residents have called upon
               Elle to lend a hand. Even as a child Elle accompanied me at city council meetings and other
               community events. She always comes through and puts forth 100 percent effort when asked
               to assist on any project.

                     Elle's academic achievements are testimony to her diligence and right priorities. So is
               her commitment to her family. Elle is a great "big sister" to her siblings, and I've trusted my
               own younger children in her care many times, as I know her to be a responsible and caring
               person.

                      It has been my pleasure to watch Elle grow to be the remarkable young woman she is.
               Without doubt she will be successful in all her future endeavors. As Alaska's Governor, I am
               proud to recommend Elle Fuller to you.

                                                               Sincerely,

                                                               Sarah Palin
                                                               Governor




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0009805
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page I of I



                 Unknown

                 From :    Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWN]
                 Sent:     Thursday, January 10, 2008 2:30 PM
                 To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:       Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
                 Subject: FW: PA Request for Reconsideration came in at 12:10-IMPORTANT UPDATE

               Governor, wanted to make sure you received a copy of the Port Authority's "Request for Reconsideration." We
               are in the process of reviewing the request. During the review we will determine what if any is confidential and
               what can be posted for the public. Tom



               From: Thompson, Nan G (DNR)
               Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2008 2:21 PM
               To: Thompson, Nan G (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Banks,
               Kevin R (DNR); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Harris, Bonnie E (LAW); Balash, Joseph R (GOV);
               'MinesingerK@gtlaw.com'; 'SheplerD@gtlaw.com'; Crosley, Marie M (DNR); Marsh, Kenneth E (DNR); 'Dan
               Fauske'; Laing, Ian M (DOR); Iversen, Allison K (JPO); Rutz, Christopher (AIDEA)
               Subject: RE: PA Request for Reconsideration came in at 12:10-IMPORTANT UPDATE

               Bill Walker says that he intended to treat the Exhibits to his request as Confidential. Until we have time to sort
               out whether or not they really are, please treat the Exhibits as Confidential.
               I have attached a scanned version of the Non-confidential portion for your convenience.


               From: Thompson, Nan G (DNR)
               Sent: Thursday, January 10, 2008 12:26 PM
               To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Gibson,
               Kurtis K (DNR); Harris, Bonnie E (LAW); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); MinesingerK@gtlaw.com; SheplerD@gtlaw.com;
               Crosley, Marie M (DNR); Marsh, Kenneth E (DNR); Dan Fauske; Laing, Ian M (DOR); Iversen, Allison K (JPO);
               Rutz, Christopher (AIDEA)
               Subject: PA Request for Reconsideration came in at 12:10

               They also delivered a copy to Bonnie.
               A scanned version is attached. It is less than 30 pages: nothing confidential.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0009806
