Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, January 11, 2008 1:48 PM
              To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, January 11, 2008 1:53 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject; Other




              Web mail from:     Kim-Marie Walker

              address :   c/o. Mat-Su MLK Jr. Foundation, P.O. Box 87-5754 Wasilla AK 99687

               907.376.1306




              MESSAGE:

              PRESS RELEASE       January 11, 2008

              Contact: Kim-Marie Walker, 907.376.1306




              MAT-SU KING HOLIDAY EVENT PREMIERS INDIE FILMS, YOUTH SCHOLARSHIP, BAZAAR




             The Mat-Su premier of two extraordinary films takes place at the upcoming community event
             celebrating Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., a national icon of non-violent protest and
             the 1960s Civil Rights Movement.




             Premiered last June in Anchorage, Anchorage Is Our Home is a film that reveals a
             community's struggle to embrace diversity. "Wherever we live is our home and we share our
             home with different kinds of people. It seems we're still learning how to celebrate
             differences meaningfully, with respect," says Mollie Boyer, one of the film's producers
             and a Valley resident.



             Boyer, Erick Cordero, and Marie Husa interviewed youths and adults from diverse
             ethnicities and cultural traditions. The trio produced the film as members of Alaska
             Humanities Forum's Leadership Anchorage Program in partnership with Healing Racism in
             Anchorage, an organization that provides classes to help understand and interrupt the
             cycle of racism.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0009822
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               The awarded short film Silences by Octavio Warock-Graham is a memoir about growing up
               biracial in a small, all-white Eastern town. "This film is so powerful. Octavio asks
               really hard questions of his white mother, grandmother, and others, including his black
               father, who he meets for the first time as an adult," says Kim-Marie Walker, a Valley
               resident. Walker viewed Silences at a Chicago conference for transracial adoption and
               Americans who identify as biracial or multiracial.



              This year ' s theme , A New Generation for a New Day , is aimed at Valley youth.   Scholarship
              applications , funded by the Mat - Su MLK Jr . Foundation , will be available for high school
              seniors going to college in the fall . Other highlights include a day-long program of
              speakers , entertainers , and like last year , a King Holiday Bazaar featuring craft and
              business vendors.



              The 6th annual Mat-Su King Holiday event is free and open to the public: Monday, January
              21, 11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., at the Wasilla Multi-Use Sports Complex, 1001 S. Mack Drive.
              Interested vendors and performers can still sign-up. For more information call 376-1566 or
              E-mail: matsumlkjr@gmail.com.

              --------------end---------------




              matsumlkjr@gmail.com




                                                             2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0009823
