Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                   From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
                   Sent:     Friday, January 11, 2008 1:16 PM
                   To:       Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: [Research Matters ] ISER Research Matters No. 27



                  From: iserPublications-bounces@lists.uaa.alaska.edu [mailto:iser_publlcatlons-
                  bounces@lists.uaa.alaska.edu] On Behalf Of ISER Research Announcements
                  Sent: Friday, January 11, 2008 1:08 PM
                  To: ISEt Publications@lists.uaa.alaska.edu
                  Subject: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 27

                  ISER Research Matters is our effort to quickly let Alaskans know about research findings from the
                  Institute of Social and Economic Research ( ISER), at the University of Alaska Anchorage . We post these
                  on our Web site and distribute them by e-mail. If you 'd like to be removed from or added to our e-mail
                  list, please send us a message at ResearchMatters(uaa.alaska.edu

                  ISER Research Matters No. 27. Understanding Alaska's Remote Rural Economy
                  January 11, 2008

                  A new ISER publication describes an economy unlike that anyplace else in the United States: the
                  economy of the vast remote region of northern and western Alaska . At 395, 000 square miles, the remote
                  rural region is large enough to hold Japan , Germany , and Great Britain . Yet only about 60 , 000 people live
                  there, and most households keep themselves going with a mix of cash , subsistence , sharing , and non-
                  cash trading . That's a world away from the state 's urban economy , and under standard measures like
                  income the remote rural economy lags far behind.

                  Over the years there have been many efforts to improve that economy . But the new paper by ISER
                  economist Scott Goldsmith argues that standard measures can't capture all the economic activity in a
                  region where subsistence and non -cash trading play such important parts . Also, there are many gaps in
                  the available data. This new paper offers the most comprehensive picture possible , based on available
                  data-and at the same time identifies other information that could improve the picture and make
                  economic development efforts more effective.


                      Most of the state 's natural resource wealth is produced in remote rural areas-about $ 17 billion
                       worth in 2006-but more than 90% of that wealth bypasses the remote economy . It is government
                       that directly or indirectly accounts for almost all (perhaps as much as 90 %) of the income of
                       regional residents . Local benefits from resource production -through local resource taxes, jobs,
                       and activities of Alaska Native regional corporations-are concentrated in a few areas.
                      A big share of the money that does come into the remote rural economy quickly leaks out again,
                       because so many of the workers (an estimated
                       40%) are non -locals who spend their paychecks elsewhere , and because residents and local
                       businesses buy many things outside the region . Of the estimated $2.35 billion that entered the
                       remote rural economy as a result of natural resource production and government spending in
                       2006 , about $ 1 billion quickly leaked out to other areas.
                      Official employment figures underestimate the time residents of remote areas spend working,
                       because they can't take into account time spent in subsistence activities and the informal
                       economy . If such time could be included , employment would be larger than published data show
                       and would have a more complex seasonal pattern.
                      Thousands of young people in remote areas will soon reach working age , and that growth in the
                       labor force , combined with the constraints on the types of cash jobs the economy can support, will



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_000983I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                        create special challenges for residents . To find jobs, many will need to get specialized training, commute to
                        jobs, or move to areas with more jobs.
                       There are opportunities for economic growth in remote areas . But importing goods and services will
                        continue to be expensive , and future government spending will be constrained . Cash will continue to be
                        scarce, and subsistence and informal economic activities will continue to be extremely valuable.




                  Research Summary         Full Report




                   10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0009832
