Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Saturday, January 12, 2008 8:13 AM
              To:                     PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:                Re: Conoco react


             They said they were so surprised- (so I'm glad ktuu runs my quote for presser where we
             TOLD them we'd look, but not consider under AGIA and they SAID in their proposal they knew
             it wouldn't be considered under AGIA.)




             They're in a box, they say- not quite knowing what to do. They said I put myself in a box,
             too, though. I said- in terms of "negotiating with you, YOU put me in a box", as we had to
             go forth w AGIA since (and Marty kept reminding them of this) they were non-responsive for
             five months re: what their terms were. Instead of continuing to guess, we would tell them
             and everyone else what our terms were, and the process was good and successful. Even
             yesterday they still wouldn't tell us what they would have needed to get a deal- it's way
             more than 25 yrs gas certainty... and it hinted at them having to ask for whatever
             exxon/bp was ultimately wanting (control, arbitration changes, etc). It was a good mtg-
             not so impressed with Wentzel, but I like Bowles (I like Mulva even more), though I'm
             getting impatient with his talking 'round and 'round about the same issues we've discussed
             for over a year now.



             I told them I personally thought it futile for them to go to leggies and try to change
             process/plans. They admitted as much, but also admitted they don't know what else to do.
             We said we need (and needed all along) to know what they wanted... and that we hoped
             they'd work with TC, and of course to committ their gas. They said we were forcing them to
             just go back to hook up w/Exx and BP.

             ------Original Message------

             From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             To: Governor Sarah Palin

             Sent: Jan 12, 2008 7:44 AM

             Subject: Conoco react




             What was Bowles' and Wenzel ' s reaction yesterday?



             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0009913
