Unknown
Frorn :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                    Friday, April 18, 2008 4:11 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo. com'
Subject :                FW: Seniors


Todd - This was also sent to Anna Kim to respond to the decrease in question. Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 4:06 PM

To: Kim, Anna C (GOV)

Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV)

Subject: FW: Seniors




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 3:57 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Seniors



Web mail from: Freda Peters

address: 1028 Lakeview Terrace, Fairbanks, AK 99701

(907)452-4409



MESSAGE:

                                                   1                              ROSTON 02008




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 Congradulations on the birth of your son.

 I had the pleasure of being at your inauguguration.lt was great that it was held here in Fairbanks.You
have my support and I am proud of you.I have lived in Alaska 40+years and am 82 yrs old.) love
Alaska and always have.lplan to live out my life here.



Thank you for what the state is doing for seniors although when it was reinstated I feel I was not
given a fair adjustment.) have been here when the longevity started and was getting $250 a month
and now I am getting $175.

My finances are less now than they were then.I do not understand why I should be recieving less
than I was before it was dropped so you know who wanted a jet plane for his own pleasure,which
really hurt many senoirs and some who were not here for the beginning are now recieving the $250
and people like me are cut down.

I know you have more to worry about than my problems and really do not exspect anything,but I did
want you to know that some things were not done fairly.) tried many times to have a correction made
but it never happened,so I more or less gave it up.l am gradefull for what I am geting and I will live
with it.



I wish you all the good things in life and I want you to know you are the best we have had yet,bar
none.




                              Sincerely,

                              Freda Peters




f.s.peters@worldnet.aft.net




                                                   z                              ROSTON 02009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
