Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown

                  From:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Monday , January 14, 2008 7:55 AM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color to Hold
                          Forum in Chicago




                 From : CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
                 Sent: Monday, January 14, 2008 4:49 AM
                 Subject: NR: National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color
                 to Hold Forum in Chicago




                   xl                                         1




                                                                                     Contact: Juanita M . Weaver
                                                                                     Director of Media & Strategic
                                                                                     Alliances
                                                                                     Center for Women 's Business
                                                                                     Research
                                                                                     202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                                     iweaver(ccDwomensbusinessreseE


                Release Date : Embargoed Until January 15, 2008


                              National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of
                                   Businesses Owned by Women of Color
                                               to Hold Forum in Chicago

                Washington, DC - Chicago has been selected as the final of five cities for a national research
      i
                study to identify obstacles to business growth faced by women business owners of color. The
                day-long research forum, to be held January 23rd, will be conducted by the Center for
                Women 's Business Research and Babson College . The objective is to identify the barriers
                and challenges that women of color face in the pursuit of business growth and to create
                individual, community, and ultimately, national action plans to overcome those barriers. The
                research will culminate in a 2008 national conference where public- and private-sector policy
                recommendations generated by the research will be announced.

                Women entrepreneurs who are African -American , Asian , Latina , and other ethnicities , who wish
                to grow their businesses to a higher level and help create local and national agendas that



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI 0009972
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 4


                 support businesses owned by women of color, must apply in advance to participate. Selection criteria
                 include owning a business that is at least 50 percent women owned with annual revenues between
                 $250,000 and $5 million. All types of industries are welcome. Women-of-color entrepreneurs who meet
                 the research criteria and wish to participate should contact the Center for Women 's Business
                 Research at www.womensbusinessresearch.org or at 202.638.3060 ext. 725.

                 Bank of America is the city sponsor for the Chicago research forum which will be held at the Bank of
                 America (231 S. LaSalle, 21 st Floor) from 9am to 5pm. The Women' s Business Development Center of
                 Chicago is the city co-presenter. The forum will be followed by a reception attended by participants,
                 guests, and executives from sponsoring corporations and organizations.


                 "As of 2006, there are 2.4 million businesses owned by women of color. They are starting businesses
                 at a faster rate than all businesses but their firms are not achieving the same level of success when
                 measured by revenues and employment," said Sheila Brooks, national spokesperson for this initiative
                 and President and CEO of SRB Productions, Inc. "These businesses have great untapped potential for
                 economic and social impact which can only be realized by clearly identifying their challenges and then
                 developing targeted programs and policies to remove those barriers. The research participants will
                 share their stories, develop personal and business action plans, learn how to grow their businesses
                 from the proven strategies of others, and contribute to setting new community and national agendas
                 that support growth."


                 Now in its third year, Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color continues to
                 be funded by a prestigious consortium of corporate and association national sponsors, including Wal-
                 Mart Stores! Sam's Club, Inc.; Wachovia; UPS Capital; Wells Fargo & Company; American Airlines;
                 IBM; MasterCard ; Verizon; Time Warner; and PepsiCo.

                 Leading women business owner organizations and other non-profit organizations are also research
                 sponsors. They are: the National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO); National
                 Women's Business Council (NWBC); Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC); and
                the Women Presidents' Organization (WPO).

                 "We are very pleased to participate in this research which will culminate in sharing the experiences and
                 insight of women-of-color entrepreneurs with national policy makers," said Babson College associate
                professor Donna Stoddard. "We expect this research to create community and national agendas to
                foster the success of all women-of-color entrepreneurs."


                The core of the project is five research forums bringing women of color entrepreneurs together to
                identify key issues. The first four forums were held in Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; Philadelphia,
                Pennsylvania; and San Francisco, California. Babson College has developed two case studies for this
                research initiative, which exemplify the major areas of discussion.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0009973
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4


                Affiliate organizations that have joined the initiative to date include: Women's Leadership Exchange;
                America-China International Foundation; Association of Women's Business Centers; CARE; Center for
                Leadership and Civic Engagement of Spelman College; Georgia Women's Business Council; Women's
                Business Development Center of Philadelphia; Dallas/Fort Worth Minority Business Council and Las
                Comadres.


                Corporate and association sponsorships for 2008 are still available.



                Editor's Note: The following is a sampling of the comments of the participants in the first forums

                "I thoroughly enjoyed every minute and expect to use the tools and methods expounded upon. Everyone was great. Carry on!
                You're doing a wonderful job. Easteller Bruihl, President, Star Reporting Service, Inc.

                "I have been raving about the forum to anyone who will listen since I returned. As a woman of color, I felt heard, validated and
                inspired."

                Lena West, Founder & CEO, xynoMedia Technology

                "I have attended a few 'women's business owners' seminars, meetings, etc. and this was the most valuable one to me... So,
                thank you again for recognizing the need for this study." Conni Evans, President, ANCON

                 As an African American woman and business owner, I found the conference truly enjoyable as well as intellectually
                stimulating. It was so great to hear women speak about their challenges and others advise on possible solutions."
                Jacquannette Lewis, Chief Operating Officer, Global Advertising 1st, Inc.

                Center for Women' s Business Research
                The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social and political
                impact of women business owners and their enterprises. We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the
                status and achievements of women business owners; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of
                women-owned enterprises; and driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. Find out
                more online at www.womensbusinessresearch.org.

                Babson College
                Babson College in Wellesley, Mass ., is recognized internationally as a leader in entrepreneurial management education.
                Babson grants BS degrees through its innovative undergraduate program, and grants MBA and custom MS and MBA degrees
                through the F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College. Babson Executive Education offers executive
                development programs to experienced managers worldwide. For information, visit www.babson.edu.

                The Center for Women's Leadership (CWL) is dedicated to the advancement of women in business. Through the Center's
                education and outreach activities as well as through its research, CWL enables the professional accomplishment of women
                and the success of organizations seeking to leverage their talent and market power. Our extensive research and faculty team
                make Babson the leading authority on global women's entrepreneurship and a premiere source for the insights and
                educational opportunities that women need to achieve their leadership goals. For information, visit www.babson.edu/cwl

                2008 Sponsors
                Bank of America
                Sam's Club/WaI-Mart Stores, Inc.
                Wachovia
                Wells Fargo & Company
                UPS Capital
                American Airlines
                IBM
                MasterCard
                Verizon
                Pe siCo
                National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO)
                National Women's Business Council (NWBC)
                Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)
                Women Presidents' Organization (WPO)
                Time-Warner



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0009974
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 2008 Affiliates
                America-China International Foundation
                Association of Women Business Centers
                Center for Leadership and Civic Engagement
                Georgia Women's Business Council
                Women's Business Development Center of Chicago
                Women's Business Development Center of Philadelphia
                Women's Leadership Exchange




                 10/29/2009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                             Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Monday, January 14, 2008 8:28 AM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                 From: Manhattan Institute [mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                 Sent: Monday, January 14, 2008 6:15 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                  Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                                January 14, ;




                                            Abu Dhabi: East Leans West
                                            Judith Miller, City Journal, Winter 2008
                                            (This piece is a NRO web brief, 1-14-08)
                                            ..Only two decades ago, few foreigners would have viewed this loose federation
                                            of seven independent sheikhdoms, strung out along the southeastern corner of the
                                            Persian Gulf, as a land of opportunity. But thanks to the world's fifth-largest
                                            reserves of crude oil and natural gas, an estimated $1 trillion of investment abroac
                                            and plans to spend at least $200 billion over the next decade on infrastructure and
                        other grandiose projects in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the two most dynamic emirates, the UAE has burst
                        into the world's--and belatedly, America's--consciousness.. .




                        Jersey's Toll Tax
                        Nicole Gelinas , New York Post, January 14, 2008
                        New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine's plan for toll hikes sets a dismaying precedent: Some of the take would
                        indirectly fund past spending that has nothing to do with roads. Corzine's goals - to invest in
                        infrastructure and to reduce debt - are worthy, but it's a bad idea to turn to toll payers to pay off non-
                        road debt...




                        Max Schutz on KCEO's "The Politics of Money"
                        Today, January 14, 2008, at 4:15 PM EST, Max Schulz will be discussing his recent op-ed "A Nuclear
                        Renaissance Ignored," on KCEO's "The Politics of Money," airing out of San Diego, CA.




                 10/29/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                  Page 2 of 2




                      Kay Hymowitz on WTIC' s "Mornings with Ray and Diane"
                      Today, January 14, 2008, Kay Hymowitz, William E. Simon fellow at the Manhattan Institute and City
                      Journal contributing editor, appeared on WTIC's "Mornings with Ray and Diane" to discuss her
                      upcoming City Journal article, "Child-Man in the Promised Land". "Mornings with Ray and Diane" airs
                      out of Hartford, CT.

                   WEB MAGAZINES


                      PointofLaw.com
                      Cleveland suit: overlending as public nuisance
                      Posted by Walter Olson
                      You can't say we didn' warn you about the dangers in lawyers' efforts to develop elastic, inventive
                      "public nuisance" theories for suing unpopular businesses (gunmakers, makers of lead paint in 1920,
                      global warming contributors, etc.) And now, shortly after Baltimore's lawsuit (PDF) seeking recovery
                      from subprime lenders for various sins and insults, the mayor of Cleveland has followed with a yet
                      more absurd and yet more dangerous lawsuit...


                      MedicalProaressToday.com
                      Dissecting Edwards Campaign Rhetoric
                      Posted by Paul Howard
                      In the Wall Street Journal, Scott Gottlieb, MD a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute,
                      takes a cold hard look at Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards claim that the insurer Cigna
                      had wrongfully denied a young leukemia patient a liver transplant - and that, under a single-payer
                      system, she would have received better care...


                      Overlawyered.com
                      Cergueira v. American Airlines
                      Posted by Walter Olson "Robert Loblaw" at the blog Decision of the Day, has this post on the case of
                      Cerqueira v. American Airlines. In sum, after being booted off the plane for some suspicious behavior,
                      plaintiff John Cerqueiia, thought he would sue. After winning an award $130,000 in compensatory
                      damages and $270,000 in punitive damages the case was appealed...


                   Sincerely,
                   William G. Zeiser      Samara M. Klar           Bridget E. Sweeney
                   Press Officer          Press Officer            Press Officer

                                Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                               communicatiions(a)manhattan-institute.org, 212.599.7000

                                           Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                        Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                           Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe " in the subject line.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0009977
