Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov. sarah @yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Monday, January 14, 2008 7:33 PM
              To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Parnell; Sean R
                                       (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV);
                                       Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Subject:                 Re: Pebble


              Ashley just needs to state the truth- there's never been any attempt to thawrt Alaskans'
              right to vote on this, there was no attempt to go around any process and "approach them"
              to try to kill initiatives, etc. Maybe the Lt. Governor can chime in on this too- the last
              thing I want is for anyone to believe ktuu's intimation that we wouldn't want Alaskan
              voices heard on this, etc.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



             pate: Mon, 14 Jan 2008 19:26:52

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Irwin, Tom E
              (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Parnell, Sean R (GOV)" <sean.parnell@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles,
             Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
             <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <Beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Colberg,
             Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: Pebble




             Governor, All,

              I just spoke with Ashley Reed and Kim Hutchinson (two of the three people who represented
             Gillam in our discussions, the 3rd being Atty Jeff Feldman). Neither knew who leaked the
             draft documents, although when I pressed them they agreed that it may have been Art
             Hackney, who works as Gillam's Public Relations' representative. I pressed them on this
             issue because over the weekend I had heard that Art Hackney told Rhonda Boyles about our
             discussions, and Rhonda immediately told a mining community rep.   Ashley told me this
             morning he was asked by KTUU to comment on whether there had been "negotiations" and he
             refused to do so, stating he advised KTUU that his refusal to comment should not be
             construed as a confirmation nor a denial. He said that at that time KTW was simply
             probing and didn't seem to know much and certainly didn't have a copy of the draft.
             Therefore he contends they got ahold of more info subsequently. At the end of our
             conversation Ashley told me that if we (the Administration) wanted him to make a statement
             to the press he would be happy to say whatever we liked, as long as it was "remotely like
             the truth".  He restated his appreciation that we "gave them so much time and made a real
             effort".  I told Ashley I would get back to him on this. When I told Ashley that the news
             reported that we approached them, Ashley agreed that is not how it occurred, nor was this
             ever about keeping issues from a vote of the people. Rather, it was looking for possible
             solutions to a perception problem, including Gillam's perception that Alaska's permitting
             process is inadequate.   Or as Tom said to KTUU, we were looking for the "art of the
             possible" or "common ground".   Tom also told KTUU. Lthis is what DNR does, regularly. we.
             are geared to listen to Alaskans and try and resolve conflicts, whether they are on
             permitting, land management or some other issue. In this case Pebble and the initiatives
             are very important in the state. Both sides put problems, goals and solutions on the
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0009986
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             table looking for a resolution. In this case everyone should conclude one side asked for
             too much and one side wasn't willing to give more, so the discussions stopped".



              Governor, if you think it would be helpful for Ashley to make a statement to the press
             tomorrow, please advise and I will work with Sharon and Joe to make it happen. Also, I am
             so sorry this effort has taken a negative path, as it was totally about seeing if we could
             make something helpful out of some problems.

              Marty




                      Original Message -----

              From : Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              To: 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Sent: Mon Jan 14 18:15:40 2008

              Subject: Re: Pebble



              Governor,

              I didn't see the 6:00 pm news report but Joe Balash just called and said they completely
             misrepresented the truth. I am about to call Ashley Reed to convey how unhappy we are
             w/this and. we want a clarification!

              Marty



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin,
             Tom E (DNR)

              Cc: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper,
             Beth (GOV)

              Sent: Mon Jan 14 18:06:37 2008

              Subject: Pebble



              Yikes- why did ktuu report that we're negotiating over pebble? I think they got it wrong
             - we know there's no negotiating. It's unfortunate that the report made it sound like
             we're thwarting the right of the people to speak/vote on this. They said we approached the
             environmental group to squash it.

              Sent from my BlackBerrym device from Cellular One




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0009987
