Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, January 14, 2008 2:37 PM
              To:                      m.smith@thplastics.com
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent : Monday, January 14, 2008 11:56 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Melinda Smith

              address: 64345 NM 66 Sturgis MI 49091




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Ms .   Palin,

              I have been to your state two times now-- and I would like you to know the following:

              1. It is a truly amazing state - your state does wonders for the Tourism Industry
                                                                                                  state's
              2. Residents of Alaska praise your ability in promoting your State , utilizing your
              resources in allowing a great workforce opportunity.



              These are important issues, as a resident of Michigan, these are areas we are doing poorly
              in.  So, if you ever think of running for Governor in Michigan, you will have my vote-- I
              know that is most likely not going to happen- however, I did want you to know I think you
              are doing a great job for your people.



              Sincerely,



              Melinda Smith


                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0009999
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              m.smith@thplastics.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 0010000
