Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, January 14, 2008 8:48 AM
             To:                      duhowe@alaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent : Saturday, January 12, 2008 9:35 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Mr. Duane Howe

             address : 41640 Gladys Ct Homer AK 99603




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin:



            Do you know what your Board of Game is up to? Below are some of the proposals on the
            docket for the next BOG meeting in Anchorage. These proposals will increase bag limits and
            mechanized access to bears and wolves by legalizing and hunting methods that have been
            illegal for many years and traditionally considered unethical. There is no biological need
            for any of these hunting methods. If you are as concerned about ethics in wildlife
            management as you are in state government in general you need to rein in your BOG or risk
            what is left of Alaska's reputation as an enlightened keeper of the people's wildlife.



            Following are the Proposals:



            Proposal #3 would expand the area where hunters can fly in and shoot black bears on the
            same day they are airborne. Currently, this is only allowed in limited "predator control"
            areas . This proposal further sanctions the use of bait or scent lures and allows hunters
            to shoot bears as close as 300 feet from their aircraft.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010021
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Proposal #40 would sanction the killing of mother bears and their cubs in various regions
              totaling over 60 , 000 square miles . This proposal lacks any biological justification and
              would undoubtely result in many orphaned cubs leading to their death by starvation.



              Proposal # 41 would sanction a practice known as "denning ," which would allow the killing
              of wolf pups in their dens , an extremely unethical form of hunting that has been outlawed,
              with good reason , for many years . It would also extend wolf hunting season to May 31st,
              when pups are out of the den, and extend the bag limit to 10 wolves per day . It would also
              likely kill adult wolves , orphaning newborn wolf pups and condeming them to starvation.



              Proposal # 42 would permit the baiting of wolves statewide , a practice currently not
              allowed except when trapping . This would habituate wolves to seek out human food sources,
              creating obvious additional management problems.



              This is not a pretty picture.




             duhowe@alaska.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0010022
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                  From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Monday , January 14, 2008 10:12 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Support Local High School and University Students by Sponsoring a Table for them to Attend to
                           the 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon



                 From: World Trade Center Alaska [mailto:info@wtcak.org]
                 Sent: Monday, January 14, 2008 10:06 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Support Local High School and University Students by Sponsoring a Table for them to Attend to
                 the 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon




                                    Pleasejoin us for an informative look at Al asks s
                                    economy and forecast of market trends in 2008




                    Support Local High School and University Students by Sponsoring a Table
                     for them to Attend to the 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast Luncheon

                    Dear WTCAK Members and Friends:




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0010023
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 2 of 3




                     I hope that you have already made your reservations to attend the 2008 Statewide
                     Economic Forecast Luncheon that takes place on Wednesday, 23 3anuary 2008.
                     This event has quickly become one of the most anticipated, largest attended
                     business events in Alaska. It's a great way to start the New Year with information
                     and analysis that you can use as you make your plans and strategies for 2008.

                     If you haven't reserved a table yet, please consider doing so today. While we want
                     to accommodate everyone who would like to attend, space is limited and a week
                     from today I cannot guarantee that there will be seating available.

                     I would also ask that you consider helping us to include as many High School and
                     University students as we can by sponsoring a table for them. These young people
                     represent the Alaskan leaders of tomorrow. This event is an excellent opportunity for
                     them to learn about what drives the Alaska economy and how Alaska fits into the
                     international picture.

                    If you've already made a table reservation, why not call and reserve a second table
                    designated for the students? We'll give your company or organization special
                    recognition from the podium during the luncheon and you'll be helping our local
                    students to better understand the dynamics of the Alaskan economy.

                    If you haven 't made your reservation yet, do so today and add a second
                    table to support the students . I can tell you without hesitation that your support
                    will be very much appreciated.

                    Click Here to learn more about this event.

                    Best Regards,

                    Greg Wolf
                    Executive Director

                    To make your table reservation today, please call WTCAK at 278-7233. We accept
                    MasterCard, Visa, American Express and checks. You can also use the convenient
                    registration form provided below and fax to WTCAK at 278- 2982.

                                            Click here to download Registration Form


                                                      "Serving Alaska' s Business Community Since 1987"




                       Forward email



                      ® SafeUnsubscribe
                      This email was sent to governor @gov. state . ak.us , by infoCalwtcak.oro
                      Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribew I Privacy Policy,
                                                                                                          Email Marketing by




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0010024
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                World Trade Center Alaska invites you to attend the 4th Statewide Economic Forecast Lu... Page 3 of 3




                                                                                                      Cons
                                                                                                       TRY IT FREE


                      World Trade Center Alaska 431 W 7th Avenue, Suite 108   Anchorage I AK 199501




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010025
