Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
           Sent:                    Monday, January 14, 2008 2:40 PM
           To,                      govpalin©alaska.gov
           Subject:                 FW: Other


           Just received the magazine - In your reading file for today. Janice



           -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, January 14, 2008 2:36 PM

           To: jpayette@sunlink.net

           Subject: RE: Other



           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your.
           need, suggestion , or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Monday, January 14, 2008 12:26 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Jill Fehr Corney

           address: 565 Mother Lode Loop Hailey ID 83333

            208-788-7088



           MESSAGE:

           Hi Sarah,

           I hope you have time to read this in your busy schedule!



          I am just writing to offer my congratulations on your being appointed Governor of Alaska.
          What a suprise when I opened my U of Idaho alumni magazine and found you in there! I
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010027
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           haven't seen you since you graduated from the University of Idaho in ' 87 but always felt
           you were destined for something great .   I lived in the Towers on the 9th floor, between
           Anne Moore ( RA) and Stacia Crocker for that one year , studying my little heart out for my
           Architecture and Interior Design degrees .   It was so fun. I lost the pictures, but in my
           memory I do recall going to the mall before Christmas to sit with Santa ( you, Stacia,
           Julie Rose and I )  and the Neely Hall Dress-up Dinner. I graduated in '89 and '90 and
           live in the Sun Valley area still married to that Marc guy I was seeing ( also an
           Architect ) working and raising two kids.



           Best Wishes,

           Jill Fehr Corney

           Hailey, Idaho




           jpayette @ sunlink.net




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010028
