Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governorc@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Tuesday, January 15, 2008 3:07 PM
              To:                     natalie.smyre©gmail.com
              Subject:                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Tuesday, January 15, 2008 3:13 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Ms. Natalie Smyre

             address :   8411 Stacey Circle ANCHORAGE AK 99507

              907-349-4970




             MESSAGE:

             Govenor Palin,



             Please see the attached email I sent in support of your wanting to see your son's Basic
             Training graduation . I went to my son ' s and if you have to lady , give the State of the
             State address in the lobby of the Capitol standing on your suitcases .    I for one am
             supporting you!



             Have fun at your son's graduation, and bring a large box of Kleenex and whar waterproof
             mascara , you will need both!



             Sincerely,

             Natalie Smyre

             A proud military wife and mom




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0010054
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Ms. Green,



             I am very disappointed in the way you have been behaving towards our Governor Sarah Palin
             in her attempts to attend her son's Basic Training graduation. As a military wife AND
             mother and painfully aware of what our loved ones have committed to by joining the
             military, we should all be standing up applauding the Palin's on raising such a selfless
             human being in this very selfish world, not attempting to make it an item of personal
             attack against her.



             I attended my son's Basic Training graduation in January 2006 and it was the most moving,
             patriotic experience of my life, I wouldn't have missed it for the world. After going
             through what these young men go through, they need to see their family there supporting
             them and what they have just accomplished. And a mom need to be there to see her son, and
             stand proud of what he has accomplished.



             I urge you to have a little humanity, pushing up the State of the State address by one
             hour so she can be at this life event is a small concession. I for one have more respect
             for her as a woman and a mother then ever, and unfortunately, much less respect for you!



             As a person of your status in this State, I would urge you to put your personal feelings
             aside this Legislative Session and attempt to work as a team and towards what is best for
             the State and its people.




             Natalie Smyre



             natalie.smyre@gmail.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0010055
