Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, January 15, 2008 8:33 AM
              To:                     Iee_ault@alaska.gov
              Subject:                RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.



              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2008 8:28 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. lee ault

             address: pobox 112514 anchorage AK 99511




             MESSAGE:




             Gov. Palin,

             On the way to work this morning, you were the topic of radio conversation. Just wanted to
             let you know, as the mother of a soldier, that you are doing the right thing to give your
             State of the State speech at 6:00 pm. The legislature had plenty of notice, and should
             have been much more obliging. They can get copies of it, or watch their TV stations.
             Your values and your heart are in the right place.

             Sincerely,

             Lee Ault




             lee_ault@alaska.gov




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010104
