Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From:     Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, January 15, 2008 10:53 AM
                  To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Todd Palin; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
                  Subject: Lyda Green refuses to support Alaska's troops


                Lyda Green refuses to support Alaska 's troops
                January 15, 2008

                By Dennis Zaki - Alaska Senate president Lyda Green is trying to block governor Sarah Palin from
                seeing her son graduate boot camp Thursday at Fort Benning, Georgia.

                Palin sent a letter December 18th asking lawmakers to schedule a joint session
                of the House and Senate to hear the speech at 6 pm on the first night of the          0    Right-dick here to
                                                                                                          download pictures. To
                legislative session so Palin could make a 9 pm flight that night to Seattle.              help protect your
                                                                                                          privacy, Outlook
                                                                                                          prevented automatic
                The 6 pm timeslot would allow Palin to catch a flight she had paid for and                download of this
                                                                                                          picture from the
                booked in advance.                                                                        Internet.
                                                                                                          Alaska Senate
                Green claims that the traditional time is 7 pm and it should stay that way.               president Lyda Green
                                                                                                          is trying to block
                                                                                                          governor Sarah Palin
                Senate Majority spokesman              lapdog Jeff Turner claimed the reason the          from seeing her son
                                                                                                          graduate boot camp
                speech can't be at 6 p.m. because the storms over the weekend interfered with             Thursday at Fort
                many of the flights into Juneau and senators would be coming into town
                throughout the day Tuesday. Yet, a check with Alaska Airlines showed over
                150 available seats Monday, and 125 seats available today from Anchorage . That's not counting
                legislators already booked on flights . Turner' s claim is obviously a smokescreen.

                A mother supporting her child at boot camp is as real as it gets.

                Green has some explaining to do to her constituents in Wasilla with family members in the military.

                And support our troops.




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0010136
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 6


                  Unknown
                   From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV-sponsored) [govemor(palaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Wednesday, January 16, 2008 8:07 AM
                  To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Jan. 15-21, 2008



                  From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
                  Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2008 11:06 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Jan. 15-21, 2008

                                            If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                          Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jan. 15-21, 2008


                  HEADLINES...
                  1. Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Project Likely to be idled for a
                     While
                  2. Lakeside Energy Invests in Renewable Energy Partnership
                  3. GE Energy to Double Investments in Renewable Energy
                  4. EnGlobe Begins Search for New CEO
                  5. Veolla ES Solid Waste Acquires Columbus GA Waste Company
                  6. Veolia Environmental Promotes Burke and Adix
                  7. Sonoco Recycling Opens New, Larger Facility in Charleston
                  8. Perma - Fix Completes Sale of Baltimore Industrial Facility for
                     $3.8 Million
                  9. EPA Recognizes Standouts In Landfill Gas to Energy
                  10. Alter Nrg Corp. Sells Plasma Gasification System In Turkey
                  11. Waste Management to Announce 4th Quarter on Feb. 13
                  12. Allied Waste to Announce 4th Quarter on Feb. 14
                  13. Republic Services to Announce 4th Quarter on Feb. 6
                  14. Waste Connections to Announce 4th Quarter on Feb. 11
                  15. Ze-gen, Inc . Gets Additional $ 2.5 Million from Pinnacle
                      Ventures
                  16. NSWMA Launches Radio Ads to Urge Motorists to Slow Down
                      to Get Around .


                   The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                   provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                   please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                   Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



                  Market Radius Reports
                  Focus on Your Market...
                  Market radius reports capture all waste




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0010137
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                            Page 2 of 6




                   operations within a given market . They provide analysis of the major players
                   by market share, and show historical trends of pricing , volume and capacity
                   specific to that area . [ Learn More...]




                   1.    YUCCA MOUNTAIN NUCLEAR WASTE PROJECT LIKELY TO BE
                         IDLED FOR A WHILE
                        The Yucca Mountain nuclear waste project may have to be Idled for a
                        while. Opposition from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-NV and a
                        sharply scaled back budget for the site from Congress will force the
                        project's director Edward F. "Ward" Sproat to layoff workers and may
                        hamper efforts to finish a required license application by June 30.
                        Congress' allocation of $386.5 million to the project for 2008 Is the
                        lowest In years. Already 63 workers in Nevada for Bechtel SAIC, the
                        project's managing contractor have been laid off with many more likely
                        to follow... Read More))


                  2.    LAKESIDE ENERGY INVESTS IN RENEWABLE ENERGY
                        PARTNERSHIP
                        Chicago-based energy company Lakeside Energy LLC announced a
                        significant investment in a renewable energy partnership, Dongara Pellet
                         Plant LP to develop, own and operate renewable energy facilities In North
                        America. Dongara has a patented process to manufacture a clean and
                        renewable engineered fuel product from municipal solid waste. The
                        resulting fuel is expected to be a competitive substitute for fossil fuels
                        and biomass with a heat content of between 10,000 and 12,000 btu/Ib.
                        Dongara currently has one 200,000 ton per year facility under
                        construction in Canada that will begin operating In the second half of
                        2008. Partners in the deal also include Borealis Infrastructure, an
                        Investment entity of Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System
                        (OMERS) which has over Cdn$50 billion in assets... Read More,


                  3.    GE ENERGY TO DOUBLE INVESTMENTS IN RENEWABLE
                        ENERGY
                        Stamford CT-based GE Energy Financial Services, a unit of General
                        Electric Co. raised its 2010 renewable energy investment target by 50%
                        to $6 billion from its prior target of $4 billion. It currently has a $3 billion
                        portfolio. GE also said that it is Investing $300 million in four wind farms
                        owned by Horizon Wind Energy LLC, a Houston wind farm developer. The
                        wind farms, totaling 600 megawatts, are located In Oregon, Minnesota,
                        Illinois and Texas. By 2010, GE expects renewable energy transactions
                        to comprise 20% to 25% of its overall energy and water portfolio, up
                        from about 10% in 2006... Read More


                  4.    ENGLOBE BEGINS SEARCH FOR NEW CEO
                         Leading Canadian environmental services company EnGlobe Corp. said
                        that its President and CEO Tony Busseri is stepping down and resigning
                        as a director by mutual agreement with the company. Busseri lead the
                        restructuring of the former Environmental Management Solutions Inc. He
                        is also a former co-founder and Chairman of Waste Services, Inc.
                        (formerly Capital Environmental Resource, Inc.). Aline Belanger,
                        currently the CFO, has been assigned interim President and CEO while
                        the company and its board seek a replacement... Read More »


                  5·    VEOLIA ES SOLID WASTE ACQUIRES COLUMBUS GA WASTE
                        COMPANY
                        Veolia ES Solid Waste has acquired Columbus GA-based waste collection



                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0010138
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 6


                       company Sandman Inc. Sandman and its 30 employees operate front-
                       load and roll-off waste collection and portable toilet services for
                       commercial customers In Columbus and In the Alabama cities of Auburn,
                       Opelika and Eufaula. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Veolla plans
                       to tuck Sandman's operations into its recently acquired operations in
                       Columbus and internalize the collected waste into the Veolia Taylor
                       County Landfill in Mauk, GA...Read More

                                                      11
                  6.   VEOLIA ENVIRONMENTAL PROMOTES BURKE AND ADIX
                       Veolla Environmental Services North America announced the
                       appointment of Richard Burke as president and CEO of Veolia ES Solid
                       Waste Inc. Burke was initially appointed president and chief operating
                       officer of the company in January 2007. He had previously served as the
                       regional vice president for the eastern and southern markets after
                       originally joining the company in 1999 as an area manager. In addition,
                       Jeff Adix, chief financial officer of Veolla ES Solid Waste, has been
                       appointed to the additional post of senior vice president for the parent
                       company... Read More


                  7.   SONOCO RECYCLING OPENS NEW, LA RGER FACILITY
                                                   LATY IN
                       CHARLESTON
                       Sonoco Recycling, a leading global diversified packaging company is
                       opening a larger more state-of-the-art materials recycling facility in
                       Charleston, S.C. The nearly 30,000 square foot building on a 5-acre site
                       Is expected to be "much more efficient," said Myles Cohen, vice
                       president and general manager of Sonoco Recycling, the Sonoco
                       business unit formerly known as Paper Stock Dealers. "Its additional
                       space and improved productivity will allow us to process and warehouse
                       a larger volume of recyclables than we've been able to handle in the
                       past." The facility will have an annual processing capability of about one-
                       quarter of a billion pounds of recyclable materials... Read More r


                  8.    PERMA- FIX COMPLETES SALE OF BALTIMORE INDUSTRIAL
                       FACILITY FOR $3 . 8 MILLION
                       Perma-Fix Environmental Services Inc. recently completed the sale of
                       one of its industrial segment facilities located in Baltimore, Maryland, to
                       Triumvirate Environmental Inc. for $3.825 million in an all cash
                       transaction. Triumvirate Environmental is a full service environmental
                       management firm headquartered In eastern Massachusetts . Perma-Fix
                       originally signed a letter of intent with Triumvirate in September
                       covering its entire Industrial business segment valued to be $14.2
                       million, after an earlier deal, back in May with EQ - The Environmental
                       Quality Company fell through... Read More))


                                  ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                  Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                  the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to- date and
                  comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                  processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                  powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                  to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills , waste-to-energy plants,
                  materials recovery facilities , construction & demolition landfills , transfer
                  stations , composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                  (Learn More...]


                 9.    EPA RECOGNIZES STANDOUTS IN LANDFILL GAS TO ENERGY



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010139
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 4 of 6


                       The US EPA, during its 11th Annual Landfill Methane Outreach Program
                       Conference, recognized a number of standout landfill projects. Among
                       those noted for "Projects of the Year" are the Greentree Landfill Gas
                       Project in Kersey, PA, the Iris Glen Landfill Gas Project In Johnson City,
                       TN, and the Southeastern Chester County Refuse Authority (SECCRA) in
                       Chester County, PA. Framingham, MA-based Ameresco was recognized
                       as an "Industry Partner" for Its Innovative landfill gas energy projects, 13
                       of which are operational with 9 more under construction. PA-based
                       Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority (GLRA) was hailed as a "Community
                       Partner" for Its efforts to create an educational forum to "empower
                       future leaders with green energy.".. Read More »


                  10. ALTER NRG CORP . SELLS PLASMA GASIFICATION SYSTEM IN
                      TURKEY
                      Calgary-based Alter Nrg Corp. has sold 4 plasma gasification systems for
                      $2 million to Kiplasma Industries and Trade Inc. of Istanbul Turkey.
                      Kiplasma will employ the equipment and design In a plant that will
                      convert 144 tons per day of hazardous wastes into electricity. Alter Nrg
                      uses the plasma torch technology It acquired from Westinghouse Corp.
                      through Its wholly owned subsidiary Westinghouse Plasma Corporation.
                      The sale represents the company's fifth project using the WPC plasma
                      technology. Two facilities have operated in Japan since 2002. Two more
                      are under construction in India... Read More »


                  11. WASTE MANAGEMENT TO ANNOUNCE 4TH QUARTER ON FEB.
                      13
                      Waste Management, Inc. said that they will host a conference call on
                      Wednesday, February 13, 2008 from 9 AM (CT) to discuss fourth quarter
                      and full year 2007 financial results that will be released before the
                      markets open on that same morning... Read More))


                  12, ALLIED WASTE TO ANNOUNCE 4TH QUARTER ON FEB. 14
                      Allied Waste Industries, Inc. announced that It will report financial
                      results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2007, after
                      the close of the stock market on Thursday, February 14, 2008. The
                      Company will host a conference call to discuss those results at 5 p.m.
                      (ET) that afternoon... Read More))


                  13. REPUBLIC SERVICES T-O ANNOUNCE 4TH QUARTER ON FEB. 6
                      Republic Services, Inc. said that they will host a conference call on
                      Wednesday, February 6, 2008 from 8:30 AM (ET) to announce and
                      discuss fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial results .. .Read More »


                  14. WASTE CONNECTIONS TO ANNOUNCE 4TH QUARTER ON FEB.
                      11
                      Waste Connections, Inc. will host a conference call on February 11, 2008
                      at 5 PM (ET) to discuss fourth quarter financial results which are to be
                      released at the close of markets that day.. .Read More ))


                  15 . ii-GEN, INC. GETS ADDITIONAL $ 2.5 MILLION FROM
                       PINNACLE VENTURES
                       Ze-Gen, a Boston based energy company, acquired $2.5 million In
                       funding from Pinnacle Ventures, a private venture capital fund located in
                       California. To date, Ze-gen has raised over $8 million in financing from a
                       range of leading clean energy institutional investors, including Pinnacle
                       Ventures. Ze-gen held a ribbon-cutting ceremony at its large-scale
                       demonstration facility in New Bedford, MA on July 23, 2007 and
                       successfully commenced testing operations in October. The company has




                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010140
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 5 of 6


                      begun development and pre-engineering work on a full-scale commercial
                      facility and is on-track to begin construction of this facility by the end of
                      2008... Read More »


                  16. NSWMA LAUNCHES RADIO ADS TO URGE MOTORISTS TO
                      SLOW DOWN TO GET AROUND
                      The National Solid Wastes Management Association ( NSWMA) has kicked
                      off a radio campaign aimed at raising awareness among motorists of the
                      dangers they pose to sanitation workers when they fail to drive
                      defensively around garbage trucks. The three -week radio ad campaign is
                      rolling out In 10 cities . The ads will be aired during the morning
                      commute hours when accidents tend to occur . They are part of NSWMA's
                      Slow Down to Get Around program that seeks to reduce workplace
                      fatalities and injuries to waste collection employees . The radio ads are
                      being conducted and funded through a grant from the federal
                      Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA )... Read More »


                  Waste Market Overview &              Stxe of the Waste Management 1n dustnt
                                                       Historical and Pro *W
                  Outlook                              the      ds)
                  The Waste Market Overview
                  examines the industry top to
                  bottom covering waste
                  generation, collection,
                  processing, recovery and
                  disposal by revenue and
                  volume. The report details the
                  relationship of past and future
                  pricing to capacity and demand
                  for disposal, and shows the
                  Increasing role of the private
                  sector. Waste equipment and
                  the emerging Importance of e
                  waste, C&D recovery , food wastes , tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  · Market Revenues by Segment
                  · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                  · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                  · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                  · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                  · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                  · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                  · Waste Management Equipment
                  [Learn More...]




                   ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                   CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190
                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0010141
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                     Page 6 of 6



                    UNSUBSCRIBE
                    This email was sent to oftice_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                    info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                    Update Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with
                  { SafeUnsubscribe"" S Privacy Policy.

                    QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                    Email thompson @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                    DISCLAIMER
                   Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                   and are unintentional.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 P RA_G S P01 _0010142
