Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, January 16, 2008 8:26 AM
              To:                      rsheir@apm.org
              Subject:                 RE: Other

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2008 4:57 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Rebecca Sheir

             address : APRN, 3877 University Drive Anchorage AK 99508

               907-550-8453



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:



             Greetings!  My name is Rebecca Sheir and I am the host of "AK," the weekly public affairs
             program on the Alaska Public Radio Network. Each week we focus on a theme; our February
             2nd show will be all about you and your accomplishments in the state over the past year.
             I would be honored and delighted to interview you for this program, so that our listeners
             can hear all about you *from* you!



             I left a message with Sharon Leighow last week, to ask whether you might be interested and
             available.  The interview would be recorded, then aired on the program (i.e. not a live
             broadcast, no people calling in, etc.). If you think you could find a few minutes over
             the next few weeks, I'd be ever appreciative - and I'm sure our listeners would be, too!



             Thank you so much for your time and attention. I look forward to hearing back from you.



             All the best,

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0010145
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Rebecca Sheir

              Host / Associate Producer, "AK"

              Alaska Public Radio Network

              e: rebecca@akradio.org

              t: 907 . 550.8453

              f: 907 . 550.8401

              www.AKradio.org




              rsheir@aprn.org




                                                          2
