Unknown
From:                    Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Friday, April 18, 2008 4:29 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From : WebMail@ gov.state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state. ak.us]

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 2:07 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Robin Hill

address : 1420 W. Ridgeview Drive Wasilla AK 99654




MESSAGE:

I just read the press release regarding the birth of your son; congratulations! It was mentioned that
you knew through early testing he would face special challenges. I'm not sure this is the best forum
for a personal email, but here goes.



My husband and I have a (almost) 20 year old son who experiences a seizure disorder, autism, and
cognitive delays and I just wanted to offer encouragement and support, if that is possible or needed.



We believe all children are a blessing from God. Then or now we would have never tried to change
the situation or prevent it from happening. It's been extremely difficult as the little family and friend
support network we had disappeared as the challenges grew; there have been highs and lows, but
our faith never faltered and in the struggles something powerful happened. We learned to thankfully
accept our child as a gift even though there have been times we didn't understand what the purpose
                                                     i
                                                                                     ROSTON 02025




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
in it was and we accepted the situation as teaching us something that we would have otherwise not
learned.



Now that we are nearing the end of full time parenting -- our son will be transitioning to living in the
community as independently as possible sometime later this year -- we are thankful; what we went
through produced something special in our own lives and we are proud of what we have
accomplished. It may be harder to be a parent of a child with special needs, but that only makes the
rewards greater.



Congratulations again , and God Bless you and your family.




willynilly@alaska.com




                                                    2                                ROSTON 02026




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
