Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From:     Katie Mangelsdorf [katiem@mtaonline.net]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, January 16 , 2008 8:47 AM
                  To:       Prax; Emest-(LAA)
                  Cc:     Fairdough ; Anna (LAA); Shier; Patrick J (DOA); Miller; Freda L (DOA); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA); Barb
                          Boidrin ; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); Rep. John Harris; Dyson ; Fred (LAA)
                 Subject: Re: Alaska Long Term Care and Maxim
                 Good morning , Ernest,

                 I am sorry it has taken me so long to respond to you inquiry. Sadly, our mom passed away on January 7.
                 She will now be joining the ranks of those State of Alaska retirees who have moved on without receiving
                 the financial support they had paid into for years to cover their long term care costs in their homes. My
                 heart aches that so much time has had and still has to be spent on trying to get the insurance coverage
                 from the State that they paid for and rightly deserve!

                 Thankfully, Maxim has finally, after untold hours and hours of phone calls with the State, Premera,
                 PremeralLong Term Care Group, and with Maxim and the collection agency folks, has received full
                 coverage for their care for both Mom and Dad. We are most grateful.

                 However, there is still the matter of 49 days ( $3,675 ) for Mom that has not been paid for Mom's care with
                 Comfort Keepers. The beginning of the 90 day deductible was to have begun on December 15, 2006, as
                 per letter dated Dec. 26, 2006, and after which payment should have begun but did not.

                 I would like to fax to you the letters we have finally received and the Ded. 26 letter. Would you please
                 send me your fax number.

                 Thank you for following this issue for my parents!! It is nice to know there are two listening ears in
                 Juneau. Please thank Sen. Therriault for me. Rep. Fairclough's office is also listening.

                 Have a good day.

                 Katie Mangelsdorf
                 746-3234

                  -- Original Message
                  From : Ernest Prax
                  To: Katie Mangelsdorf
                  Cc: Heather Brakes
                  Sent: Friday, January 04, 2008 12:19 PM
                  Subject: RE: Alaska Long Term Care and Maxim

                  Katie,

                  I am just checking in to see if you have received the letter from Retirement and Benefits. If you are
                  willing, please email it to me or if it is a hard copy, fax it to our Juneau office to my attention at 465-
                  3884.
                  Thank you for keeping Sen. Therriault's office in the loop.

                  Ernest Prax
                  Staff to Sen. Therriault
                  488-0857

                  From : Katie Mangelsdorf [katlem@mtaonline.net]
                  Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2007 11:04 PM



                 10/29/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA_GSPOI_0010152
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


                   To: Ernest Prax
                   Subject: Re: Alaska Long Term Care and Maxim

                   Dear Ernst,

                  Thank you very much for tracking all of this . My greatest hope is to resolve this for our parents ANQ ultimately
                  help fix this broken system we have for our elders who want to use their Long Term Care policy to stay in their
                  own homes. I know few have pursued their issues as far as we have . Many have just given up . But we can't
                  give up. There is a solution , but I think we will have to think outside the box, if you will, to find the answer. I
                  think it will take a great deal of courage and vision on the part of the State to impliment something that will really
                  benefit our retirees and I am most grateful that Sen. Therriault and his office staff seem to be showing these
                  qualities.

                  I have not received that letter as yet. Perhaps they put it in the mail . In any case , when I get it I will send you a
                  copy. Do you have a fax, if it comes by mail?

                  Thank you again.

                  Katie Mangelsdorf
                  746-3234

                    --- Original Message
                    From : Ernest Prax
                    To: Katie Manaelsdorf
                    Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2007 5:29 PM
                    Subject: Alaska Long Term Care and Maxim

                    Katie,

                    I understand that Freda and Pat have sent the letter to you as promised . Would you be willing to sent Sen.
                    Therriault a copy? Can it be sent via email? I am receiving the correspondence between all of you , so we are
                    still following your situation.

                    Thanks,

                    Ernest Prax
                    Staff to Sen. Therriault
                    488-0857




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0010153
