Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor©alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 16, 2008 8:15 AM
             To:                      roger. ridenour@us .army.mil
             Subject:                 RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Tuesday, January 15, 2008 8:15 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. Roger Ridenour

             address :   2705 Dagan Cir NPAK AK 99705

              488 8481




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Sarah,



             We pray for you and your family often.



             I'm sorry to take up some of your time but I need to let you know what I'm thinking.



            I am   an Alaska resident and I think you should go ahead to your son's graduation when you
            need   to.  I'm sorry you have to deal with other short-sighted, small-minded, Alaskans who
            have   such poor people skills. I remember nearly 20 years ago when my wife and daughter
            came   to my basic training grad. I was very proud to stand in formation and be known from
            then   on as a defender of America just like my dad, uncles, and grandfathers before me.



            Our country owes a great debt to all its active and veteran military members. Being in
            the military makes one more than just a citizen but a protecter of the ideals as well as
            all the citizens.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010148
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I know being a good christian means I must show the love of Christ to all but at times it
              is necessary to consider family equal to everyone else and not just personal. Would this
              politician have appreciated you attending her sons' grad from basic training? I think so!



              I assume since wanting to join the infantry Track went to Benning for basic. Enjoy Ga.
              My youngest son Thomas was born near Atlanta while I was serving at Ft. McPherson in 1992.



              Have fun on your trip.      Georgia's pretty confortable this time of year.



              Praying for you all,



              Roger, Jill, Katie, Daniel, Jeremy and Thomas

              North Pole




             roger.ridenour@us.army.mil




                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0010149
