Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.govj
              Sent:                   Wednesday, January 16, 2008 9:12 AM
             To:                      prax@acsalaska.net
             Subject :                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion , or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 2:59 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Philip Prax

             address :   998 Trianon Dr Fairbanks AK 99712

              907-322-6930



             MESSAGE:

             Hello,



             Once gain you are right on the mark!!



             Your letter to the editor in the ADN on Sunday the 13th about earmarks and the fact that
             they are dwindling is to the point . I was thinking last week , when the budget surplus was
             being talked about , that if the legislature gets its way the surplus will be gone before
             we see it if nothing changes.



             I applaud your response in stating that we ' ll ask for something when its needed. If we
             continue down this track and set a good example as you suggest , maybe other states will
             follow.



            With the national debt being $9.2 Trillion dollars and growing at the rate of $1.47
            billion per day, some one must start the trend against spending like a drunken sailor.
            Each citizen ' s share of this debt is $30 , 260.81 and it grows at the rate of about
            $4.90/day.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010176
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              When Lisa Murkowski brags that she brought $6 back to the State of AK for each $1 in
              Federal taxes that we paid I think she ought to be held accountable for it. If you and I
              spend money in this manner by writing checks until we run out of checks instead of
              balancing our checkbook, we are held criminally liable.



              Please, for the sake of all send your message to Lisa and Uncles Ted & Don that we can no
              longer afford their spending habits.



              Keep up the good work

              You most definitely have my support.

              Sincerely,

              Philip Prax



             praxoacsalaska.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0010177
