Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From:     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, January 16, 2008 1:14 PM
                 To:       'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Native Issues Forum/Today Juneau

               Dear Governor Palin,
                   I attended the Native Issues Forum today at lunch which featured as speakers: Sen. Elton and Judge
               Pallenberg . Judge Pallenberg gave a fairly general talk . Sen. Elton used the opportunity to talk about general
               three SE issues and your administration. There were about eighty people in attendance.
                   1) Elton said "I never thought I would miss Robin Taylor being in charge of the ferry system" He said "We
               have a DOT comm.. who is disinterested at best" about the ferry system. He criticized the Deputy Comm. In
               charge of the ferries and the advisory board and claimed they are acting to please people "up North'. He said the
               solution is probably to disconnect the ferry governance from DOT and set it on a footing similar to the Alaska
               Railroad.
                   2) Elton also then went after the jobs leaving Juneau under this administration. He said 140 high paying jobs
               have already left and it is very bad for the economy and the people of SE Alaska. He is going to urge you to
               adopt his proposal that you personally sign off on any job that is moved out of Juneau. He said while the
               Governor has stated the "star" should remain in Juneau he is worried that the attrition of jobs will slowly knock the
               edges off the start and turn it into a "bullet hole".
                   3) Elton then spoke very highly of Comm. Schmidt and Corrections. He said there is a person who
               understands the "corrections" aspect of the jail system.

                  Talis




              8/25/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010181
