Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Wednesday, January 16, 2008 10:18 AM
             To:                     Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
             Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: follow-up to your msg

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             --    -Original Message-----

            From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kellyealaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 16 Jan 2008 09:58:28

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: follow-up to your msg




            Governor,

            I don't want to read anything into these a-mails - realizing that the true intent of a
            message can be lost sometimes. Is this a criticism of how I handled the recent situation
            with the House/Senate? If so, I'm willing to listen to what you think I might have done
            wrong.  If that's not the case, disregard this e-mail. Hope the travels are going well.
            Don't sweat the minor criticisms of the speech last night. The average Joe could actually
            understand it and appreciated it. Some legislators feel the need to be negative - that
            doesn't change - apparently.

            Russ




            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarahoyahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 9:30 AM

            To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);.Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Kelly,
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0010162
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Russell T ( GOV); Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV); Leschper , Beth (GOV)

             Cc: Nizich , Michael A ( GOV); Ruaro , Randall P (GOV)

             Subject : Fw: follow - up to your msg


             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From : gov.sarahoyahoo.com



             Date : Wed, 16 Jan 2008 18:13:53

             To:"Ivy Frye " < ivy.frye@alaska . gov>,"K Perry " < kris . perry@alaska . gov>,"Todd"
             <fek9wnr@yahoo . com>,"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject : Re: follow - up to your msg




             Thank you Ivy. The press does buy into the leggies inaccurate portrayal of "doesn't
             communicate " - what was our muscommunication cause all last session , and now starting this
             session?  It was Bitney.



           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                  2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0010163
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Have a great day and thank you!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 16 Jan.2008 09:00:29

             To: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com,Todd Palin
             <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>, frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject: FW: follow-up to your msg




             From :   Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent : Wednesday , January 16,    2008 8:59 AM

              To: 'Quinn,    Steve'

              Subject: follow-up to your msg



            No, Steve I don't agree. You think because the governor was able to give a speech
            yesterday it should excuse the behavior of the Legislature. I disagree. The governor
            should not be accused of mis-communicating (again!) with the Legislature when she
            transmitted her request to them in December. John Bitney knew then that Track was
            graduating from infantry training and instead of drafting a letter to send to the Senate
            with the requested time in it he sent a letter that said 7:00 pm. The miscommunication is
            on behalf of the House via John Bitney.



            Furthermore, the Senate said that they were sticking with 7:00 because it was the
            "traditional" start time and so Lyda could allow time for her members to arrive in Juneau.
              WHY would she then propose a 4:00 pm start time-how would an early time leave room for
            her members to file in? Then in this morning's ADN article Cockerham said the governor
            "bristled" at Lyda's implication of "accommodating her personal schedule." The governor
            did everything in her power to COMMUNICATE and ACCOMMODATE the Legislature, and she's
            still blamed for the miscommunication?  Does she need to copy the media on every
                                                                 3




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010164
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             transmittal letter to the Legislature to show how well she actually communicates? I mean
             Steve, she's the governor. She's a natural, God-Given, communicator. And you, having sat
             down with her so many times, know how gracious she is with her time, how accommodating she
             is, and how well she articulates her message.



             Just my $.02. I respect your objectiveness, and the way you capture the essence of the
             governor' s message in your articles; however, I will continue to hold your feet to the
             fire. I know you wouldn't expect anything less from me. And, I extend the same courtesy to
             you-if you see me inaccurately describing something, or if you think I'm ever off base
             just let me know. I can handle the constructive criticism and can stand to hear another
             point of view.



             Thanks,



             Ivy




                                                         4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0010165
