Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 16, 2008 9:09 AM
             To:                      scottu21072@yahoo.com
             Subject :                RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 4:42 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. Scott Ungerecht

             address: 1904 H Avenue, Apartment D-2 La Grande OR 97850

              541-963-8161



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,



            As a former 30-year resident of the state of Alaska, and as a current honorable United
            States Army veteran, I want to be the first of many to offer my sincere congratulations on
            the successful graduation of your son, Private Track Palin, from his United States Army
            basic combat training at Fort Benning, Georgia.



            I am sure the entire Palin family is extremely proud of your son's first important
            achievement as a soldier in the United States Army. I know that Private Track Palin has
            accomplished a very challenging and wonderful journey from private citizen to that of an
            official United States Army soldier.



            After graduating from his basic combat training, Private Palin will now face his second
            challenging step in the United States Army by accomplishing his Advanced Individual
            Training (AIT). AIT will soon prepare your son for his Military Occupation Specialty and
            his future career as a soldier in the United States Army.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010178
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I have every confidence that Private Palin will perform his duties as a soldier with
              sincere dedication , heart, loyalty and selfless - service and with the ultimate warrior
              spirit that is embolden in every honorable soldier currently serving in the United States
              Army today.



              Along with my congratulations for your son' s success in the United States Army, I would
              also like to offer my sincere congratulations on the success of your 2008 State of the
              State Address, which I had the opportunity to read on your official Alaska state governor
              website at http://gov.state.ak.us,



              After reading your State of the State Address, I would like to sincerely commend you for
              both your excellent leadership and your unwavering dedication to excellence in both
              addressing and assisting the state government needs of Alaska ' s citizens.



             Your visionary leadership , combined with your sincere concerns for the overall health and
             welfare of both the state of Alaska and its citizens is both extremely honorable and
             commendable.



             In addition, I would like to take this opportunity and say that your positive leadership
             and excellent moral and ethical examples as governor of Alaska in 2007 has greatly
             assisted in providing me with a basic role model foundation in my professional life that I
             greatly admired with the utmost respect.



             The basic role model foundation , that I have seen from your excellent moral and ethical
             examples as governor of Alaska , has provide'me with a unique set of professional and
             highly ethical guidelines that I have used to assist me with developing the start of my
             own successful self - employment business as an Adventure Digital Photographer in La Grande,
             Oregon.



             Some important examples of what I have seen as the basis of your positive leadership and
             excellent moral and ethical examples as governor of Alaska include the following:



             1. Your willingness to always continually do what is ethically and morally right for the
             greater good of Alaska and its citizens.



             2. Your unswerving dedication to the truth and to be honest with both news media
             journalists and the people of Alaska concerning any questions or problems concerning the
             state of Alaska or the Palin administration.



             3. Your honorable dedication to your family and especially the honorable success of your
             son and his professional accomplishments as a new soldier in the United States Army.



             4. Your extremely positive outlook for the future of Alaska and its people while never
             faltering in continually addressing the concerns of those Alaskans who call upon the state
             of Alaska for both emergency assistance and general daily assistance.


                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010179
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I would like to sincerely thank you for not only providing positive and excellent
             leadership as governor of Alaska , but for also providing to other American citizens, such
             as myself , a basic role model foundation in which to always strive for excellence in
             leadership , moral ethics , honesty and the truth in both personal and professional
             occupations.



             I wish yourself , your family and especially Private Track Palin , the very best in good
             health and happy positive spirits. I also look forward to visiting your official Alaska
             governor website often so I can stay updated with what is occurring in my home state every
             month . Thank you.



             Sincerely,

             Scott Alan Ungerecht

             1904 H Avenue

             Apartment D-2

             L,a Grande ,   Oregon 97850

             Phone :   541-963-8161

             Email : scottu2l072 @yahoo.com



             Scott Ungerecht ' s Photography Business Website Lens:

             http :// squidoo . com/mister_scott



            Scott Ungerecht ' s U.S. Army Public Profile:

            https :// www.usarmyregistry . org/registry /plaque.aspx?honoreelD=51170



            scottu2lO72@yahoo.com




                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0010180
