Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, January 16, 2008 9:14 AM
              To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Todd; Frank Bailey
              Subject :               Re: follow-up to your msg


              Thank you Ivy. The press does buy into the leggies inaccurate portrayal of "doesn't
              communicate" - what was our muscommunication cause all last session, and now starting this
              session?  It was Bitney.



             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Have a great day and thank you!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 16 Jan 2008 09:00:29

             To:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, gov.sarah@yahoo.com,Todd Palin
             <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>, frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject: FW: follow-up to your msg




                                                                     i




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0010174
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From : Frye ,   Ivy J (DOA)

              Sent : Wednesday , January 16 , 2008 8:59 AM

              To: 'Quinn , Steve'

              Subject : follow-up to your msg



             No, Steve I don't agree . You think because the governor was able to give a speech
             yesterday it should excuse the behavior of the Legislature .     I disagree.  The governor
             should not be accused of mis - communicating ( again !) with the Legislature when she
             transmitted her request to them in December .    John Bitney knew then that Track was
             graduating from infantry training and instead of drafting a letter to send to the Senate
             with the requested time in it he sent a letter that said 7:00 pm .     The miscommunication is
             on behalf of the House via John Bitney.



             Furthermore , the Senate said that they were sticking with 7:00 because it was the
             " traditional " start time and so Lyda could allow time for her members to arrive in Juneau.
                WHY would she then propose a 4:00 pm start time -how would an early time leave room for
             her members to file in ? Then in this morning ' s ADN article Cockerham said the governor
             "bristled" at Lyda ' s implication of "accommodating her personal schedule ."   The governor
             did everything in her power to COMMUNICATE and ACCOMMODATE the Legislature , and she's
             still blamed for the miscommunication ? Does she need to copy the media on every
             transmittal letter to the Legislature to show how well she actually communicates? I mean
             Steve , she's the governor .  She's a natural , God-Given , communicator . And you, having sat
             down with her so many times, know how gracious she is with her time , how accommodating she
             is, and how well she articulates her message.



            Just my $.02. I respect your objectiveness, and the way you capture the essence of the
            governor' s message in your articles; however, I will continue to hold your feet to the
            fire. I know you wouldn't expect anything less from me. And, I extend the same courtesy to
            you-if you see me inaccurately describing something, or if you think I'm ever off base
            just let me know. I can handle the constructive criticism and can stand to hear another
            point of view.



            Thanks,



            Ivy




                                                             2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0010175
