Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 1 of 4



                 Unknown

                 From :    John Katz [jwkatz@)kLASKADC.org]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, January 16, 2008 5:34 AM
                 To:       Governor Sarah Patin
                 Cc:      Kris Perry
                 Subject: PAC-WestAlaska Funding

                I thought that you might want to see the article below with its unfortunate
                references to previous Alaska funding and PAC-West.
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               OIL AND GAS: Industry group links Utah wilderness bill, congressman with
               terrorism (01 / 16/2008)

               Dan Berman , E&E Daily senior reporter

               Last week, over 160,000 Utah residents received an e-mail letter indirectly
               comparing a New York congressman to some of the most infamous men in the
               world.

               Along with mug shots of Osama bin Laden, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and
               Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad appeared a photo of Rep. Maurice
               Hinchey (D-N.Y.).

               Hinchey' s crime? Sponsoring the Red Rock Wilderness Act, a bill that would set
               aside 9. 4 million acres of public land in Utah as wilderness.

               The letter was attributed to Utah state GOP Reps. Aaron Tilton and Mike Noel, but it
               was the brainchild of Americans for American Energy, a Colorado-based industry
               group that has accepted money from, among others, the state of Alaska.



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010189
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4


               The Red Rock Wilderness Act will "WEAKEN America," the letter states. "How?
               Because it will hamstring our ability to produce American energy right here in Utah.
               That leads America to become more dependent on energy from hostile foreign
               nations -- some of whom fund terrorist organizations that are right now targeting
               our American men and women in uniform."

               An online version of the letter and corresponding Web site go further, for instance
               with a picture of bin Laden, Chavez and Ahmadinejad. "These terror leaders also
               want America to continue its foreign oil dependence," reads the caption underneath
               the graphic.

               Hinchey shrugged off the AAE campaign. "It's ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous," he
               told E&E Daily.

               "It's just funny because you can't take it seriously," Hinchey said. "They want people
               to take it seriously, they want to pretend it's serious, but it's not."

               Environmental groups appeared more concerned. "It's putting elected officials in our
               democracy and lumping them with Osama bin Laden because these politicians do
               not support opening up additional areas to oil and gas drilling," said Tyson Slocum,
               director of Public Citizen's energy program. "It's not education, it's defamation."

               Steve Bloch, attorney for another of AAE's targets, the Southern Utah Wilderness
               Alliance (SUWA), said the message is deplorable.

               "It clearly is intended to incite, and using this extreme language that is part of the
               reason AAE has been panned by so many state and local governments and even
               members of industry across the West," Bloch said. "To equate SUWA's work and the
               efforts of over 160 members of Congress to terrorism is simply beyond the pale."

               AAE President and CEO Greg Schnacke defended the link between wilderness
               designations and terrorism.

               "I don't think it crosses that line or any line that's inappropriate," Schnacke said.
               "What the campaign highlights is the growing disconnect in this country between
               politicians that are trying to enact policies that are in our view very hurtful to the
               U.S. economy by hamstringing our ability to produce energy at home."

               When domestic production slows, Schnacke said, "We have to import more, and
               some of that money does go to governments in unfriendly countries, and some of
               that money does flow through to terrorist organizations and that is a fact of life."

               Who are the Americans for American Energy?

               Founded in 2005, AAE is run out of the offices of Golden, Colo.-based Policy
               Communications, led by president Jim Sims.

               "We are a nonprofit advocacy group that educates and activates citizens on a wide
               range of American energy issues," Sims said. "We do education outreach on virtually


               8/26/2009


                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0010190
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                      Page 3 of 4


                every type of domestic energy resources, from oil and gas to nuclear to methane
                hydrates to energy efficiency. We have a little bit of everything."

                Policy Communications provides staff and office space for AAE on a contract basis,
                but it also provides the group with reach it might not otherwise have. Sims is also
                president and CEO of the Western Business Roundtable and previously served as
                director of communications for Vice President Dick Cheney's energy policy task
                force.

                AAE president Schnacke is also listed as a senior vice president of Policy
                Communications.

                But with its opaque title and heated message, Americans for American Energy is a
                "classic front group," said Sheldon Rampton, research director for the Center for
                Media & Democracy.

                "Bringing the whole 'America is at war' thing is an example of distracting attention
                from what they want to do, which is to drill for oil, and bringing in a red-herring
                issue," Rampton said. "They're as typical an example of a front group as you'll find."

                Hinchey said the name doesn't fool him. "We know what they are, they're a right-
                wing lobbying group that is focused on corporate profits for the oil companies," he
                said.

                How much support the oil industry gives is another question. As a 501(c)(4) non-
                profit, AAE does not have to list its contributors. "We don't disclose our funders, just
                like the Sierra Club," Schnacke said.

               AAE reported income of $165,000 to the Internal Revenue Service in 2006, and
               expenditures of about $140,000.

               The organization has received some money from the state of Alaska through
               Pac/West Communications, although Sims would not say how much. In 2006, the
               state paid Pac/West $3 million for a marketing campaign meant to pressure
               lawmakers who are against drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge; Pac/West
               used AAE as a subcontractor.

               "Americans for American Energy gets its support, both financial and in-kind, from
               thousands of individuals, companies and associations," Sims said. "Our contributor
               list now numbers in the thousands."

               Slow going on Capitol Hill

               Ironically, the AAE letter could raise the profile of the Red Rock Wilderness bill in
               Congress.

               The wilderness bill would prohibit motorized activities such as off-road vehicle use,
               oil and gas drilling, and mining in areas including the Grand Staircase-Escalante
               National Monument, Capitol Reef National Park, Canyonlands National Park, Glen



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0010191
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 4 of 4


                Canyon National Recreation Area, and other federal lands in Utah where energy or
                other development pressures exist, according to the sponsors.

                Hinchey introduced the latest incarnation, H.R. 1919 , last spring. Sen. Dick Durbin
                (D-Ill.) is the lead sponsor of the companion measure, S. 1170.

                Pegged by AAE as a "radical New Yorker," Hinchey said his involvement in the bill
                stems from a request by the late Rep. Wayne Owens (D-Utah), who first introduced
                the measure in 1989.

                "There are an awful lot of people in Utah who support this bill," Hinchey said.

                The bills are supported by over 240 environmental groups and 171 co-sponsors, but
                the Utah congressional delegation is not on board (E(%E Dail , April 19). No hearing
                on the measure is scheduled in either chamber.

                While the bill is pending in Congress, Sims said SUWA and others are attempting to
                pressure the Bureau of Land Management to change resource management plans in
                Utah to include de facto wilderness designations. Only Congress can designate
                wilderness, _and Sims says BLM is being driven to place lands off limits without
                cause.

                Despite the acrimony, Sims left the door open for a compromise at some point, so
                long as the state's congressional delegation is involved.

                "There probably is a deal to be made on wilderness lands in Utah, but if
                representatives from the state of Utah aren't part of that process, the chance for the
                support in Utah is very remote," Sims said.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0010192
