Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                    Unknown

                    From :   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                    Sent:    Wednesday, January 16, 2008 10:22 AM
                    To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Todd Palin; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); frank bailey
                    Subject: FW: follow-up to your msg

                Steve speaks with brevity, but I think he sees where we're coming from.
                See you all soon,
                Ivy


               From : Quinn, Steve [mailto:squinn@ap.org]
               Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 10:18 AM
               To: Frye, Ivy 3 (DOA)
               Subject: RE: follow-up to your msg

               You see things with greater clarity as well as passion.

               You .02 is always welcome. Always.

               Talk to you later, Ivy J.

               :)


               From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [mailto:ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
               Sent: Wednesday, January 16, 2008 8:59 AM
               To: Quinn, Steve
               Subject : follow-up to your msg

               No, Steve I don't agree . You think because the governor was able to give a speech yesterday it should excuse
               the behavior of the Legislature . I disagree . The governor should not be accused of mis -communicating (again!)
               with the Legislature when she transmitted her request to them in December . John Bitney knew then that Track
               was graduating from infantry training and instead of drafting a letter to send to the Senate with the requested time
               in it he sent a letter that said 7 :00 pm. The miscommunication is on behalf of the House via John Bitney.

               Furthermore , the Senate said that they were sticking with 7: 00 because it was the "traditional " start time and so
               Lyda could allow time for her members to arrive in Juneau. WHY would she then propose a 4:00 pm start time-
               how would an early time leave room for her members to file in? Then in this morning's ADN article Cockerham
               said the governor " bristled " at Lyda's implication of " accommodating her personal schedule." The governor did
               everything in her power to COMMUNICATE and ACCOMMODATE the Legislature , and she's still blamed for the
               miscommunication ? Does she need to copy the media on every transmittal letter to the Legislature to show how
               well she actually communicates ? I mean Steve , she's the governor. She's a natural, God-Given , communicator.
               And you, having sat down with her so many times , know how gracious she is with her time, how accommodating
               she is, and how well she articulates her message.

               Just my $.02. 1 respect your objectiveness, and the way you capture the essence of the governors message in
               your articles; however, I will continue to hold your feet to the fire. I know you wouldn't expect anything less from
               me. And, I extend the same courtesy to you-if you see me inaccurately describing something, or if you think I'm
               ever off base just let me know. I can handle the constructive criticism and can stand to hear another point of
               view.

               Thanks,




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0010186
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                Ivy




               The information contained in this communication is intended for the use
               of the designated recipients named above . If the reader of this
               communication is not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified
               that you have received this communication in error, and that any review,
               dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly
               prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please
               notify The Associated Press immediately by telephone at +1-212-621-1898
               and delete this email. Thank you.
                [IP US DISC)
               msk dccc60c6d2c3a6438f0cf467d9a4938




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0010187
