Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, January 17, 2008 1:42 PM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Save the Date, Register Now for the Center's National Symposium



                From: CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
                Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 12:15 PM
                Subject: Save the Date, Register Now for the Center's National Symposium




                     2008 NATIONAL SYMPOSIUM
                     Research to Roadmap:
                     Accelerating the Growth of
                     Businesses Owned by
                     Women of Color


                     May 6- 7, 2008
                     Omni Shoreham
                     Washington, D.C.


                     Symposium Co-chairs:

                     Dr. Faye E. Coleman , President & CEO
                     Westover Consultants, Inc.
                     Maria de Lourdes Sobrino, Founder & CEO
                     Lulu's Dessert Corp.


                     Join over 300 leading women business owners, policy makers,
                     corporate executives, and non-profit leaders at this first-of-its-kind
                     National Symposium where the Center for Women's Business Research
                     will share the preliminary results from its three-year, groundbreaking
                     study, Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of
                     Color.

                     Don't miss this opportunity to understand why this research is so
                     important and what the calls to action are for leaders in every sector.
                     Register now.

                     Reserve May 6th and 7th for this exciting event.

                    Many thanks to our corporate chair:




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0010194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2




                     Saonsorshio Opportunities Available

                     The Center for Women 's Business Research provides data -driven
                     knowledge that advances the economic , social and political impact of
                     women business owners and their enterprises . We do this by setting
                     the national agenda ; creating Insight on the status and achievements
                     of women business owners ; altering perceptions about the economic
                     viability and progress of women-owned enterprises ; and driving
                     awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business
                     sector. Find out more online at www .womensbusinessresearch.ora.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010195
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Dear ERIC Contributor                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, January 17, 2008 8:31 AM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: ERIC Digitization Project




                From : Eric.permissions [mailto:eric.permissions@NAPUBCO.COM]
                Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:38 AM
                To., sarah.palin@gov.state.ak.us; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: ERIC Digitization Project




                Dear ERIC Contributor,

                The Education Resources Information Center (ERIC), on behalf of the Institute of Education Sciences
                (IES) of the U.S. Department of Education, is reformatting its collection of previously submitted papers,
                reports and documents from microfiche format to digital (go to: www.eric.ed.gov and click on ERIC
                Microfiche Digitization for more information).

                As an author, publisher or sponsor, ERIC seeks your permission to post and disseminate digital copies of
                your documents. In the case of a work of joint authorship, approval by any one of the contributors/authors
                is sufficient. As with all ERIC content, access to these documents will be free and open to the general
                public through the ERIC database (www.eric.ed.gov).

                The following link provides a listing of those documents that have been previously submitted to ERIC by
                you or your organization. Please click on the link to go the ERIC Online Permission Form. Review the
                listing of documents, mark each document where you are granting permission, and click on the 'Submit
                button to complete the process.

                http://61.8.147.39/EricWebPermission/OnlineResponse. asox

                As an alternative we have attached a spreadsheet file with the same information. Please review the list
                and mark all the documents where you grant permission for ERIC to post a digital copy. Once you have
                verified the information in the spreadsheet and made any changes, please email the updated spreadsheet
                to:

                enc.oermissions(napubco.com

                National Archive Publishing Company (www.napubco.com) is working as a contractor to the Department
                of Education on this project.

                If you have difficulties opening the attached spreadsheet or have any questions on the project, please
                contact Jeff Moyer at 1-800-420-6272 Extn. 6595 orjmoyer@napubco.com.

                Thank you for your continued support of the ERIC project.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010196
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Dear ERIC Contributor                                                                     Page 2 of 2



                 Jeff Moyer
                 National Archive Publishing Company
                 300 North Zeeb Road
                 Ann Arbor, Michigan 48106-0998




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSPOI_0010197
