Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Crome, Cora J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=CJCROME]
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 17, 2008 7:07 PM
              To:                      'ftb907@yahoo. com'; 'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
              Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Paul Schadura - Upper Cook Inlet Folks


              Frank,

              When I said that we had decided a few months back not to respond to a letter that was
              extremely confrontational , I was referring to one particular letter from this same group
              of folks that we received back in April .  At that time , I thought it was better to call
              them directly and try to reassure them about their concerns than draft a written response.
              Sometimes a phone call and some personal contact goes a long way with fishermen and is
              more effective than a written response .  As I said , I plan to deal with this letter in the
              same way.

              I just didn ' t want you to have the impression that we have a policy of not responding to
              letters that have a confrontational tone . I just meant that sometimes if I get a letter
              like that , particularly from these guys , I just call instead.

              Thanks!

              Cora



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             To: ExternalEmailgsp

             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV)

             Sent: Thu Jan 17 18:29:27 2008

             Subject: Paul Schadura - Upper Cook Inlet Folks



             I spoke with Cora today re: Paul Schadura of the Penninsula who approached you at the Capt
             Cook event . She's working on a response to him and will deliver it via phone rather than
             in writing.



             The tone of the letter had folks in Juneau scratching their heads as to how (or whether)
             to respond productively.



             As far as not receiving a response , there was an informal decision made some months back
             not to respond to folks who spoke in a rough term about the Governor or the
             Administration . I expressed my opinion keeping the communication lines open is best,
             regardless of the tone.




                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010199
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Cora can brief you on their issues better if you want that.


                                         L-
              Hope this helps!



              F




                                                                  2
