Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                      Thursday, January 17, 2008 4:01 PM
              To:                        Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
              Cc:                        Mason; Janice L (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject:                   Re: Invitation to McNeil River Bear Sanctuary

              Absolutely - this sounds great! July 25- sounds best, as we'll make sure not to miss the
              Nushagak run earlier in July. Thanks! Todd's excited about it too

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Lloyd, Denby S    ( DFG)" <denby . lloyd@alaska.gov>



              Date : Thu, 17 Jan 2008 15:00:32

              To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Cc:"Mason , Janice L ( GOV)" <janice . mason@alaska . gov>,"Nizich , Michael A (GOV)"
              <mike . nizich@alaska . gov>,"Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Invitation to McNeil River Bear Sanctuary




             Governor:



             Based on some previous discussions, I'm extending an invitation for you,

             Tod, and two guests (e.g., your parents) to visit the McNeil River Bear

             Sanctuary this coming summer.



             There are preferred dates, given the seasonal behavior of bears around

             the falls.     Also, access is strictly controlled through allowable

             numbers of people permitted in the area at any one time, in order to

             provide predictable human presence to the local bears. Most permits are

             issued to the public through an application and drawing process. I am

             allowed, however, to issue a limited number of permits on my own

             authority for special purposes.




                                                                      1




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0010201
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Given all this,    there are two time periods that it would be best for you

              to choose from :    July 25- 28 (preferred ) or July 13-16.



              Also, because I am limited to issuing only three permits at any one

              time, we would have to designate you (or Tod)        as state staff ,   in order

              to keep total group size to the control levels.



              You could pick one or the other of these time periods, and you could

              stay for the full four days or some smaller portion thereof. Logistics

              center around flying out of Homer via small plane; also, conditions are

              rustic (tents or perhaps the tool shed for lodging; camp cooking). we

              can plan all this for you.



              Please let me know if you'd like to make this trip. If you don't, I'd

             also like to know, so that I can issue these permit slots to other

             potential parties.



             I think you would very much enjoy this trip, and we'd be proud to

             showcase our premier wildlife viewing project to you and your family.



             Thanks, DL.




                                                               2



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010202
