Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 17, 2008 8:22 AM
             To:                      slumberglenn@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Wednesday , January 16,     2008 5:44 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Glenn N . Wachter

             address :   11091 Nassau Cir NE Blaine MN 55449

              763-222-9623




             Let me introduce myself. My name is Glenn N. Wachter and I reside in Blaine, MN, a
             northern suburb of Minneapolis, MN.



            I'm writing for a couple of reasons. One is that I am proud to say that I have a son
            practicing medicine in Anchorage working for the Native American Hospital. At first we
            didn't think he would take a liking to Alaska, it's scenery and outdoor posibilities but
            after spending a few winters in Anchorage I can now say that I think he is there to stay!



            Bryan has had the opportunity to travel some to the hinterlands of Alaska treating the
            sick.  This has given him valuable experience learning about the local native customs,
            work opportunies and shortcomings with a changing environment.



            I most recently read the article in the Feb 08 copy of the ALASKAN MAGAZINE on Gov Sarah
            Palin and was impressed with her down to basics style of being a Governor! If possible I
            would welcome the opportunity for Bryan to meet the Governor sometime at her
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             convenience ... maybe just over a cup of coffee . I would like for this to be a surprise
             since I know he would be upset with me if he knew I had planned this encounter !    Maybe it
             could be said to him that his name was mentioned of someone who would like the opportunity
             to meet the Govenor of the state of Alaska!



             In closing , thanks for a listening ear and I wish the best for Governor Palin and the
             State of Alaska.



             Sincerely,



            Glenn N . Wachter



            Sincerely,



            Glenn N . Wachter



            slumberglenn@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0010231
