Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.govJ
             Sent:                   Thursday, January 17, 2008 9:56 AM
             To:                      clmKodiak@gmail.com
             Subject:                 RE: Education


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 9:16 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Education




            Web mail from: Ms. Cheryl Meunier

            address: P.O. Box 2011 Kodiak AK 99615

              (907) 481-2209 wk




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin:

            My name is Cheryl Meunier. I am an English teacher and Journalism teacher at Kodiak Middle
            School in Kodiak, Alaska. I started and produce a school newspaper with students called
            the Brown Bear Bugle. We would like to interview you and your middle school daughter for
            our end-of-year issue. We would like to focus on the relationships between mothers and
            daughters.



            I would like to send you our last issue via email so that you may review our newspaper. If
            you have an address I can attach the issue to I believe you would be impressed with what
            middle school students are producing.



            We can send interview questions so that you can review them. If you chose to do so we can
            set up a phone conference or you and your daughter may chose to answer the questions via
            email.



            We look forward to your response and are excited about the possibility of writing such an
            interview.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010221
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sincerely,

             Cheryl Meunier

             Kodiak middle school

              (907) 481-2209




             clmKodiak@gmail.com




                                                        2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                            Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Thursday, January 17, 2008 8:31 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                From: Manhattan Institute [mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:05 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                               January 17, ;




                                           Sol Stern's newest City Journal article is now available online!


                                           Stern proposes broadening the incentivist approach of market-based strategies for
                                           improvement, to also incorporate the instructionist method of emphasizing change
                                           to the educational curriculum.


                                           School Choice Isn ' t Enough
                                           Sol Stern , City Journal, Winter 2008
                       (This piece also appears on NRO Weblinks, 117-08 and on RealClearPolitics.com)
                       Recent developments in both public and Catholic schools suggest that markets In education may not b
                       a panacea - and that we should reexamine the direction of school reform.. .



                       Click here to listen to City Journal editor Brian Anderson 's interview with Sol Stern.




                       Bradley Effect R.I.P.
                       John McWhorter , New York Sun, January 17, 2007
                       The data are in. White voters in New Hampshire did not pretend to be for Barack Obama and then
                       quietly vote for Hillary Clinton ... I call that one for the black history books, even though Mr. Obama
                       lost. It means that the Bradley Effect, named after the mayor of Los Angeles, Tom Bradley, who lost
                       the California election for governor in 1992 despite polls suggesting he would win, "has no power
                       here," as Glinda the good witch said about her evil sister...




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0010223
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                          Page 2 of 3




                    FROM THE BLOGOSPHERE


                      The Marriage Gap
                       Kay Hymowitz , Cato Unbound, January 16, 2008
                       Let me begin with a slightly different description than the one given by Stephanie Coontz of where we
                       are marriage-wise in the United States today. She alludes to the fact that almost half of all marriages
                       end in divorce. She also points out that close to 40% of children - 38% - are born to unmarried
                      mothers. What she does not mention is that there is a yawning class divide hidden inside these
                      numbers. The large majority of individuals who are divorced or who are never-married parents are low-
                      income and lacking a college, and in many cases a high school, degree. The large majority of middle-
                      class men and women, on the other hand, marry before having children and stay married while raising
                      them. When she assures us that marriage is not on the verge of. extinction, she's right - if you're white
                      and went to college...

                   RADIO


                      David Gratzer on KPCC' s "Patt Morrison Show"
                      Today, January 17, 2007, at 4:30 PM EST, Dr. David Gratzer, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute
                      and author, most recently, of The Cure: How Capitalism Can Save American Health Care, will discuss
                      Gov. Schwarzenegger's mandated health insurance plan for California on the "Patt Morrison Show."
                      This program airs on an NPR affiliate and can be heard on-line re.

                      Kay Hymowitz on KIRO 's "Ron and Don Show"
                      On Wednesday, January 16, 2008, Kay Hymowitz, William E. Simon fellow at the Manhattan Institute
                      and City Journal contributing editor, appeared on KIRO's "Ron and Don Show" to discuss her upcoming
                      City Journal article, "Child-Man in the Promised Land". The "Ron and Don Show" airs out of Seattle,
                      WA.

                   WEB MAGAZINES


                     PointofLaw.com
                     Florida insurance debacle
                     Posted by Walter Olson
                     David Rossmiller sketches in some background behind the state of Florida's move to yank Allstate's
                     license to write new auto business, not long after its governor announced that he was hiring trial
                     lawyers to make life difficult for home insurers...


                     MindingTheCampus.com
                     I Pray That Sacrilege Is Protected
                     Posted by William Felkner
                     Rhode Island College received national attention recently when the student newspaper published a
                     cartoon depicting Jesus as the perfect roommate complete with smelly feet, turning water into wine
                     like a card-trick at the weekly keg party. Many people objected but the College was correct to say that
                     they wouldn't restrict the student's first amendment rights. At the University of Wisconsin in Eau
                     Claire, a Christian group was barred from discussing the bible in a dorm room. It's Ironic that in a
                     country where the cardinal sin of state schools is saying prayers, sacrilege is still protected. How did
                     this happen? ...


                  Sincerely,



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0010224
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                   Page 3 of 3


                    William G . Zelser      Samara M. Kiar           Bridget E . Sweeney
                    Press Officer           Press Officer            Press Officer

                                  Press Inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                  communicationsCalmanhattan-institute.oro, 212.599.7000

                                             Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Manhattan Institute

                                          Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                             Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubscribe" In the subject line.




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0010225
