Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 17, 2008 8:12 AM
             To:                      rorby48@aol.com
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion , or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us   [ mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday , January 16, 2008 7:39 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin       ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from : Mr. Richard Rorbach

            address :   12053 Lasalle Crossing Conroe TX 77304

              281-772-9137



            MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin -

            Sorry to bother you today but I wanted to take a moment to let you know that I will be
            moving to Juneau the first of April ( the end of your legislative session ) for the upcoming
            summer through September of 2008 .   The reason is to have an exciting adventure in Alaska
            since my retirement from Hormel Foods .   The job will entail driving a tour bus for
            Princess Cruise lines for visitors excursions.

            Since accepting this job I have been reading up on Alaska and the Alaskan history to be
            better prepared at informing our visitors of all what Alaska has to offer.

            The main reason I am writing to you is to let you know that I am very impressed with you,
            your responsible conservative agenda, your family and the dedication you have for your
            family and job.

            With knowing the fact that you are very busy, It still would be a pleasure to get the
            opportunity to meet you (if only for a picture) and your family while I'm in your fine
            state and say Hello.  I'll cook!!!  I know I would make ya all laugh - at the very least.

            Take Care and Thanks for your attention Governor.

            God Bless.

            Richard Rorbach (Rick)

                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0010232
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Houston, Texas



            rorby48@aol.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0010233
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




      i
             Unknown
             From:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                       Thursday, January 17, 2008 5:26 AM
             To:                         PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                    Re: Wed Noon World Trade Center speech


             I hope     Privileged or Pers   soon !   Yes, you should go.



             Pls have as much as possible lined up w/commissioners on the regs, as I know mon/tues will
             be packed when I return and won't have a lot of time to meet on the issue. I have MLK
             events on monday, too.



            Let me ask Kris about the sub for world trade. I think I'm doing one in Juneau on that
            same day - Kate should share some of your talking pts w / Kris so she can get them to
            beth/ sharon so we've got a coordinated msg on trade. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 16 Jan 2008 20:39:42

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Wed Noon World Trade Center speech




            Hi,

             Sorry to bother you, but I just got an email from IPrivilea^Csaying Privileg ed or Personal r#iext
            Wed in Seattle, he's plainly concerned and asked if I could be there with h im. He's never
            done that before and I told him that of course I would.



             I'm going to need to meet with you (and Mike) on 50hp regs before I go as I can have a
            recommended way forward for you and legislators are starting to ask. I've circled back
            around since we last talked, spoken with your commissioners again, and the water quality
            expert at DEC, and we're waiting on one answer fr Law but should be ready to talk Mon or
            Tues. I've asked for the meeting through Janice for early in the week. May have to do by
            phone.



             Also, I had subbed in for you on a World Trade Center speech on Wed, the day of                       Privil
           Privile e that I'll have to back out of--Kate's been working on. Any suggestions on a next
           choice, Privi "'



                                                                      1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0010234
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I think I ' m going to go to Seattle Tues and come back Thurs or Fri assuming all goes
             well . Just wanted to let you know of my change in plans for next week.



              Sean




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0010235
