Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From:     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS /CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:    Thursday, January 17, 2008 3:59 PM
                 To:      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Cc:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                 Subject: law school

               CONFIDENTIAL

               Dear Governor Palin,

                    I just met with Randy Ruaro for a follow up meeting on the law school concept . In the meantime I had called
               John Havelock. I had placed a call to Havelock right after former Governor Hickel and his group had met with us
               because Havelock's 1974 study and conclusion that a law school was inadvisable had been referenced . The next
               day the Daily News ran a Havelock column , which you may have seen , that endorsed a law school . I thought the
               article was possibly a coordinated effort with former Governor Hickel , it was not When I did get in touch with
               Havelock he expressed surprise at the Hickel group 's effort and was unaware of it. He was aware of Regent
               Wickersham's interest in the topic.

                   Havelock has changed his mind from 1974 . He now believes a law school is appropriate for Alaska. He
               does not endorse the Hickel private law school scenario.

                   There are at least three people who are promoting an Alaska law school. They are apparently
               uncoordinated:

                   1)  Hickel and Aglieti want to pursue a private law school . They claim they seek no state money just an
                      endorsement. They believe opposition from us will end their effort.
                   2) Havelock advocates for a state run law school , through the University . It would cost a lot, he did not
                      know for sure how much, but when I asked about the Aglieti estimate of $40,000,000 Havelock thought
                      that was plausible.
                   3) Wickersham would like a law school through the University of Alaska. It is unclear if his position has any
                      traction with the regents of which he is one . If pursued it would be a cost probably near the referenced
                      $40,000, 000, which is that large because buildings and facilities would be a component.

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0010246
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2



             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                  Those are my thoughts. Please feel free to call Randy Ruaro or myself if you have questions.

              Talis




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0010247
