Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) (talis.colberg@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 18, 2008 4:55 PM
             To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

             Dear governor palin. I have two staff who have already reached the same conclusion as you
             and gone out               personal eauinment rather than deal with the renortina they
             anticipate.  Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Privileged or Pe
             Ta is. .




              ----- Original Message -----

             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             To: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

             Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

             Sent: Fri Jan 18 16:41:20 2008

             Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             Frank- Doesn't it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and soley use
             that? No way in heck do I have time to track what's business and what's not. (Shoot- if
             "vacation time" like today is any indication of "off-state time" time, after receiving and
             sending umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then it's a whack system to have to
             consider ANY time is "personal time", and most every call/email should not have to be
             decifered re: percent of time that's spent "personally".



              Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment, so it must make
             more sense to use personal- otherwise they wouldn't have done that.



                    Original Message -----

             From: Perez, Linda J (GOV)

             To: GOV All Staff

             Sent: Fri Jan 18 13:18:14 2008

             Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0010264
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From: Garnero, Kim J (DOA) [mailto:kim.garnero@alaska.gov]

              Sent : Thursday, January 17,     2008 6:58 PM

              To: statewide - admin solutions team ; financeofficers@admin.state.ak.us

              Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J
              (DOA); Swanson, Eric W (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer,
              Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)

              Subject: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




              Hello,



             Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on
             where we are with the tax policy for electronic listed property. The "update" document
             provides some details on what has been decided and what has not. High points include:




             *     Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in
             December and evaluating them against IRS requirements. Final policy for the State of
             Alaska is pending this review.

             *     An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to
             document the agreement on use of electronic listed property.  The draft is attached, and
             feedback is on this draft is appreciated.

             *     The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in
             February as indicated in the original FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the
             reporting period must include January. Employees will be required to report personal use
             of state-provided assets starting for the full 12 months of 2008.

             *     Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal
             cell phone or PDA is authorized for business use.

             *     Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only
             require an employee to identify personal use, not support all business use. This should
             greatly simplify reporting.

             *     Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to help
             them identify personal calls on the cell phone invoices.

             *     Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at $40 a month for cell phones
             and $75 for PDAs.

             *     No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a Telework
             agreement.




                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP0I_0010265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             if you or your employees have questions, concerns , or recommendations about information,
             including the draft form, please contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for
             your patience as we work through the details toward a policy we can live with.



              Kim Garnero



             Director of Finance



             465-3435




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0010266
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property                                                         Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                  From :    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [sr.parnell©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Friday, January 18, 2008 5:14 PM
                  To:       Patin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: RE: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property
                 I'm with you and will do the same . I'll likely go to a personal email account on the blackberry if the monthly
                 charge is doable. Then, all our email will go to your personal acct and mine.


                 From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Sent: Fri 1/18/2008 5:09 PM
                 To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); 'ftb907@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

                 I'm hearing from many who are turning in state blackberry/cell phone after this latest round. I will not subject myself
                 or my staff to log my calls and try to decifer whats personal, what's business; so I'm going to shop around for
                 personal equip also.

                 ----- Original Message -----
                 From: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
                 To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Sent: Fri Jan 18 16:54:59 2008
                 Subject: Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

                 Dear governor palin. I have two staff who have already reached the same conclusion as you and gone out and
                 bought personal equipment rather than deal with the reporting they anticipate. privileged or Personal Material
                 Privileged or
                                  a ls.

                 ----- Original Message -----
                 From: Win, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 To:'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>;'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>
                 Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
                 Sent: Fri Jan 18 16:41:20 2008
                 Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

                 Frank- Doesn't it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and soley use that? No way in heck do I have
                 time to track what's business and what's not. (Shoot- if "vacation time" like today is any indication of "off-state
                 time" time, after receiving and sending umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then its a whack system to
                 have to consider ANY time is "personal time", and most every call/email should not have to be decifered re: percent
                 of time that's spent "personally".

                  Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment, so it must make more sense to use personal-
                 otherwise they wouldn't have done that.

                 ----- Original Message -----
                 From : Perez, Linda J (GOV)
                 To: GOV All Staff
                 Sent: Fri Jan 18 13 : 18:14 2008
                 Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0010267
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property                                                         Page 2 of 2


                 From: Gamero, Kim J (DOA) Finailto:kim.garneroQalaska.eovl
                 Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:58 PM
                 To: statewide - admin solutions team; fmanceofficers@admin.state.ak.us
                 Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J (DOA); Swanson, Eric W
                 (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill,
                 Michael A (LAW)

                 Subject: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

                 Hello,

                 Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on where we are with the tax policy
                 for electronic listed property. The "update" document provides some details on what has been decided and what has not.
                 High points include:

                 *    Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in December and evaluating them
                 against IRS requirements. Final policy for the State of Alaska is pending this review.

                 *     An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to document the agreement on use of
                 electronic listed property. The draft is attached, and feedback is on this draft is appreciated.

                 *    The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in February as indicated in the original
                 FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the reporting period must include January. Employees will be required to
                 report personal use of state -provided assets starting for the full 12 months of 2008.

                 *    Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal cell phone or PDA is authorized for
                 business use.

                 *    Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only require an employee to identify
                 personal use, not support all business use. This should greatly simplify reporting.

                       Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to help them identify personal calls on the
                 cell phone invoices.

                      Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at $40 a month for cell phones and $75 for PDAs.
                 *    No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a Telework agreement.

                 If you or your employees have questions , concerns, or recommendations about information , including the draft form, please
                 contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for your patience as we work through the details toward a policy we can
                 live with.

                 Kim Garnero

                 Director of Finance

                465-3435




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010268
