Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Friday, January 18, 2008 5:10 PM
              To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored); ftb907@yahoo.com
              Subject:                 Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

              I'm hearing from many who are turning in state blackberry/cell phone after this latest
              round. .I will not subject myself or my staff to log my calls and try to decifer what's
              personal, what's business, so I'm going to shop around for personal equip also.



              ----- Original message -----

              From : Colberg, Tali,s J (LAW)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Fri Jan 18 16:54: 59 2008

              Subject: Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             Dear governor palin. I have two staff who have already reached the same conclusion as you
             and gone out and bought personal equipment rather than deal with the reporting they
             anticipate.      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                      i
             Nnvllegea or Fen
             Talie



             ----- original message -----

             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             To: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

             Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

             Sent: Fri Jan 18 16:41:20 2008

             Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             Frank - Doesn 't it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and soley use
             that ? No way in heck do I have time to track what ' s business and what ' s not. (Shoot- if
             "vacation time " like today is any indication of "off - state time ,, time , after receiving and
             sending umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then it's a whack system to have to
             consider ANY time is "personal time ", and most every call/email should not have to be
             decifered re: percent of time that ' s spent " personally".



              Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment, so it must make
             more sense to use personal- otherwise they wouldn't have done that.



                     Original Message -----

             From: Perez ,   Linda J (GOV)
                                                                      1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0010254
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To: GOV All Staff

              Sent: Fri Jan 18 13:18:14 2008

              Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




              From: Garnero, Kim J (DOA) [mailto:kim.garnero@alaska.gov]

              Sent :   Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:58 PM

              To: statewide - admin solutions team ; financeofficers@admin.state.ak.us

              Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J
               (DOA); Swanson, Eric W (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer,
              Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)

              Subject: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




             Hello,



             Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on
             where we are with the tax policy for electronic listed property. The "update" document
             provides some details on what has been decided and what has not. High points include:




             *     Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in
             December and evaluating them against IRS requirements.  Final policy for the State of
             Alaska is pending this review.

             *     An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to
             document the agreement on use of electronic listed property. The draft is attached, and
             feedback is on this draft is appreciated.

             *     The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in
             February as indicated in the original FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the
             reporting period must include January.  Employees will be required to report personal use
             of state-provided assets starting for the full 12 months of 2008.

                       Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010255
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              cell phone or PDA is authorized for business use.

             *     Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only
             require an employee to identify personal use, not support all business use. This should
             greatly simplify reporting.

              *     Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to help
              them identify personal calls on the cell phone invoices.

             *     Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at       $ 40 a month for cell phones
             and $75 for PDAs.

             *     No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a Telework
             agreement.




             If you or your employees have questions, concerns, or recommendations about information,
             including the draft form, please contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for
             your patience as we work through the details toward a policy we can live with.



             ICim Garnero




             Director of Finance




             465-3435




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0010256
