Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 18, 2008 8:45 AM
             To:                      shinaku@gci.net
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Thursday, January 17,       2008 8:54 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Mr. Stephen Kurth

             address : 1636 Cara Loop Anchorage AK 99515




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:

                I am disheartened to hear that you and the legislators are proposing to spend the
             windfall like all the previous administrations have done. Hasn't government learned from
             past spending frenzies and what troubles occur when the state runs out of money? Have any
             of you people ever considered SAVING for the future? Is all this money burning a hole in
             your pocket? I had higher hopes for you, Governor Sara Palin. What does conservative mean
             to you?

                I voted for you with high hopes for a better, more prudent, state

             government.

                sincerely,

                Stephen




             shinaku@gci.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0010300
