Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 18, 2008 11:26 AM
             To:                      mldunn@ideafamilies.org
             Subject:                 RE: Legal-and-lawsuits

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion , or comment.




              ----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Friday, January 18, 2008 11:28 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Legal-and-lawsuits



            Web mail from: Mr. Michael Dunn

            address : 48330 Center Ave. Soldotna AK 99669




            MESSAGE:

            Hello, my name is Michael Dunn; I am a 10th grade Homeschool student with IDEA, which is
            categorized under the Galena school district. I am in Alaska Close Up this year, and will
            be attending Session 1 in Juneau (February 25-29, 2008); I am extremely excited to have
            this opportunity. Now I'd like to tell you a little about myself; I live in the K-Beach
            area near Soldotna; some of my favorite outdoor activities include riding my bicycle, snow
            machining, and shoveling my family's 215 ft. driveway. I also enjoy reading, playing
            soccer, and computer programming (which I have just started learning). I hope to learn as
            much as possible about our state government while I'm in Juneau, and also visit some
            historic sites there. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to meeting you.



            mldunn@ideafamilies.org




                                                                   i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0010293
