Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 18, 2008 5:22 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property


             Frank is the e-communications guru. I'm asking him to check out prices for us                    - he's got
             personal equip also.



             ----- Original Message

             From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Fri Jan 18 17:14:16 2008

             Subject: RE: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             I'm with you and will do the same. I'll likely go to a personal email account on the
             blackberry if the monthly charge is doable . Then , all our email will go to your personal
             acct and mine.




             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Fri 1/18/2008 5:09 PM

             To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); 'ftb907@yahoo.com'

             Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




            I'm hearing from many who are turning in state blackberry/cell phone after this latest
            round. I will not subject myself or my staff to log my calls and try to decifer what's
            personal, what's business, so I'm going to shop around for personal equip also.



             ----- Original Message -----

            From: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent : Fri Jan 18 16:54:59 2008

            Subject: Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

                                                                      1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010312
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dear governor palin .   I have two staff who have already reached the same conclusion as you
             and gone out and bought Personal e i ment rather than       l with the reporting the
             anticipate. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Privileged or P
             Taa is.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             To: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnroyahoo.com>

             Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

             Sent : Fri Jan 18 16:41: 20 2008

             Subject: Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             Frank- Doesn't it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and soley use
             that? No way in heck do I have time to track what ' s business and what's not. (Shoot- if
             "vacation time" like today is any indication of "off-state time" time, after receiving and
             sending umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then it's a whack system to have to
             consider ANY time is " personal time ", and most every call / email should not have to be
             decifered re: percent of time that ' s spent " personally".



             Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment,                so it must make
            more sense to use personal - otherwise they wouldn't have done that.



             ----- Original message -----

            From: Perez , Linda J (GOV)

            To: GOV All Staff

            Sent: Fri Jan 18 13:18: 14 2008

            Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




            From: Garnero, Kim J (DOA) [mailto:kim.garnero@alaska.gov]

            Sent :   Thursday, January 17,     2008 6:58 PM

            To: statewide - admin solutions team ; financeofficers @admin . state.ak.us

            Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J
            (DOA); Swanson, Eric W (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer,
            Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)




            Subject: Update on Tax Policies       for Electronic Listed Property
                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010313
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Hello,



             Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on
             where we are with the tax policy for electronic listed property. The "update" document
             provides some details on what has been decided and what has not. High points include:



             *       Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in
             December and evaluating them against IRS requirements.  Final policy for the State of
             Alaska is pending this review.



             *       An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to
             document the agreement on use of electronic listed property. The draft is attached, and
             feedback is on this draft is appreciated.



             *       The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in
             February as indicated in the original FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the
             reporting period must include January.  Employees will be required to report personal use
             of state-provided assets starting for the full 12 months of 2008.



             *       Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal
             cell phone or PDA is authorized for business use.



             *       Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only
             require an employee to identify personal use, not support all business use. This should
             greatly simplify reporting.



            *       Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to
            help them identify personal calls on the cell phone invoices.



            *       Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at $40 a month for cell phones
            and $75 for PDAs.

            *       No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a
            Telework agreement.



            If you or your employees have questions, concerns, or recommendations about information,.
            including the draft form, please contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for
            your patience as we work through the details toward a policy we can live with.



            Kim Garnero




            Director of Finance
                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010314
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                        4




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0010315
