Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                      PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [sr.parnell@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                       Friday, January 18, 2008 5:28 PM
             To:                         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                    Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property

             Ok, I hope it ' s good bec like you I don't want to subsidize the State ' s 24/7 hold on us by
             paying for email coming to my pers blackberry . And then if we expense it we lose the
             privacy of our other email or calls from the same device.



             I am contemplating just going to a pers cell phone. You and I would just talk more--the
             problem is though you'd have lots more than me tugging you if you don't have BB
             capability.




             ----- Original Message -----

             From :   Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

            To: PARNELL ,       S (GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Fri Jan 18 17:21: 50 2008

             Subject : Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



            Frank is the e-communications guru. I'm asking him to check out prices for us - he's got
            personal equip also.



             ----- Original message -----

            From :    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent :    Fri Jan 18 17:14:16 2008

            Subject: RE: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



            I'm with you and will do the same . I'll likely go to a personal email account on the
            blackberry if the monthly charge is doable . Then, all our email will go to your personal
            acct and mine.




            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

                                                                        1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0010308
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent : Fri 1 / 18/2008 5:09 PM

             To: PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored ); ' ftb907@yahoo.com'

             Subject : Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




             I'm hearing from many who are turning in state blackberry / cell phone after this latest
             round . I will not subject myself or my staff to log my calls and try to decifer what's
             personal , what's business , so I'm going to shop around for personal equip also.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From : Colberg , Talis J (LAW)

             To: Palin ,     Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

             Sent ;   Fri Jan 18 16:54 : 59 2008

             Subject : Re: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



            Dear governor palin .   I have two staff who have already reached the same conclusion as you
            and gone out and bou ght personal e qu ipment rather than deal with the reporting they
            anticipate . Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privi leged or
              a is



                      Original Message -----

             From : Palin ,    Sarah ( GOV sponsored)

            To: 'ftb907 @yahoo . com' <ftb907 @yahoo . com>; 'fek9wnr@yahoo . com' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

            Cc: Leighow ,     Sharon W ( GOV); Colberg , Talis J (LAW)

            Sent :    Fri Jan 18 16:41:20 2008

            Subject : Fw: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



            Frank- Doesn ' t it still just make more sense to get personal blackberry and soley use
            that? No way in heck do I have time to track what ' s business and what ' s not. ( Shoot- if
            "vacation time " like today is any indication of "off - state time " time, after receiving and
            sending umpteen emails and calls these past few days - then it's a whack system to have to
            consider ANY time is " personal time ", and most every call / email should not have to be
            decifered re: percent of time that ' s spent "personally".



             Kami and other IT people have already turned in their state equipment, so it must make
            more sense to use personal- otherwise they wouldn't have done that.



            ----- Original Message -----
                                                                  2




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1 _0010309
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From : Perez , Linda J (GOV)

             To: GOV All Staff

             Sent: Fri Jan 18 13:18:14 2008

             Subject: FW: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property




             From: Garnero, Kim J (DOA) [mailto:kim.garnero@alaska.gov]

             Sent: Thursday, January 17, 2008 6:58 PM

             To: statewide - admin solutions team; financeofficers@admin.state.ak.us

             Cc: Dubey, Anand (DOA); Thompson, Brad (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA); Shier, Patrick J
              (DOA); Swanson, Eric W (DOA); Augustus, Staci A (DOA); Pusich, Lisa M (DOA); Kreitzer,
             Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)



             Subject: Update on Tax Policies for Electronic Listed Property



             Hello,



            Attached are two documents that should be distributed to your employees to update them on
            where we are with the tax policy for electronic listed property. The "update" document
            provides some details on what has been decided and what has not. High points include:



            *       Department of Law is reviewing the draft policy and FAQs that were distributed in
            December and evaluating them against IRS requirements. Final policy for the State of
            Alaska is pending this review.



            *       An annual authorization form is being developed for employees and supervisors to
            document the agreement on use of electronic listed property. The draft is attached, and
            feedback is on this draft is appreciated.



            *       The delay in finalizing our policy means that employee reporting will not occur in
            February as indicated in the original FAQs. However for W-2s to be accurate for 2008, the
            reporting period must include January. Employees will be required to report personal use
            of state-provided assets starting for the full 12 months of 2008.




            *       Similarly allowances can be paid for months beginning in January when a personal
            cell phone or PDA is authorized for business use.



             *       Our substantiation standard for supporting business use of state assets will only
             require an employee to identify personal use, not support all business use. This should
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0010310
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              greatly simplify reporting.



             *       Logs of call detail are not required, but employees may choose to keep them to
             help them identify personal calls on the cell phone invoices.



             *       Allowance amounts for personal assets have been set at $40 a month for cell phones
             and $75 for PDAs.

             *       No allowance will be paid for personal laptops or home computers without a
             Telework agreement.



             If you or your employees have questions, concerns, or recommendations about information,
             including the draft form, please contact Lisa Pusich at 465-5616 or me. Thank you for
             your patience as we work through the details toward a policy we can live with.



             Kim Garnero



             Director of Finance



             465-3435




                                                          4




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0010311
