Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                     gov.sarah ©yahoo.com
             Sent:                      Friday, January 18, 2008 5:19 PM
             To:                        Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                  Re: Telehone Call - Drop Out Student


             Ok I calle      daughter. Other side of the story is an assault charge on the daughter vs
             a teacher. Privileg was nice- she may get expelled for 90 days - she asked me to talk to her
             mom. I'll try to call her when I land in Seattle after this Atlanta leg is over.

             Sent from my BlackBerryO device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Fri, 18 Jan 2008 14:51:10

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Telehone Call - Drop Out Student




             Governor - I am so sorry to have to email this request but just spoke with the mother of
             student and mother is very, very concerned. I explained that you were out of state but
             that we would try to get something set up.



            Privileged or P, Mother of Privile ed O P just called. Pr isle is very concerned regarding
             daughter dropping out of schoo .    Privile works for Anchorage School District and is on way
             home today to talk with daughter :     aug ter is very distraught .   Privile says she is just
             tired of the whole situation; people are not always honest with what they tell her.
            Privile O highly respects you, collects pictures of you, and has spoken to you at a previous
             event.    Janice




             Contact:    Privileged or P0 (Mother) - 907-'Privilege (cell)

             Home Phone - 907-     Privile e   (home)


            Privileged or Perk   (Daughter) - 907-   Privileged   (cell)




                                                                       1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0010316
