Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah c(a yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Saturday, January 19, 200811:10 AM
             To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper;
                                      Beth (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Huggins bill: changing ACES

             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sat, 19 Jan 2008 09:19:53

             To:"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <runs.kelly@alaska.gov>,ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)"
             <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: Huggins bill: changing ACES




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010344
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             -Pat




              From : Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Sent : Saturday , January 19 , 2008 8:31 AM

             To: ExternalEmailgsp

             Cc: Tibbles ,   Michael A    ( GOV); Balash, Joseph R      ( GOV); Galvin ,   Patrick S (DOR)

             Subject :   Huggins bill :   changing ACES




             Governor,

             Sen. Huggins has introduced a bill that would do away with the retroactivity and standard
             deduction aspects of ACES .   Sean Cockerham caught me in the hallway yesterday wanting a
             comment . At the time , it was brand new and we didn' t have details.  Privileged or Personal Mat
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Russ




             http://community. adn.com / adn/node /116175 <http://community.adn.com/adn/node/116175>




             War over oil taxes may start again


                                                                    2




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010345
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             ROLL BACK: Huggins bill would change start date, abolish limit on deductions.



             By SEAN COCKERHAM

             scockerham@adn.com



             ( 01/19 / 08 04 : 21:36)

             JUNEAU -- The war over oil taxes was 'rekindled Friday with a bill that would roll back
             parts of the multibillion- dollar tax increase on the North Slope oil companies that the
             Legislature passed only two months ago.

             Senate Resources Committee Chairman Charlie Huggins sponsored the bill. It would reverse
             the Legislature's decision in the November special session to make the oil tax hike
             retroactive to June 30.

             it also would abolish the limit on how much oil companies can deduct from their tax bill
             for operating costs at the Prudhoe and Kuparuk fields. Those are the two biggest and
             oldest North Slope oil fields.

             Huggins said putting a cap on deductions was never studied in Senate committees before it
             became part of the bill. And making the tax increase retroactive to June 30 wasn't fair,
             the'Wasilla Republican said.

             "If I was an IRS man and said I was going to make a retroactive tax provision for you and
             your neighbors and everybody else in the United States, you would not be too happy,"
             Huggins said. "For us to just summarily do that in Juneau to one of our business partners
             is a questionable process." His bill would make the tax effective on Jan. 1, 2008.

             Anchorage Democratic Rep. Les Gara said reversing the retroactive part of the tax would
             cost the state about $600 million.

             "I don't think giving state money back to oil companies who are making record profits is
             the way to go," Gara said.

             Anchorage Democratic Sen. Hollis French pledged to fight Huggins' SB 242. French said he
             expects it's going to be contentious.

             "My first thought was, here we go again," said French. "I'd hoped we had finished that
             debate and put it behind us."

             The limit on how much the oil companies can deduct from their tax bill was a huge issue
             for Democrats in the November special session on oil taxes.

             They managed to amend the tax to cap the growth in operation-expense deduction at Prudhoe
             and Kuparuk to no more than 3 percent a year.

             Many Democrats said they would never have voted for the oil tax without the cap on how
             much companies can deduct. One problem with the previous tax was that it wasn't bringing
             in nearly as much money as the state thought it would because of rising deductions, they
             said.

             Democrats called the cap a compromise that let them accept an oil tax on profits.

             Many really wanted a tax on the gross value of the oil -- which they argued would be less
             vulnerable to manipulation by sharp oil company accountants claiming deductions from their
             state tax bills.

             The cap on deductions is to go away after three years unless renewed. That's a sign
             lawmakers aren't comfortable with it, Huggins said, and are worried about what it is going
             to do to oil production in the state.

             FAST TRACK
                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010346
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Senate President Lyda Green sent the bill to only one committee. That's an indication she
             doesn't want it held up. The bill is going only to the Senate Finance Committee, where
             Sitka Republican Sen. Bert Stedman said that he'll hold hearings on it.

             The Senate passed the oil tax hike in the November special session over the objection of
             majority Republicans including Green , Huggins and Stedman. An alliance between Democrats
             in the bipartisan Senate majority and Republicans in the minority caucus got the tax
             through.

             The all-Republican minority had tried to keep the tax from being retroactive. So they
             could have sympathy for Huggins's attempt to roll that back.

             Senate Minority Leader Gene Therriault said he 's surprised, though, that Republicans in
             the majority want to change the oil tax again so soon.

             Part of the argument in November against raising oil taxes too often was that it creates
             an unstable business climate, Therriault said.

             State House Speaker John Harris, R-Valdez, supported the oil tax increase but did not like
             the fact it was retroactive. Harris said he'd consider Huggins' bill if it can make it out
             of the Senate but does not know how he'd vote on it.

             PALIN SURPRISED

             Gov. Sarah Palin was the one who proposed the oil tax increase . Palin administration
             officials were surprised to learn of Huggins ' bill on Friday.

             "I think it would be something that would inspire a lot of internal discussion ," said Russ
             Kelly, the governor's legislative director.

             The oil company BP had a cautious reaction to the proposal to get rid of the retroactivity
             and the limit on how much it can deduct.

             "These are two elements of the (oil) tax bill that concerned us very much," said BP
             spokesman Steve Rinehart. "But we are still assessing Senator Huggins' legislation."




             Find Sean Cockerham online at adn.com/contact/scockerham
             <http://adn.com/contact/scockerham>  or call him at 907-586-1531.




             GO DEEPER: Reader reaction to Ellis as majority leader, timing conflicts over drilling and
             polar bear studies.

             adn.com/alaskapolitics <http://adn.com/alaskapolitics>




             Senate Bill 242 at a glance

             According to Sen. Charlie Huggins, R-Wasilla, his bill would:


                                                           4




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0010347
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             · Change the start date for the oil tax increase the Legislature approved in November. The
             tax would start on Jan . 1, 2008 , instead of June 30, 2Q07.

             · Abolish the limit on how much oil companies can deduct from their tax bills for
             operating expenses at the Prudhoe Bay and Kuparuk oil fields. The law now limits growth of
             those deductions to 3 percent a year. Senate Bill 242 at a glance




             Russ Kelly

             Legislative Director

             Office of Governor Sarah

             Palin <http:// gov.state . ak.us/>

             State of Alaska

             (907) 465-3999

             **Please note my new e-mail address :     russ .kelly@alaska.gov <mailto: russ .kelly@alaska.gov>




                                                              5




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010348
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             unknown
             From :                     gov.sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                      Saturday, January 19, 2008 9:53 AM
             To:                        Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject:                   Re: Telehone Call - Drop Out Student


             Called the mom. Pls also give her # to Lynne- perhaps Lynn could call and share with the
             mom (as I did ) that we are trying to make things better for schools , students, etc.
             Thanks J!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Mason , Janice L ( GOV)" <janice . mason@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Fri, 18 Jan 2008 14:51:10

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

             Subject: Telehone Call - Drop Out Student




             Governor - I am so sorry to have to email this request but just spoke with the mother of
             student and mother is very, very concerned . I explained that you were out of state but
             that we would try to get something set up.



            Privileged or P     Mother of Privileg ed or Pe just called.        Privile is very concerned regarding
             daughter dropping out o sc oo . Privile works for Anc horage School District and is on way
             home today to talk with daughter .   aug ter is very distraught . Privile says she is just
             t ired of the whole situation; people are not always honest with what they tell her.
             Pr!vile highly respects you, collects pictures of you, and has spoken to you at a previous
             event.   Janice




             Contact:    Privileged or P   (Mother) - 907-Privileged       (cell)

             Home Phone - 907-     Privileged   (home)

            iPrivileged or Pe   (Daughter) - 907-    Privileged   (cell)




                                                                       1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0010349
