Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, January 20, 2008 2:04 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Meeting requests


             Have these folks already vetted their issues w/others- like Thanks! SP assistants, so I'm
             not starting from scratch with all of them?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sun, 20 Jan 2008 13:37:26

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Meeting requests




             Governor - These meeting requests just came in the end of this week. Most of these folks
             are in for the AML Conf. on Tues. 01.22 (which you will be speaking at noon).



             In Town:    Monday, 01.21 through Tuesday, 01.22.08:

             Paul Sherry, CEO of AK Native Tribal Health Consortium (ANTHC) - re: Electronic Health
             Initatives, Tribal Health Issues.




             Debbie Joslin - re: HB 270, HJR 26 and other pro-family legislation that you would like
             to discuss.  They will be on capitol steps at noon Tuesday, 01.22 for the roe vs wade
             rally.  You have a speech at that time and will be away from building.



             Deirdre Cronin, Exec. Dir. - Covenant House will be in JNU w/the International President.
             This meeting could go along way in securing the financial support of corporate (Deirdre
             stated).  Speaker Harris asked that Governor meet w/these folks.




             Comm. Kreitzer, COS - re: Briefing on Recruitment and Retention. It has started showing
             up in committee hearings and we need to get back in front of it. Requesting 30 minutes.



             Mead Treadwell and Dr . John Farrell,       Exec. Dir. Of US Arctic Research would like to meet
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0010356
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             on Arctic Issues re :  Icebreakers ,   shipping safety , monitoring and relations with Russia,
             youth suicide in the Arctic.



             In Town:    Monday, 01.21 through Friday, 01.25.08

             Douglas Issaacson , Mayor of North Pole re: North Pole Capital Projects, ARRC
             Realignment.  Note:   Rehfeld, Kelly meeting w/Mayor on Tuesday, 01.22 at 11:30 a.m. Mayor
             very supportive of AGIA.



             Bert Cottle , Mayor of Valdez re: Meet w /Governor directly on Valdez Issues



             Trevor Colby , COE Nordic House Health Corp out of Nome . Re:  In regards to their plans to
             build a new hospital in Nome .  Request came from office of Senator Olson . Senator Olson
             would like to also be at meeting.



            Ken Klawunder , Mayor of Gustavus re: City needs site control of 1.7 acres of land to
            utilize funding supplied by Denali Commission .  Family in this case is prohibiting the
            city from obtaining the site control because of covenants.



            Chris Hayes is asking for picture with Governor so that his kids can post this on "My
            Space."



            Mayor Whitaker of Northstar Borough is requesting Wed., 01 . 23.         Mayor says that he spoke
            w/Governor directly and was asked to get this set up.



            Mayor Williams , Peninsula & Mayor Porter , Kenai City re: Mayor Williams spoke w / Governor
            at event on Wed., 01 . 09.. Borough Issues , Roads , CON's . Mayor Porter would then join the
            meeting on Challenger Learning Center.



            Charles Parker, CEO/Pres . and George Quinto, VP of Operations for Alaska Village
            Initiatives re:  Project Code Red ( Costs 28% less than a $250,000 new fire truck).
            Project they are working on.



            Kenai Peninsula Borough Assembly Members are in town participating in the AML Conference.
            Re:  Present to Governor the Legislative Priorities for 2008 and FY2009 .  Requested by
            Johni Blankenship, Deputy Clerk



            Rick Van Nieuwenhuyse, CEO and Doug Nicholson, Senior VP for NovaGold Mining Projects in
            Alaska.  They would like to give update on NovaGold's Mining Projects in Alaska. Railbelt
            Utilities, AK Native Corporations, and renewable energy groups.




            These are the most recent requests for this week.  I can meet with you tomorrow on these
            with more information if need be . Or can run into the office this afternoon. Thanks,
            Janice

                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0010357
