Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, January 20, 2008 7:29 AM
             To:                      Leschper; Beth (GOV)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: AML Leg Conf next week

             Importance:              High


             AML speech:

             Sent from my BlackBerry's device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Tara L. Jollie° < leaddog@acsalaska.net>



             Date: Sat, 19 Jan 2008 20:28:25

             To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: AML Leg Conf next week




             S-



             I did send talking points to Beth on general politically correct issues for this
             conference.  I don't know if you are speaking or mingling, but I do know the AML will have
             one major issue to push and that is the methodology of Revenue Sharing.



             AML is tickled pink at your proposed 75M (as they should be, the most is in several years;
             5Q% more than last year.)



            AML doesn't like that Revenue Sharing is in the Capital budget. I have met with Kathy
            Waserman (their CEO) and their lobbyist (I don't remember his name) and here is how I
            understand their position:



            AML thinks Capital budget appropriations are a method (introduced by Murkowski) that is
            too vulnerable to the political wind ( a fear realized with Murkowski.) They support a
            statute , specifically SB72 with some amendments.



            And they think the Capital budget method doesn't allow for predictability and forward
            budget planning.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0010359
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             So, there you have it. The methodology of our Administration is what you will be asked
             about more than anything else , so heads up. You probably already know, but I wanted to
             make sure.



             tj




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0010360
