Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, January 22, 2008 4:02 PM
             To:                      zuccarot@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, January 22, 2008 1:45 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored).

             Subject: Military_and_Veterans Affairs




             Web mail from: Thomas Zuccaro

             address : 2149 Voyager St. North Pole AK 99705

              488-5698



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,




             I received a response from Gen McManus today, and I strongly disagree with the findings of
             her CAI absolving all involved in the flight of an AKANG HH-60 flight into our private
             subdivision.



            I thought only the President of the United States could take a military helicopter into a
            private residence?



            I assess the CDI report to be nothing less than a cover-up. I would like to address my
            concerns with someone outside the AKANG. If someone could contact me I would appreciate
            it.



            Very Respectfully,




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0010405
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Tom Zuccaro



             zuccarot@acsalaska.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0010406
