Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, January 22, 2008 11:26 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov.state. ak.us     (mailto:WebMailegov .state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, January 19,       2008 1:57 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Nathan Elmore

             address :   4000 Furrow Creek Rd Anchorage AK 99516

              907-748-6283




             MESSAGE:

             I'm sorry - I discovered the "tab" button automatically sends your unfinished , unedited
             letter right away without confirmation . You might want to address that.



             I'm a grassroots organizer here for Mike Huckabee , and you know how important names are to
             grassroots campaigns , as we cheered for every endorsement we could get for you!



            Please consider endorsing Mike Huckabee in his bid for the Republican presidential
            nomination . I believe that our values and priorities ( his, mine , and yours!) are in
            agreement , and I really believe that Mike represents us much more than the other
            candidates running. I am delighted to be able to say with conviction that Mike also has
            the best chance of succeeding in the national race . He has kept the campaign clean, he has
            maintained a beautiful record on the issues as Governor , and has non-evasive answers to
            what few smears others try to throw at him. He is genuine , experienced, ethical,
            charismatic , and he ' s introducing phenominal and realistic solutions to the nation's
            problems - not just vague ideas , but actual plans that people can rally behind!



            I believe that Huckabee is God's man for the job, just as you were God's woman for this
            one! It would mean so much to our state and our country for you to stand on his side.
            Thank you very much for your thought and prayer on the subject.



            Here 's to individuals making a difference!



                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPOI 0010411
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sincerely,

              C. Nathan Elmore

             Assistant Organizer - Alaskans For Huckabee

              907-748-6283

             c_nathan elmore@yahoo.com



             P.S. - if you would like more detail on his positions , his official website is
             www.MikeHuckabee.com




             c_nathan_elmore@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010412
