Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                  From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Tuesday, January 22, 2008 1:01 PM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Center for Women's Business Research Urges SBA to Revise Its Federal Contracting Plan for
                          Women Business Owners




                 From: CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
                 Sent: Tuesday, January 22, 2008 12:08 PM
                 Subject: NR: Center for Women's Business Research Urges SBA to Revise Its Federal Contracting Plan
                 for Women Business Owners

                   R-1



                                                                                      Contact: Juanita M. Weaver
                                                                                      Director of Media & Strategic
                                                                                      Alliances
                                                                                      Center for Women 's Business
                                                                                      Research
                                                                                      202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                                      lweaver .womensbusinessre!


                Release date : January 22, 2008

                             Center for Women 's Business Research
                    Urges SBA to Revise Its Federal Contracting Plan for Women
                                        Business Owners
                Washington , DC -- The Center for Women 's Business Research , the premier non-profit
                research institute dedicated to producing data-driven knowledge exclusively on women
                business owners and their enterprises, has submitted testimony to the House Small Business
                Committee strongly opposing the recent U.S. Small Business Administration proposed rule
                regarding federal contract opportunities for women-owned businesses.

                Even a cursory review of 2002 data suggests a much broader incidence of under-representation
                within almost every industry than the SBA report, The Utilization of Women-Owned Small
                Businesses in Federal Contracting, has selected . The result of this proposed ruling would be to
                hold contracting with women-owned businesses to a more stringent standard than any other
                segment of the small business community that has federal contracting goals.




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0010422
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


                 "As researchers ourselves , we know that turning research into actionable knowledge is as much about
                 knowing what data will answer the real-world questions as it is about methodology ," said Margaret A.
                 Smith, chair, Center for Women 's Business Research . " We strongly urge the SBA to go back to the
                 drawing board and with greater participation from women business owners and the organizations that
                 represent them, to develop a plan that ensures the full participation of women -owned businesses in our
                 nation's economic future."

                 Using the findings from a study conducted by the Rand Corporation , the SBA selected from among the
                 many options presented the MOST restrictive definition of industries in which women business owners
                 are under-represented . The proposed ruling restricts the industries where women-owned businesses
                 are considered under-represented to four very narrowly defined industries:
                       cabinet making;
                       coating and engraving;
                       national security and international affairs; and,
                       other motor vehicle dealers (all terrain vehicles).

                The result is that out of the 6.5 million (2002 U . S. Census Bureau data) majority (51%) or more women-
                owned businesses , only 1 ,247 could potentially benefit from the program.

                Looking only at the 6.5 million businesses cited in the 2002 Census that are majority (51% or more)
                women-owned, we find such large discrepancies between the incidence of women-owned businesses
                in each major industry category and the percent of contracting dollars that go to women-owned
                businesses that it is apparent that women business owners are under-represented in Federal
                contracting across the board.

                For example , while women- owned businesses represent more than half of the businesses in Health
                Care and in Educational Services , they receive only 7% of the Federal contracting dollars in Health
                Care and about 2% of the Federal contracting dollars in Educational Services.

                In industries that are considered less traditional for women -owned businesses we see the same
                differences , such as:
                      Utilities (14 % of the businesses are women -owned but women-owned businesses receive only
                     1 % of Federal contract dollars);
                      Manufacturing (7% of the, businesses vs. less than 2% of Federal contract dollars); and,
                      Transportation ( 12% of the businesses vs. less than 1 % of Federal contract dollars).

                The size of the women-owned businesses or-their readiness for Federal contracting cannot account for
                the magnitude of these differences.

                Women are starting businesses at twice the rate of all businesses . The Center for Women 's Business
                Research estimates that as of 2006 , there are 7 . 7 million businesses majority (51 %) owned by women,
                which generate more than $1 trillion in revenues and provide employment for 7 . 1 million people.



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0010423
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 3 of 3


                "The growth of these businesses is essential to this nation ' s economic vitality and competitiveness,"
                added Margaret Smith. "Federal contracting is critical to the sustainable growth of these economic
                contributors."

                As early as 1994 , a study by the SBA's Office of Advocacy showed that women-owned businesses that
                received Federal contracts were more likely than other women -owned businesses to show consistent
                growth . More recent research by the Center for Women ' s Business Research shows that having
                government contracts continues to be one of the key factors differentiating the larger , faster growing
                women-owned businesses from the smaller businesses.

                The Center's research also documents that fully 20% of women who own businesses in "non-
                traditional" industries report that being a woman is detrimental in accessing markets.



                Center for Women 's Business Research
                The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic , social and political
                impact of women business owners and their enterprises . We do this by setting the national agenda ; creating insight on the
                status and achievements of women business owners ; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of
                women-owned enterprises ; and driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. Find out
                more online at www.womensbusinessresearch,org.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0010424
