Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, January 22, 2008 11:20 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Year Two Report Finds Merit Pay Has Positive Effects on Students



                 From : Department of Education Reform [mailto:edreform@uark.edu] On Behalf Of oep@uark.edu
                 Sent: Tuesday, January 22, 2008 9:19 AM
                 To: oep@uark.edu
                 Subject: Year Two Report Finds Merit Pay Has Positive Effects on Students

                 TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 2008

                CONTACT:

                Gary Ritter, endowed chair in education policy, department of education reform
                Director, Office for Education Policy
                College of Education and Health Professions
                (479) 575-3773, oep@uark.edu


                Year Two Report Finds Merit Pay Has Positive Effects on Students
                Study of Little Rock schools in program reveals higher test scores for students, mixed attitudes
                from teachers.

                FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. - An evaluation of a teacher pay-for-performance program in Little
                Rock finds that it produces significant gains in student performance on standardized tests.

                The Achievement Challenge Pilot Project (ACPP) at five elementary schools in Little Rock
                elementary schools offered teachers and staff substantial bonuses that vary depending on the
                level of increases in student achievement in each teacher's classroom.

                Gary Ritter, who holds an endowed chair in education policy at the University of Arkansas, will
                present the findings of this study at a news conference at 10:00 a.m. Tuesday, January 22 at the
                Peabody Hotel, in Little Rock. The full report is available at
                http://uark. edu/ua/der/Research/merit_pay/Year-two.html.

                According to researchers in the UA department of education reform, students in schools where
                the program operated in 2006-2007 enjoyed greater learning gains than their comparable peers
                did in three subject areas on the Iowa Test of Basic Skills. Specifically, students in the merit pay
                schools improved by nearly seven percentile points in math, by nine percentile points in
                language, and by six percentile points in reading.

               In the ACPP merit pay program, teachers could earn a bonus worth as much as $11,000. In 2005-
               2006, teachers and staff at Meadowcliff were awarded bonuses totaling $200,926, while those at
               Wakefield received $228,300 in performance bonuses . For the 2006-2007 school year, the
               program was expanded to include three more elementary schools: Geyer Springs, Mabelvale and
               Romine. The program began at Meadowcliff in 2004-2005, and Wakefield was added in 2005-


                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI 0010428
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


                 2006.

                 Also according to the UA researchers , surveys of teachers at participating and comparison schools found
                 that attitudes were mixed about the program ' s effects . The ACPP teachers, in general, did not indicate
                 being more innovative or working harder , despite the fact that these are two oft-cited potential benefits
                 of merit pay plans . However, teachers in schools that participated for multiple years in the ACPP
                 reported being more satisfied with their salaries than their peers in first-year ACPP schools, and
                 comparable nonparticipating schools . With regard to the frequently cited potential disadvantages of
                 merit pay programs, the ACPP teachers did not report divisive competition, suffering from a negative
                 work environment, or shying away from working with low-performing students . Teachers in the three
                 schools implementing merit pay for the first time in 2006-2007 did highlight some problems with the
                 implementation of the program, which resulted in their discontent and decreased program support. In
                 general , however, ACPP teachers reported being more effective teachers than their comparable peers in
                 non-ACPP schools.

                 "Our two years of analysis of test data in ACPP schools in Little Rock reveal consistent findings:
                 students of teachers who are eligible for performance bonuses enjoy academic benefits . Further, many
                 of the criticisms of merit pay programs simply have not proven true in Little Rock ," Ritter said.

                The study was supervised by Ritter, director of the Office for Education Policy in the department of
                education reform . Jay P . Greene, who holds the endowed chair in education reform, along with graduate
                students and researchers in the department , also participated in the evaluation. The research team has
                been examining the program over the past two years , with the year two study incorporating a larger
                sample size of students and teachers to determine whether the initial benefits , found in the first
                evaluation, persist. The program is funded by the Little Rock School District , the Little Rock Public
                Education Foundation, the Walton Family Foundation , the Hussman Foundation and the Brown Family
                Foundation. Financial support for the evaluation was provided by the Walton Family Foundation.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                               P RA_GS POI _0010429
