Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 23, 2008 3:12 PM
             To:                      Frank Bailey
             Cc:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Fw: Email


             Do u think annette will be able to come up with anything on this? Funny now that others
             are getting perturbed about the leak- they realize the memo makes them look bad and they
             don't like that. (And that was the point I was trying to make earlier when I found out the
             memo was posted online). Leggies have the email now too.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Anders, Bruce F (DNR)" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 23 Jan 2008 13:51:20

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, -Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K
             (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>, fek9wnr@yahoo.com

             Subject: Re: Email




             Absolutely outrageous and unacceptable if indeed it was a leak. But remember the
             electronic snoop you had on MTA during the campaign. I surely hope that's the leak rather
             than disloyal behavior (or incredibly poor judgment) from a team member on what was
             clearly an internal, strategy-type communication to the troops from the CO. Surely your
             IT gurus (rather than just Sunny's supposition) could run the trapline? Either way,
             unbelievable.




              ----- Original Message -----

              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Anders, Bruce F (DNR);       Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Todd
             <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

              Sent: Wed Jan 23 12:43:40 2008

              Subject: Fw: Email



              Amazing that someone would leak my email from this morning to an ADN reporter. Amazing.

              Sent from my BlackBerrym device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              -----Original Message-----

              From : gov.sarah®yahoo.com



              Date : Wed, 23 Jan 2008 21:38:14

              To:"Sean Parnell" <SR_Parnell@gov.state.ak.us>

              Cc:"Sharon Leighow" <sharon.leighowvalaska.gov>,"Beth Leschper"
             <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Frank Bailey" <ftb907
             @yahoo.com>,"Ivy Frye" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Fw: Email




              Someone leaked my internal email from this morning to an ADN reporter. It's now posted on
             the blog. This is amazing. These recepients are our team members.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



              Date : Wed, 23 Jan 2008 21:23:59

              To:"Sunny Cayce" <sunny.cayce@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Email




              Sunny- the email you forwarded to a list of state employees this morning re: better
             communications with Mayors just got posted on the ADN blog after being leaked to a
             reporter. Any idea who'd leak such a thing?

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010479
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ETS Education Research Update                                                                              Page 1 of 6


                 Unknown
                  From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Thursday, January 24, 2008 11:16 AM
                  To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: ETS Education Research Update - Jan. 2008



                 From: Educational Testing Service [mailto:R&Dweb@ets.org]
                 Sent: Thursday, January 24, 2008 5:30 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: ETS Education Research Update - Jan. 2008




                                    ET S Education Research Update
                                                                                                           January 2008

                          ETS produces research -related materials on a variety of topics . PDFs of publications are
                          free , when available , at www.etsorg . When research reports are awaiting journal
                          publication , print copies (for individual use only ) can be requested via e-mail at
                          R&DWeWets.orp.

                          In This Issue:

                          ETS on the Issues

                             · The Fami: America's Smallest School
                             · Improving Quality and Equity in Education
                             · Students With Learning Disabilities Transitioning From High School to College
                             · Teacher Quality in a Changing Policy Landscape: Improvements in the Teacher Pool

                          ETS Research Report Series

                              · An Assessment for Learning System Called ACED: Designing for Learning
                                 Effectiveness and Accessibility
                              · An Entropy-Based Measure of Dependence Between Two Groups of Random
                                 Variables
                              · An Illustration of the Use of Markov Decision Processes to Represent Student
                                 Growth (Learning)
                             · An Initial Investigation of a Modified Procedure for Parallel Analysis
                              · Construct Validity of e-rater® in Scoring TOEFL® Essays
                             · The Correlation Between Item Parameters and Item Fit Statistics
                             · Disclosure Risk in Educational Surveys: An Application to the National Assessment
                                of Educational Progress
                             · Evaluation of Automated Diagnosis and Instruction for Mathematics Problem-Solving
                             · Examination of Fatigue Effects From Extended Time Accommodations on the SAT
                                Reasoning Testm
                             · Examining Test Items for Differential Distractor Functioning Among Students With
                                Learning Disabilities
                             · Growth in Reading Performance During the First Four Years in School
                             · Hierarchical General Diagnostic Models
                             · The Impact of Anchor Test Length on Equating Results in a Nonequivalent Groups
                                Design
                             · Impact of Group Work and Extended Essay Writing on Online Advanced Placement
                                Program® Student Performance
                             · The Impact of the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards: A Review of
                                the Research



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0010480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ETS Education Research Update                                                                                      Page 2 of 6


                                      · Investigating the Effectiveness of a Synthetic Linking Function on Small Sample
                                          Equating
                                          Mixture Distribption Diagnostic Models
                                      · Monotone Properties of a General Diagnostic Model
                                      · On Multidimensional Item Response Theory: A Coordinate-Free Approach
                                      · On-the-Fly Customization of Automated Essay! Scoring
                                      · Parameter Recovery and Su,ponulation Proficiency Estimation in Hierarchical Latent
                                          Regression Models
                                      · Refinement of a Bias-Correction Procedure for the Weighted Likelihood Estimator of
                                         A
                                      · Scale Drift in Test Equating on a Test That Employs Cut Scores
                                      · The Standardized Letter of Recommendation : Implications for Selection
                                      · Supporting Efficient, Evidence-Centered Item Development for the GRE® Verbal
                                         Measure
                                      · Time Requirements for the Different Item Types Proposed for Use in the Revised
                                         SA TO




                                 ETS on the Issues:

                                The Family: Americas Smallest School
                                In this ETS Policy Information Center report, ETS researchers Paul Barton and Richard
                                Coley outline the family and home conditions affecting children 's cognitive development and
                                school achievement , and how gaps that begin early persist throughout life.
                                Read more.

                                <<Back to the Too


                                Improving Quality and Equity in Education
                                This issue of ETS Policy Notes (Volume 15, No. 1) provides highlights from an ETS
                                conference on assessment that celebrated the centennial of the Carnegie Foundation for
                                the Advancement of Teaching.
                                Read More.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Students With Learning Disabilities Transitloning From High School to College
                                This issue of ETS Policy Notes (Volume 15, No. 2) provides highlights from an ETS
                                Achievement Gap Symposium co-sponsored by ETS and the National Center for Learning
                                Disabilities.
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Teacher Quality In a Changing Policy Landscape: Improvements In the Teacher Pool
                                This report ties the confluence of policy changes at the federal , state and institutional levels
                                to improvements in teacher candidates' academic qualifications. Written by ETS
                                Distinguished Researcher Drew Gitomer, the report compares the academic qualifications of
                                teacher candidates who took PraxisT'" assessments for teacher licensure from 2002-2005
                                with qualifications of a cohort of test takers from eight years prior.
                                Read more.

                                <Sack to the Too




                                ETS Research Report Series:

                                The ETS Report Series database contains abstracts of all reports issued since the series'
                                inception in 1948 . The database also has PDF versions of most of the recent reports. To
                                search the database , visit ReSEARCHER.

                                An Assessment for Learning System Called ACED: Designing for Learning
                                Effectiveness and Accessibility



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 ETS Education Research Update                                                                                      Page 3 of 6


                                 This report covers a National Science Foundation-funded project, ACED: Adaptive Content
                                 With Evidence-Based Diagnosis . The project developed and evaluated an assessment for
                                 learning system for diverse students, using Algebra I content related to geometric
                                 sequences . (ETS RR-07-26. Authors: V.J. Shute, E.G. Hansen & R.G. Almond)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                 An Entropy-Based Measure of Dependence Between Two Groups of Random
                                 Variables
                                 This paper looks into the dependence of one group of random variables on another group of
                                 random variables using conditional entropy. A new measure , called the K-dependence
                                 coefficient or dependence coefficient, is defined . (ETS RR-07-20. Author: N. Kong)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back toss Too


                                An Illustration of the Use of Markov Decision Processes to Represent Student Growth
                                (Learning)
                                The report describes a general framework looking at student competencies at multiple
                                points in time , along with a bowtie model that describes the effects of an instructor 's choice.
                                The framework is illustrated with a numerical example and a movie . ( ETS RR-07-40 . Author.
                                R.G. Almond)
                                Read mole.

                                <Back to the Too


                                An Initial Investigation of a Modified Procedure for Parallel Analysis
                                To address technical issues of parallel analysis for ordinal variables , this study adapted the
                                O'Connor (2000) procedure for SAS. This modified procedure best approximates the ordinal
                                data by factoring in the frequency distributions of the variables . (ETS RR-07-41. Authors:
                                O.L. Liu, F. Rijmen & N. Kong)
                                Read more.
                                <Back to the Too


                                Construct Validity of a-rated in Scoring TOEFLT" Essays
                                This study examined the construct validity of the e-rater® scoring engine as an alternative to
                                human scoring for TOEFL® essay writing . Results showed e-rater scores replicated human
                                score differences among countries and prompts . (ETS RR-07-21. Author. Y. Attali)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                The Correlation Between Item Parameters and Item Fit Statistics
                                This paper extends Dodeen (2004) by employing recently suggested item fit statistics and
                                shows that the relationships in Dodeen do not hold for the item fit statistics with respectable
                                Type I error rates. (ETS RR-07-36. Authors: S. Sinharay & Y. Lu)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Disclosure Risk in Educational Surveys: An Application to the National Assessment
                                of Educational Progress
                                In this paper, a data perturbation method for minimizing the possibility of disclosure of
                                participants' identities on a survey is described in the context of the National Assessment of
                                Educational Progress. (ETS RR-07-24. Authors: A. Oranje, D. Freund, M. Lin & Y. Tang)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Top


                                Evaluation ofAutomated Diagnosis and instruction for Mathematics Problem-Solving
                                This report looks at a number of systems for automated diagnosis and instructional support
                                of students solving math problems. These systems are evaluated in terms of content
                                knowledge representation , diagnosis approaches , and instructional support. (ETS RR-07-
                                28. Author: J. S. Underwood)
                                Read more.

                                 Back to the Too




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0010482
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ETS Education Research Update                                                                                     Page 4 of 6



                                  Examination of Fatigue Effects From Extended Time Accommodations on the SAT
                                  Reasoning Test-
                                  Operational data from the SAT Reasoning Test*"t was examined to determine if students
                                  who tested under extended -time conditions were suffering from excessive fatigue effects
                                  relative to students who tested under standard -time conditions . (College Board Report No.
                                  2007-01 , ETS RR-07-31. Authors: C. Cahalan Laitusis , D.L. Morgan , B. Bridgeman, J.
                                  Zanna & E. Stone)
                                  Read more.

                                  4Back to he Too


                                 Examining Test Items for Differential Distracter Functioning Among Students With
                                 Learning Disabilities
                                 This study investigates whether distractor choices function differently for students without
                                 learning disabilities compared to students who had learning disabilities and either received
                                 no accommodations , a read-aloud accommodation, or another accommodation . ( ETS RR-
                                 07-43. Authors: K. Middleton & C. Cahalan Laitusis)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                 Growth in Reading Performance During the First Four Years In School
                                 This report addresses concerns about the potential for differential gains in reading during
                                 the first two years of formal schooling (K-first grade ) versus the next two years of schooling
                                 (first-third grade). (ETS RR-07 -39. Author: D.A. Rock)
                                 Read more.

                                 -Back to the Too


                                 Hierarchical General Diagnostic Models
                                 This paper introduces multilevel extensions for the general diagnostic model (GDM), a
                                 modeling framework for confirmatory multidimensional item response models . (ETS RR-07-
                                 19. Author. M. von Davier)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Sack to the Top


                                 The Impact of Anchor Test Length on Equating Results In a Nonequivalent Groups
                                 Design
                                 Using the NEAT design , this study explores the effects of external anchor test length on
                                 results of several equating methods , including equipercentile , chained equipercentile , kernel
                                 equating (KE) post-stratification (PSE) with optimal bandwidths , and KE PSE linear. (ETS
                                 RR-07-44 . Authors: K.L. Ricker & A.A. von Davier)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                Impact of Group Work and Extended Essay Writing on Online Advanced Placement
                                Program® Student Performance
                                This research examines how group work and extended essay writing among Advanced
                                Placement Program® (AP®) students in online high schools may have impacted their
                                performance on the AP exam . ( ETS RR-07-22. Author. P. Handwerk)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                 The Impact of the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards: A Review of
                                the Research
                                This review examines critical issues covered in literature on the impact of the advanced
                                teacher certification system instituted by the National Board for Professional Teaching
                                Standards. (ETS RR-07-33. Author. D.H. Gitomer)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Investigating the Effectiveness of a Synthetic Linking Function on Small Sample
                                Equating
                                This study investigates the benefits of the synthetic function using various real data sets
                                gathered from different administrations of tests from a licensure testing program . Findings



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0010483
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ETS Education Research Update                                                                                         Page 5 of 6


                                 indicate that the synthetic function did not work as well as other linear equating methods.
                                 (ETS RR-07-37. Authors: S. Kim, A.A. von Davier & S. Haberman)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                 Mixture Distribution Diagnostic Models
                                 This report introduces the mixture general diagnostic model (MGDM ), which allows one to
                                 estimate diagnostic models for multiple known populations , as well as discrete unknown, or
                                 not directly observed mixtures of populations . (ETS RR-07-32. Author. M. von Davier)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                 Monotone Properties of a General Diagnostic Model
                                 In this report, the monotonicity properties of a general diagnostic model (GDM) are
                                 considered. The GDM is a multidimensional extension of the partial credit model . (ETS RR-
                                 07-25. Author: X. Xu)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                On Multidimensional Item Response Theory: A Coordinate-Free Approach
                                This paper proves that multidimensional item response theory (IRT) models are alike and
                                can be obtained as a trivial extension of an appropriate unidimensional IRT model. (ETS
                                RR-07-30. Author: T. Antal)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                On-the-Fly Customization of Automated Essay Scoring
                                This paper presents a practical approach and an interactive computer program for
                                judgment based customization for an automated essay scoring (AES) system. This
                                approach is based on the e-rater® technology . (ETS RR-07-42. Author: Y. Attali)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Parameter Recovery and Subpopulatlon Proficiency Estimation in Hierarchical Latent
                                Regression Models
                                This study compares parameter recovery in hierarchical latent regression models to regular
                                latent regression models through simulation for various levels of cluster variation . Results
                                show that regression effect estimates are similar. (ETS RR-07-27. Authors: D. Li, A. Oranje
                                & Y. Jiang)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                                Refinement of a Bias-Correction Procedure for the Weighted Likelihood Estimator of
                                Ability
                                In this report, an estimator of an ability parameter is proposed based on the weighted
                                likelihood estimator. A simulation study shows the estimator reduces the bias caused by the
                                uncertainty of the item parameter estimates not taken into account . (ETS RR-07-23.
                                Authors: J. Zhang & T. Lu)
                                Read more.

                                <Back to the Too


                               Scale Drift in Test Equating on a Test That Employs Cut Scores
                               This study examines scale drift on a test that employs cut scores using data from three
                               tests. Findings indicate that the effect of scale drift on actual pass ifail status of test takers is
                               not large . (ETS RR-07-34. Author: G. Puhan)
                               Read more.

                               <Back to the Top


                               The Standardized Letter of Recommendation: Implications for Selection
                               In an intern-selection scenario , a multidimensional Rasch investigation suggests the
                               Standardized Letter of Recommendation displayed satisfactory psychometric properties in



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0010484
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ETS Education Research Update                                                                                                      Page 6 of 6


                                 reliability, model fit, item fit statistics , and discrimination . (ETS RR-07-38. Authors: O.L. Liu,
                                 J. Minsky, G. Ling & P. Kyllonen)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Badt to the Top


                                 Supporting Efficient, Evidence-Centered Item Development for the GREG Verbal
                                 Measure
                                 This paper explores alternative approaches for facilitating efficient , evidence-centered item
                                 development for a new type of verbal reasoning item developed for use on the GRE General
                                 Test. (GRE Board Research Report No . 03-14, ETS RR-07-29. Authors: K.M. Sheehan, I.
                                 Kostin , & Y. Futagi)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too


                                 Time Requirements for the Different Item Types Proposed for Use In the Revised
                                 SATO
                                 Three data sources are used in this study to estimate time requirements for different item
                                 types on the current SAT Reasoning Test"". (College Board Research Report No. 2007-03,
                                 ETS RR-07-35. Authors: B. Bridgeman, C. Cahalan Laitusis & F. Cline)
                                 Read more.

                                 <Back to the Too

                                                            Please let us know if you wish to unsubsatbe from this newsletter.
                                    Copyright 0 2008 by Educational Testing Service. AS rights reserved . ETS, the ETS logo, LISTENING. LEARNING.
                                   LEADING., E-RATER, TOEFL and GRE are registered trademarks of Educational Testing Service (ETS) In the United
                                  States of America and other countries throughout the world. PRAXIS is a trademark of ETS. ADVANCED PLACEMENT
                                 PROGRAM, AP and SAT are registered trademarks of The College Board. SAT REASONING TEST is a trademark of The
                                                                                   College Board. 7764


                 --------------------------------------------------
                 This e-mail and any files transmitted with it may contain privileged or confidential information.
                 It is solely for use by the individual for whom it is intended , even if addressed incorrectly.
                 if you received this e - mail in error , please notify the sender ; do not disclose , copy, distribute,
                 or take any action in reliance on the contents of this information ; and delete it from
                 your system. Any other use of this e-mail is prohibited.

                 Thank you for your compliance.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010485
