Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday , January 23, 2008 11:27 AM
              To:                     JENANDJEWEL@YAHOO.COM
              Subject:                RE: Fish and Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent : Wednesday, January 23, 2008 7:07 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: JENNIFER VON BERGEN

             address : 201 E . SPRUCE AVE. WASILLA AK 99654

               907-376-5016



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,



             The recent request from villagers desiring the right to kill wolf pups in their den
             disturbs me. I request you not allow this as a means of wolf control.



             I understand they are seeking this as a means to bring moose populations back to what they
             once were , but I believe multiple factors have reduced the moose population . It is wrong
             to go on a killing spree of these newborn pups in a misguided attempt in bringing moose
             numbers up.



              I stongly oppose killing wolves in their dens.



             Sincerely,

             Jennifer Von Bergen


                                                                    1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0010507
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              JENANDJEWELOYAHOO.COM




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0010508
