Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

              From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 24, 2008 6:26 PM
              To:                      Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR)
              Subject:                 Re: AGIA

              Thanks Marty . It's been amazing how folks misinterpret our AGIA stedfastness. I'm
              convinced that some of these entities that want Alaskans to believe that we won ' t allow
              the public to hear their proposals will put the nail in their own coffin once Alaskans see
              and hear their proposals .  I don ' t want Alaskans to think we fear their public discussion
              of competing ideas - and some are spinning this horribly . I know you know this - and I
              appreciate you letting the public know we're not deaf to ideas other than TC's      in fact
              other i deas are encouraged to be debated , but AGIA dictates TC's plan be considered be of
              its conformity.

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR)" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>



              Date : Thu, 24 Jan 2008 18:21:36

              To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject : Re: AGIA




             Thanks Governor .   I didn't mean to bother you with my question , but I obviously sent my
             inquiry to you instead of sending it to Joe.     My apologies . However, this is useful
             information in order to ensure we are responding to your concerns .    Regarding a response
             to Gov Hickel ' s letter , I am having a response drafted that can be sent simultaneous to
             issuing the decision on the Port Authority' s request for reconsideration.

              Marty




               ----- Original message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Cc: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

              Sent: Thu Jan 24 15:52:41 2008

              Subject: Re: AGIA
                                                                                                                                         s


              It's a follow up to Joe and my discussion earlier re: the perception too many people have
             re: us "not allowing" entities besides TC to be heard on gasline ideas. It was also a
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0010559
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              follow to an email I sent Joe today asking if anyone ever responded to Hickel ' s letter (we
              evidently haven ' t responded ). Rickel ' s letter from two weeks ago re : their fears about us
              causing frustration due to AGIA...

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----original Message-----

               From :   " Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR)" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>



               pate : Thu, 24 Jan 2008 15:46:15

               To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

               Subject: Re: AGIA




               Joe,     Any idea what the Gov's referring to in the message below?

                Marty



                ----- Original Message -----

                From : gov.sarah®yahoo. com <gov .sarah@yahoo.com>

                To: Balash , Joseph R    (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

               Cc: Leschper , Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty
             K (DNR ); Galvin, Patrick S ( DOR); Anders , Bruce F ( DNR); Gibson , Kurtis K (DNR); Kelly,
             Russell T (GOV)

                Sent : Thu Jan 24 12:30 : 02 2008

                Subject: AGIA



               We WILL hear from All Ak Gasline supporters , agpa and angda ... We are NOT going to "pull
             a Murkowski " and refuse to let others talk about their gasline ideas ... even including
             supporting legislative hearings on all the ideas - this " gasline team is refusing..." is
             getting out of hand - we are listening, we will listen ... and those applications will
             speak for themselves at the end of the day . We need to fix the misperception that's out
             there.

                Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from cellular One




                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0010560
