Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 24, 2008 1:54 PM
              To:                      valerie.goodwin@matsukl2. us
              Subject:                 RE: Education


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

              Sent: Thursday, January 24, 2008 1:57 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Education



              Web mail from : Mr. Daniel Brown

              address :   7362 W Parks Hwy # 725 Wasilla AK 99654

               907-373-1600




              MESSAGE:

              Hey, Govorner Sarah Palin. This is Daniel Brown. I was the MidValley High School student
              that you served food with at the 16th Annual Christmas Friendship Dinner. I wanted you to
              know, that was a great experience for me. It is such a good feeling doing things for
              others. I am glad you were able to take time out of your busy schedule to help with
              something so important to the Mat-Su Valley. That is why I would like to invite you and
              your family to participate in MidValley High School's 5th Annual Trail of Remembrance on
              Saturday, May 10th. The Trail of Remembrance is a 5k walk, run, or bike. Each participant
              is able to honor a Veteran of their choice. All honoree names are put on individual signs
              that are displayed marking the trail each year. The trail starts at Big Lake Napa and ends
              in our school parking lot in the Meadow Lakes City Center. The money raised is split
              between our school and local veterans. This money helps our school provide students with
              opportunities to go to differ

              ent conferences , as well as supplement our prom and graduation . Your support would be
              greatly appreciated by all MidValley students, as well as the local veterans. If you have
              time to reply, please use this staff e-mail: valerie.goodwin@matsukl2.us, or the school
              contact information. I want to thank you again , for your time, and all your support here
              in the valley.



              Sincerely,




                                                                   1




                                                                                                          P RA_GS P01 _0010564
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Daniel Brown

              MidValley High School (6-12)



              valerie . goodwin@matsukl2.us




                                                         2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0010565
