Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
              Sent:                     Thursday, January 24, 2008 1:55 PM
              To:                       Kurth; J (DNR)
              Subject:                  RE: Other

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us      (mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

              Sent : Thursday, January 24,       2008 1:42 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Mr. Tom Kurth

              address :   P.   0. Box 60337 Fairbanks AK 99706

               907 590-3184




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,



              I found it interesting that the Senate (and Legislature) could not accomodate your request
              for changing the time of the State of the State address since this was to ensure you could
              make the plane for Track's graduation from boot camp. This request seemed reasonable,
              timely, and offered a subite opportunity for our representatives to make a statement on
              duty, country, the war, and family.



              Instead , certain folks made it seem like they had to make a stand for whatever reason.
              Sorry about that.



              Thanks for your work and representation.



              tom.kurth@ alaska.gov




                                                                    1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010563
