Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Thursday, January 24, 2008 10:40 AM
              To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Savland; Monica L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Wednesday, January 23, 2008 5:12 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Ms. Catherine Mormile

              address: HC 35 Box 5420CR Wasilla AK 99654

               907 561 1800



              MESSAGE:

              Communication appears to be a timely issue within the executive branch. With respect
              offered and public service in mind, I submit this editorial I wrote in the Frontiersman. I
              hope it helps the dialog towards positive out comes for all. Catherine



              Effective communication must be cultivated

             By Catherine Mormile

              Spectrum, January 22, 2008




             As a healthcare provider, I feel compelled to comment after last week's incident of
             communication conflict between Governor Palin, state Rep. John Harris and state Sen. Lyda
             Green over scheduling of the State of the State address this past week.



             This seemingly small incident, but unresolved communication conflict, appears to have
             culminated in belittling of Senator Green by two Anchorage radio announcers in the
             presence of Governor Palin, to which she did not stop or disagree with the insults, but
             just laughed. Such errors in communication have been known to cause unnecessary
             interpersonal conflicts.



             Communication error and misunderstandings between individuals account for nearly 70
             percent of the conflicts, loss of productivity, job dissatisfaction and loss of personal
             well-being in the workplace. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010587
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              determined that workplace conflict with loss of personal sense of well - being contributes
              to incidences of depression , obesity and low fitness levels . Nearly 10 million U.S.
              workers complain each year of work - related head and neck pains . One of the main causes
              cited for such pains are the consequences of improper communication.



              Over the last 50 years , the terms " health" and "healthcare " have undergone changes in
              definition and application . Health, once defined as absence of disease , is now defined as
              a physical , mental and social process of an individual to enjoy quality of life and
              satisfaction . Healthcare systems now favor an active rather than passive process by which
              patients are encouraged to become more aware of factors that relate to healthy living and
              to participate in demonstrating choices and behaviors that promote a more successful
              existence.



              In December 2007 , the governor ' s Alaskan Health Care Strategies Planning Council
              identified a key healthcare goal of promoting personal health responsibility. Governor
              Palin reiterated the importance of personal health responsibility in her recent State of
              the State address . Practicing effective interpersonal communication skills are essential
              behaviors that directly promote health and well-being . Ineffective communication skills,
              on the other hand, are detriments to health.



              Ineffective communication may take the form of mechanical error , in that the speaker may
              not wait to obtain feedback the listener actually heard or understood the message or
              request . Or, the listener may. be so intent on getting a message heard he or she is not
              perceiving what is being said to them . In both cases there is an expectancy of being heard
              by the other and little or no effort put into making sure the message was understood. This
              is the old I-assumed - you-heard - me communication error . In this case , misunderstandings
              could be avoided by making sure the message is clear and understandable , that the listener
              is attentive and receptive , and that adequate feedback is obtained.



             Other barriers to effective communication take the form of attitude bias. It appears human
             nature for people to form prejudgments and expectancies of how others should or will
             behave , and to be upset when things do not turn out as expected . Once expectancies are
             formed in a person's mind, the prejudgments become the filter through which the individual
             chooses to view communication exchanges . Therefore , the communication process becomes
             erroneous because the emotional aspects of prejudgment prevented the listener from
             actually hearing, perceiving and weighing the merits of the objective evidence presented
             by the speaker.



             I am not proposing a person totally ignore previous judgments and perceptions; rather, to
             separate the emotional from the actual message , weigh the two for their merits, ask
             questions and seek feedback for clarifications, then make a decision based on evidence,
             not emotion.



             Assuring proper mechanics of communication by actively stopping to reflect upon a
             preexisting emotional bias while separating away the objective message is an essential
             skill required in healthy interpersonal exchanges, promotion of healthy behaviors and
             leadership.



             The last essence of proper communication is contained within the intent and delivery of
             the speaker. My mentor and friend, the late Louise Kellogg of the Spring Creek Farm in
             Palmer, taught me three principles she used for effective communication: 1. Seek to
             understand before demanding to be understood; 2. Honor those who are not present; 3.
             Determine whether the communication effort will promote goodwill and positive outcomes for
                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0010588
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              all involved . These are good principles to live by indeed.



              Improvements of cooperation and communication skills have been identified as essential
              issues to work on this year by legislators , the governor and residents. Like any behavior,
              it must be patiently nurtured and practiced by all as old habits are replaced . This will
              be a slow process , but an effective one. As Mark Twain wrote in 1896, "Habits are not to
              be thrown out the upstairs window, but coaxed down the stairs one step at a time."



              Catherine Mormile is a Wasilla resident , a doctor of physical therapy and board certified
              orthopedic specialist . She's the owner of a physical therapy private practice, is a
              medical author and medical illustrator.




              cupid@alaska.net




                                                             3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0010589
