Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 25, 2008 8:40 AM
             To:                      kouelle3@maine.rr.com
             Subject :                RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Thursday, January 24, 2008 5:35 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Kay Ouellette

             address: 244 Canterbury Rd Wells ME 04090

              2076468877



            MESSAGE:

            Good Evening Governor Palin!! I've been wanting to email you for over a month, but as a
            mom with 3 busy sons, a husband, volenteering at school, being a Mary Kay Consultant,
            church and every other requirement a mom has I haven't had the moment, until tonight.



            I do not know if you know this, but you were featured in our "local" newspaper, "The
            Portland Press Herald" or "The Maine Sunday Telegram", both papers are the same. You were
            on page 2 of the first section. The article mentioned how you are cleaning house in your
            state and taking "no prisoners", working with BOTH parties (can you believe it!!), and
            even though you are a Republican you took the Oil People to "the mat" and won!!!!



            I wanted to cut the article out, but it ended up in our wood stove to start the daily
            fire.  Yes we have wood stoves in Maine .   Actually you would not believe the number of
            people outside New England ( Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont, Massachusetts , Rhode Island,
            and Conneticut) that think Maine is part of Canada.     Sometimes I think the Weather Channel
            considers Maine part of Canada. The Weather Channel needs a geography lesson , they think
            the Northeast ends in Boston .  Oh, well enough about Maine.



            The article also mentioned that you might be a good running mate for the Republican
            Nominee . Well I am here to tell you don't take the job. Stay Governor of Alaska. Do a




                                                                                                            P RA_G S P01 _0010620
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             great job helping the people in your state, I think they need you. I am not trying to be
             rude, but from what the article mentioned it sounds like you still have alot of work to do
             and to leave with the work not finished will only hurt Alaska . I am a registered
             Republican and I'm not to happy with what is out there and I am afraid it you took the
             Vice-President spot that you could loose.  Then Alaska would loose even more. I wish
             Governor Baldici had your nerve!!!



             I realize you may never receive this email because of all the email you get from your own
             state and it should be that way. But I wanted to email you and say "Good Job", now if you
             could teach the rest of the Governors to stand up and be counted then I think things would
             be better.



             Good luck with the rest of your term and I hope all goes well. Someday my husband Jeff
             and I hope to go to Alaska . Take care and God ' s Blessings , Kay Ouellette, Wells, Maine



             PS Yes, Wells is right on the Atlantic Ocean!!



             kouelle3@maine . rr.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0010621
