Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWINI
             Sent:                    Friday, January 25, 2008 8:29 AM
             To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
             Cc:                      Fogels; Edmund J (DNR)
             Subject:                 Fw: Homer news story


             Governor ,  the public outreach program for explaining the "permit process " is proceeding
             very well .  I really appreciate the work Ed and his team are doing on this effort, if
             life ever slows down we would like to give you a condensed version of the,2 - hour program.
             I think you will appreciate the news article below. Tom



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Fogels, Edmund J (DNR)

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Cc: Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

             Sent: Fri Jan 25 08:07:56 2008

             Subject: Homer news story



             Tom-here is the Homer News story on our public meeting last week.




            In addition to Homer , we have held meetings in Anchorage , Fairbanks , and Juneau ( November
            13-15 ).   Also , we are in the process of scheduling meetings in Dillingham , Bethel, and
            Nome .   Dates are not set yet , but we hope to hold these in the next two months .  We also
            did this presentation to the Lake and Peninsula Planning and Zoning Commission in
            December , and we may go back there to do a full public meeting sometime this Spring.
            Presentations are also scheduled for the Alaska Forum on the Environment to be held in
            Anchorage the week of February 11, and at the Alaska Wilderness Recreation and Tourism
            Association Conference on February 20. We stand ready to bring our presentation to any
            community or forum that requests us.




            Ed




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010624
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Homer News - January 23, 2008




             Mine permit team can, does say 'no'




             BY MICHAEL ARMSTRONG

             STAFF WRITER



             DNR, OHMP , ADEC, COE, NEPA, EIS, ROD and TEK. ARD, ML,      NPDES , MZ, Air Q and Water Q.



             When members of the LMPT that's the Large Mine Permitting Team spoke last Tuesday on how
             large mines get permitted in Alaska, acronyms fell like snow sliding off a steep metal
             roof during a mid-winter Chinook.



             Or, as Victor Ross of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said about halfway through the
             three-hour talk, "If you haven't had enough acronyms, if you haven't had enough discussion
             of words and letters you're going to get more," he said.



             About 25 people attended the Jan. 22 presentation, many of them wearing "No Pebble"
             buttons. "The Process for Permitting Mine Projects in Alaska" is a talk given by state 'and
             federal officials on how large mines like the Red Dog Mine, the Pogo Mine and the proposed
             Pebble Project proceed from exploration to production and beyond. The Large Mine Project
             Team spoke about the permitting process last year in Fairbanks and Anchorage and will give
             its presentation this year in Dillingham, King Salmon and Bethel.



             "Alaskans need to understand the complexities of the mine permitting process," Alaska
             Department of Natural Resources Commissioner Tom Irwin said in announcing the workshops.
             "It is not simply a matter of DNR saying yes or no, but rather the coordinated involvement
             of many state and federal agencies to process dozens of separate permit applications."



             That's a point the presenters kept emphasizing.



             "There is no one DNR permit," said Ed Fogels, division director of DNR Office of Project.
             Management and Permitting in Anchorage. "There are many, many permits."




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0010625
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To dramatize the scale of the permits , Fogels showed a slide of the permit application
             package for the Pogo Gold Mine near Delta Junction a small library of about 20 4-inch-
             thick books.



             The Large Mine Permitting Team made up of representatives from DNR , the Alaska Department
             of Fish and Game , the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation , the U.S.
             Environmental Protection Agency and the U . S. Army Corps of Engineers begins working with
             mining companies before a mine is developed.



             Although on its Web site Pebble officials say the project is in the "pre-permitting" stage
             of development, the Large Mine Permitting Team is already working with Northern Dynasty
             and Anglo American now known as the Pebble Partnership in the exploration and
             environmental assessment stage of the project, what it calls the pre-scoping and schedule
             phase.



             "The team is involved ," Fogels said .    " We've been for years at Pebble , and it hasn't even
             approved permitting."



             The Pebble Partnership has been getting state permits for exploration work, said Sean
             Magee , director of public affairs with the Pebble Partnership, and the Large Mine
             Permitting Team has visited the project site to check on permit compliance.



             "We do have a relationship with them ," Magee said . " Certainly we share with the Large Mine
             Permitting Team and its members our environmental study plans every year , so they're aware
             of the work we do."



             What Pebble hasn ' t done yet is start the long , involved process of getting the more than
             60 local, state and federal permits needed to dig minerals out of the ground and send them
             to market . That can mean everything from road permits to wastewater disposal permits.



             "Our job is to make sure all these permits are marching along in coordinated fashion,"
             Fogels said.



            "The focus is to synchronize it (the process )," he added . " It's a more efficient way to do
            it. It ' s easier on the applicant , it's easier on the agencies , it's easier on the
            public."



            One criticism of the permitting process is that mining companies are never told "no."
            That ' s not true , Fogels said . The Large Mine Permitting Team denies permits all the time
            but it also gives companies a chance to correct problems with permits . Sometimes, a
            company can ' t produce a mining plan that satisfies agencies , as with the A-J Mine in
            Juneau , where miners wanted to dispose of tailings by dumping them underwater and
            offshore.



            "We worked with them quite a while until the no's killed the project ," Fogels said.


                                                               3




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0010626
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The permitting process also goes beyond the development phase of the project into mining
             reclamation. The Large Mine Permitting Team makes sure reclamation and closing the mine is
             done properly. Large mines have to put up some sort of financial assurance that money has
             been set aside for reclamation and long-term monitoring, said Tom Crafford, DNR mining
             coordinator. A mine like Red Dog, for example, has put up $155 million in financial
             assurance.



             "When you evaluate a proposal for a mine, you evaluate it for its closure," Fogeys noted.



             At a question-and-answer period at the end, a lot of questions turned to Pebble. On the
             status of the Pebble Partnership's permit application, Fogels said he keeps hearing that
             applications will be coming within one to two years.



             "We've heard that for five years," he said. "We keep expecting them."



             Magee said the Pebble Partnership would apply for permits by 2009 at the earliest.



            Officials also were asked.if they had enough staff or funding to monitor the permit
            process and mines once permitted. Fogels noted that the state of Alaska bills mining
            companies for its permitting work. That's not the case with the federal government.
            Funding for Corps of Engineers or EPA work comes out of its national budget.



            "Are we adequately funded? No," Ross of the Corps of Engineers said. "I would love to have
            more money to go out into the field."



            One limitation of the Large Mine Permitting Team is that while it gets its authority from
            Alaska statutes, the actual process isn't encoded in a single regulation.



             "It's not prescribed anywhere," Fogels said.



            The Large Mine Permitting Team has a Web site detailing the process, including a paper and
            the slides from the presentation, available at www.dnr.state.ak.us/mining/largemine. Links
            to mining projects like Pebble show the status of those mine's permit applications.



            Michael Armstrong can be reached at michael.armstrong@homernews.com.




                                                            4




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0010627
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Ed Fogels , Director



             Alaska Departmtent of Natural Resources



             Office of Project Management and Permitting



             550 West 7th Avenue, Suite 1400



             Anchorage ,   AK 99501-3561




              (907) 269-8431




             fax: (907 )   269-8918




                                                           5
