Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov. sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent:.                  Friday, January 25, 2008 7:16 AM
             To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Fw. not adding up



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2008 15:04:07

             To:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: not adding up




            I hear ya- those last two points are my concerns. The "Tom" and "Mark" names are mixed up,
            I believe, be tibbles explained (while he stood by Annette's side during the explanation)
            one was the brother of the DEC guy, but both were friends of Bitney's. He also added that
            Maher didn't like tibbles and "feared for his job" when he became COS, tho Maher was
            actually promoted to acting commissioner before Hartig was hired.



            It's too weird. And I couldn't talk to Annette about all I wanted to be she didn't seem
            sympathetic to the bigger pic here re: trust, she said I'll always have critics, in any
            group... Duh. And tibbles was standing right there.



            I left a voice mail with Hartig. Hopefully he'll call today.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             .----Original Message-----

            From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



            Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2008 00:15:57

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: not adding up




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            a few things you relayed tonight don ' t quite add up, and bruce brought up a good point
            when I relayed it to him as well.



            1.   did they tell you it was someone named " tom" maher ?     there is no "tom maher" in the
            state system when i pull the directory . only mike maher ,     the admin services director of
            dec.  seems vague.

            2.   also weird that they told you not to follow up. is that because maher was told by
            someone officially to get something out to bitney or adn? a stretch but maybe. or did
            maher transmit it at all?

            3.   why caution you not to follow up , simple for hartig to ask maher "did you send
            something to bitney or the adn?"



            i'll try to stop obsessing over this and let it rest.



            f




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0010642
