Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, January 25, 2008 8:30 AM
             To:                      kicksaver@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, January 24, 2008 8:25 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from:     Michael Hersey

             address ;   1505 Bluebell St Fairbanks AK 99701

              907-452-1491




            MESSAGE:

                   Tom Kriska told me that Todd was running the Iron Dog again. Good Luck to Todd! The
            defending Champ. I hope your family is well and especially Track, I was in the military
            and it can be challenging at times. The reason for this letter however is for you. I hope
            you are not getting burned out, we, and I mean we, are happy with your service to us. I
            wish we could do more than simply thanking you. Governor, you sure have put the vision
            back into the people. Please, keep up the good work and thanks for your sacrifice. You
            won't be forgotten. Mike h.



            kicksaver@acsalaska.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010623
