Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, January 25, 2008 5:57 AM
             To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Cc:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
             Subject:                 Re: Thank you Gasline Team!!


             Wow- this is incredible!!! Thank you for sharing this. I love you guys. And I wish and
             pray that those who act like ignorant sheep listening to baa's and blah's from uninformed,
             selfish critics of AGIA would wake up to the amazing efforts and success of your team. You
             are patient and gracious and wise ... and so tenacious . I speak for true Alaskans who care
             to see fairness , justice and a successful resource development plan : you are loved and
             appreciated beyond words! And we have great faith that you're on the right path, AGIA is
             key, and there will be victory for Alaska thanks to you all.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



             Date: Thu ,    24 Jan 2008   22:45:46

             To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Fw: Thank you Gasline Team!!




             Governor,  I thought you should see this. It will be very encouraging for you to hear
             what your leadership has allowed. We are truly blessed'to get to work with Marty and all
             those participating on the gasline team! Tom



               ---- Original Message -----

              From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Thompson, Nan G
             (DNR); Banks , Kevin R (DNR); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Scott, Antony G (DNR); Anders, Bruce
             F (DNR); Crosley, Marie M (DNR); Davis, Marcia R (DOR); 'dfauske@ahfc.state.ak.us'
             <dfauske @ahfc.state.ak.us>; 'bbutcher@ahfc.state.ak.us' <bbutcher@ahfc.state.ak.us>; Rutz,
             Christopher (AIDEA); Harris, Bonnie E (LAW); 'MinesingerK@gtlaw.com'
             <MinesingerK@gtlaw.com>; 'SheplerD@gtlaw.com' <SheplerD@gtlaw.com>; Iversen, Allison K
             (JPO); Marsh, Kenneth E (DNR); Laing, Ian M (DOR)

              Sent :    Thu Jan 24 22:27:06 2008

              Subject: Thank you Gasline Team!!



              All,

                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010648
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               I've been feeling the pressure lately and      I've been feeling a tad sorry for myself.
              Mostly I think about the fact that I'm 56 years old, I'm a year past full retirement, I
              wake up almost nightly between 3 and 4 a . m. worrying about AGIA and all the challenges,
              minefields and workloads , and I ' ve been in this pressure cooker for more years than I care
              to remember . As you can see, a veritable pity party!



               And then, ever so slowly , I begin to think about Joe and Tom who live away from their
              families most of every month , and that Joe must deal with the Legislature and all their
              complexities every day all day , and who we rely upon to provide us our political insight
             and guidance , and Antony who must manage the AGIA technical team and the CP technical team
             and the TAPS tariff issues, and the ongoing DOG commercial demands and the fact that we
             all want him involved in everything we do , and Pat and Tom needing to make incredibly
             difficult AGIA ' decisions and respond to all our meeting demands , as well as ensuring
              their agencies don't fall apart while they focus on gasline , and Pat having many children,
             and Tom trying to manage me, and Pat trying to manage Marcia , and Nan overseeing the PTU
             litigation , keep the rest of us attending gasline meetings and focused on the correct
             issues in the appropriate fashion , and managing all the Oil & Gas units for the state of
             Alaska , including cleaning up decades of mistakes and attempting to answer unanswerable
              legal questions , and trying to manage both me and Marcia , and Dan and Brian who attend all
             our meetings , have learned all about the gasline's technical complexities , travel to
             Juneau on our behalf , speak out in defense of the AGIA process , and then return to,AHFC to
             full - time jobs running the state's largest mortgage lending institution , and Chris who
             spends untold after hours , including in the middle of the night and on weekends,
             developing our systems , feeding the systems and supporting every single one of us in so
             many large and small ways , and then returning to AIDEA to a full time job running that
             development corporations procurement program , and Kurtis who we all expect , at a moments
             notice , to speak out in defense of AGIA in an articulate , clever and knowledgeable
             fashion, and to oversee a national effort to "sell " our Alaska Gasline vision , to be our
             in-house expert on all things relating to gas marketing , and to ensure the DOG doesn't
             stumble in its daily effort to generate about 87% of the state ' s general funds , and Bruce
             who we expect to work 24 / 7's to write first drafts of much of our outeach documents, and
             to coordinate and oversee our outreach efforts , and to challenge our premises and "sharpen
             our steel against steel ", and Marie who we expect to ensure that our Findings address .
             EVERYTHING we've been discussing over the past year , but in a perfectly organized and.:.
             crystalized fashion , and to ensure we are well organized when we need to reach-out and
             touch every single legislator, and Bonnie who must investigate every legal nuance to
             ensure we are heading in the right direction , and then force an incredibly unruly and
             opinionated lot into submission, or it she can ' t, at least direct us onto a defensible
             path , and to oversee the many legal contractors , and to try and manage Don and Ken, who
             are almost as unmanageable as me and Marcia , and Don who continues to produce and
             participate loooong into the. East Coast nights in spite of being told that he should slow
             down a tad, at least for a short period of time , and Ken who has given up sleep as being
             over-rated , in favor or working around the clock producing documents that are "urgent" and
             like Don, continues to think we are fun clients , having obviously lost their minds, and
             Kevin who we expect to throw at Juneau to address anything commercial , and to do so in a
             fashion that protects DOG from criticism , and to graciously allow all of us to mainline
             his staff for the overarching interests of the state , but to also be responsible for
             ensuring nothing important drops through the cracks at DOG, and Allison who has jumped
             into the fray late enough in the game to know better , but still did so willingly and
             enthusiastically , helping us to focus on many ROW and public outreach insights , and Ian
             Laing who also should have known better than to look willing to join our merry - band, but
             in doing so proves once again the adage that " no good deed . goes unpunished " as Ian will
             now be force - marched to Juneau to assist Joe , and us all , in reminding our Legislative
             leaders why AGIA's provisions are so critical to Alaskans future , thereby giving up his
             homelife as well , and Ken Marsh , who like Chris , goes about the task of quietly supporting
             our efforts on a daily basis . And, although not a daily part of our Gasline Team , Governor
             Palin , who sends emails of inquiry and support at all hours of the days and nights and
             stands firm on the interests of the state and of Alaskans , in spite of tremendous
             pressure .   And the untold and unnamed Alaskans who are cheering for us !    And, finally, the
             many team members who have participated over the past year but are not currently at the
             table and the departmental staff who cover our backs on normal agency issues so that we
             can focus our energies on the gasline.      AND THEN IT OCCURS TO ME! I could not be prouder
             to be part of anything than I am to be part of this incredible team! You are all so
             remarkable , dedicated , intelligent , hard-working , that participating with you in this
             incredible adventure will be one of the highlights of my life .     As Kurtis , in his clever
                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010649
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              and articulate way    has said , " what emerges from the team is steel sharpened against
              steel" . And it is    and it is our strengh, and although often frustrating and difficult, I
              believe it is also    our pleasure .   What keeps me hanging - in when the going gets tough is
              all of you . And I    want to thank you for that and for being there for Alaska!

               Marty




                                                               3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0010650
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Edison Electric Institute                                                                               Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Friday, January 25, 2008 10:07 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: EEI's Statistical Products & Services



                 From , EEI Products & Services [mailto:eeionline@eei.org]
                 Sent: Friday, January 25, 2008 8:30 AM
                 To: Free Product Trials
                 Subject: EEI's Statistical Products & Services

                 You are receiving this email because you have requested to be notified of new Industry Statistics
                 information and publications. If you wish to be removedfrom this list, please reply to this
                 message and we will remove you.

                 If you are unable to view the email below, please go to EEI 's website at
                 http://www.eei . org/webmaii/product promotion/stats.htm

                  X Edison Electric Institute




                     X http://www.ee        Statistical Yearbook of the Electric Power Industry

                                            The premier reference source for electric power industry operations
                                            statistics . Data contained in the tables cover all areas of the electric
                                            power Industry. Includes national , regional, and state statistics. MORE




                      x; http://www.eei.o   Weekly Electric Output

                                            The only effective way to monitor the pulse of the nation's electricity
                                            grid! See total electricity loads on a regional and national basis for the
                                            contiguous U.S. MORE


                                            Profiles and Rankings of Shareholder -Owned Electric Companies




                 10/29/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010651
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Edison Electric Institute                                                                                Page 2 of 3




                    j p1 http:/lwww.ee      A resource for company- level information and key comparative industry
                                            data on most shareholder- owned electric companies . An ideal publication
                                            for utilities, governmental agencies, state utility commissions , energy
                                            consultants, financial institutions and others. MORE




                    [ i http:/lwww.ee
                                            Historical Statistics of the Electric Utility Industry
                                            This comprehensive reference traces important operating and financial
                                            data as far back as 1902. Data are presented in tables that clearly show
                                            information and trends for both the shareholder-owned electric
                                            companies and the total electric power industry. MORE




                    [ ^ http://www.ee
                                            Glossary of Electric Industry Terms

                                            Definitions for terms commonly used throughout the electric power
                                            industry plus the meanings of the latest terminology MORE




                        http:Nwww.eei.or'
                                            Customized Research and Data Requests

                                            Can't find the statistics you are looking for ? We offer years of
                                            experience with a wide-range of publicly and privately available electric
                                            power and energy industry databases and can provide you with data
                                            that is specific to your needs! MORE




                                            Visit EEI ' s Website for More Information on Products and
                                            Services Available!

                                            Edison Electric Institute
                                            701 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
                                            Washington , DC 20004-2696
                                            (202)508-5000
                                            www.eei.oro



                                            You are receiving this email because you have requested to be notified
                                            of new Industry Statistics information and publications . If you wish to be
                                            removed from this list, please reply to this message and we will remove
                                            you. Thank you!




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0010652
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Edison Electric Institute                                                                           Page 3 of 3



                  Fij 701 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W. Washington, D.C. 20004-2696 202-508-5000




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010653
