Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Friday , January 25, 2008 8:03 AM
                 To:       Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: ITI Line of Business Will Effect FY09 IT Budgets - Learn at Workshop



                From : IT Infrastructure LOB Workshop - Feb 13th [mailto:Art@PotomacForum-HolidayParty.org]
                Sent: Friday, January 25, 2008 6:30 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: ITI Line of Business Will Effect FY09 IT Budgets - Learn at Workshop

                     Please forward to your Associates: CIO, CTO, CFO, Program Managers, Staff, and all Interested In the
                                                        OMB Lines of Business Initiatives-

                                          Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                                         Line of Business (LOB) Initiative Workshop-
                                            Understanding the Impact on Your Agency
                              What you Need to Know and How to Position Your Transition for Success

                                                             February 13, 2008

                                              City Club of Washington at Columbia Square
                                                            Washington, D.C.

                      This one-day Workshop will provide participants with the foundation that is needed to
                    transition their agencies to successfully achieve the vision of the Information Technology
                                            Infrastructure (ITI) Line of Business (LOB).

                                       Most agencies will be impacted by the ITI LOB Initiative




                                                           Keynote Speaker
                                                             Steve Kempf
                                                     Deputy Assistant Commissioner for
                                                      Integrated Technology Services
                                                   Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) GSA
                                            FAS is the New Program Management Office for the
                                                           ITI Line of Business

                     What You Will Learn:

                              Understand the concept behind OMB's Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                              Lines of Business (LOB) initiative and the current status of the initiative

                              Know how to assess your organization to determine where your cost or level of
                              service differs from industry best-of- breed IT organizations

                              Know how to formulate your agencies response to achieve the cost and service level



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



                             goals of the ITI LOB

                             > Understand what steps are required to transition your organization to a best -of-breed
                                 organization

                             > Learn tools and tips for ensuring your agency is continually achieving best-of-breed
                                 status


                                                          Registration and Information:
                                                              www.potoMacforum.org
                                                                    Call: (703) 683-1613

                                                                        Sponsored by:
                                                                Potomac Forum, Ltd.
                                             a non-profit educational organization founded In 1982




                                                      This email was sent to: governor@gov,state. ak. us

                             We hope that you will want to continue receiving information about Potomac Forum , Ltd. training,
                             professional development and other events of interest to the government and industry partners.
                             We safeguard our lists and do not rent , sell, or permit the use of our lists by others , at any time,
                                                                       for any reason.

                              If you wish to be electronically taken off this mail list of training opportunities, please go h e re or
                                                                 modify your email information.




                                                                            Potamxc Forum* Ud




                                                       This email was sent by: Potomac Forum, Ltd.
                                                   10137 Colebrook Ave , Potomac , Maryland, 20854 , USA




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI _0010656
