Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1




                 Unknown
                 From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUAROJ
                 Sent:     Friday, January 25, 2008 12:49 PM
                 To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Meeting with Mayor Homaday / Homer

               Governor.

               There is a meeting scheduled for 2 :00 pm with Mayor Homaday . His main transportation issue is probably the
               one-time reduction In ferry service that starts in December, 2008, when the Tustemena goes into drydock for
               extensive repairs. AMHS has scheduled the Kennecott to provide backup service but there will be a reduction in
               the amount of service . The Kennecott is the only other Ocean Certified vessel that can replace the Tustemena
               but it costs twice as much to operate . ($420,000 a week) and the Homer run only generates about $50,000 a
               week in revenue. AMHS decided that given the costs, etc., the proposed level of backup service provided by the
               Kennecott was reasonable . Mayor Hornaday probably disagrees.

               Other local officials like the City Manager of Kodiak, Linda Freed , have said they are happy with any amount of
               backup service when the Tustemena goes down because prior to 1998 when the Kennecott was built , they used
               to get no backup service.

               Randy




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0010662
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Byers , Gail Y (LAW)
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Friday, January 25, 2008 11:56 AM
              To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: I hope this helps


              This is beautiful - thanks so much! It can be forwarded to mr Readon.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date : Fri, 25 Jan 2008 11:14:02

              To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject : I hope this helps




             Sharon Leighow

             Deputy Press Secretary

             Deputy Communications Director



              (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage

              (907) 465-4031 Juneau

              (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                                    1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                               Jim Rearden embodies all that is great about Alaska , and for me, that means
                       he embodies what is best about America . A true original , he has not only told some
                       of the best stories about our state and its people , he has played an important role in
                       making Alaska what it is.

                               Alaska 's first inhabitants called this place "The Great Land", and today more
                       than ever this state provides a stunning expression of the grandeur that the natural
                       world has to offer . The state was founded , almost fifty years ago, by people who,
                       like Jim, loved the mountains , the rivers, the flora and the fauna of this remarkable
                       place with a deep devotion and had a commitment to responsible stewardship of our
                       fish and wildlife.

                            This sense of stewardship has always guided Alaska 's fish and game
                      management. And as an educator of wildlife biologists in the state , and a long-time
                      member of the Board of Fish and Game and the Board of Game, Jim Rearden has
                      helped embed this ethic in our people and our process.

                              The wise people who wrote Alaska 's Constitution insisted that our fish and
                      wildlife be maintained on the sustained yield principle . This requirement, unique
                      among constitutions everywhere , as implemented by generations of dedicated public
                      servants like Jim, has been instrumental in the growth of our world - renowned
                      fisheries and the hunting and wildlife viewing opportunities that make Alaska the
                      place where dreams come true.

                              Throughout his long and impressive career, Jim has had an appreciation for
                      those who came before him. He told me that he recently re-read the transcripts of
                      some conversations he had more than fifty years ago with his friend, a significant
                      figure in the early history of hunting and guiding in Alaska and the subject of this
                      book, Slim Moore. Immediately appreciating the historical value of the stories Slim
                      had told him all those years ago , and knowing well the joy of telling a good yarn, Jim
                      decided to gather them for this book.

                             I was deeply honored when he asked me to write a brief foreword, following
                      as I do in this and in so many things the footsteps of the late Governor Jay
                      Hammond , whose office I am humbled to occupy.

                              Jay valued the role that our hunting heritage has played in the Alaskan
                      mindset, and he took seriously his responsibility to respect the ethics of hunting and
                      guiding . The great guides and hunters of Alaska - the best place to hunt on earth -
                      show appropriate respect to their prey, and to all animals as well as to the natural
                      environment that nurtures them . In this book , Jim Rearden tells the story of a man
                      who understood this Implicitly and who is a fine example of the hardworking , ethical
                      spirit of stewardship that have given us the Alaska we know - where men, women
                      and children hunt, fish and enjoy the most beautiful , wild, Great Land anywhere. All
                      of us who are blessed to live here are in their debt.




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0010664
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 RE: Press response to CP letter                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :     Gibson, Kurtis K (ONR) [kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Saturday, January 26, 2008 11:15 AM
                 To:        Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); 'govpalin@yahoo.com'
                 Cc:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Press response to CP letter
                 Governor / Marty / Sharon

                 For what it's worth:

                 I think the response crafted should consider including the following points:

               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Note: i don 't know when the tom /marry/pat caravan rolls back into town , but i turn into a pumpkin at about
                3:30 today . i can make myself available tomorrow if necessary . please feel free to call me at 980-7527

                Kurt


                From : Anders, Bruce F (DNR)
                Sent: Sat 1/26/2008 10:34 AM
                To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); 'govpalin@yahoo.com'; ExternalEmailgsp
                Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV);
                Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
                Subject : RE: Press response to CP letter

                I began markup up Sharon 's presser release to capture this very delicate balance Marty articulated , and Pat and I just
                discussed. But I will cease and desist until Tom, Pat and Marty can discuss and provide explicit guidance on the
                message (and vehicle for it). In the meantime , because I have a hard time sitting on my hands , I will send Tom, Pat
                and Marty a draft to review after they touch down in Anch , and over the weekend.

                Bruce




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010665
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                RE: Press response to CP letter                                                                                Page 2 of 2




                -----Original Message-----
                From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)
                Sent: Sat 1/26/2008 10:17 AM
                To:'govpalin@yahoo. com; ExtemalEmailgsp
                Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K
                (DNR); Anders , Bruce F (DNR)

                Subject: Press response to CP letter

                Governor,
                Tom, Pat, and I have just landed in Seattle enroute from DC to AK . We are concerned that a response message be consistent
                with other discussions . And, while we know that we are always willing to talk with the companies, CP is saying we will not
                talk, meaning we won 't "negotiate". Furthermore CP is trying to confuse the public , and we don't want to exascerbate any
                confusion. Our preference is to think about how best to respond and get something out Monday . However, if you feel
                something must go out immediately , then we propose we talk sometime later this afternoon after we land and put it together
                at that time.


                Thanks, Marty




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0010666
