Unknown
From :                  fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Sent :                  Monday, April 21, 2008 11:10 AM
To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
Subject:                Re: Letter


Thanks Janice

-----Original Message-----

From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason @alaska.gov>



Date : Mon, 21 Apr 2008 10:55:51

To:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris. perry@alaska . gov>, fek9wnr@yahoo.com

Subject : RE: Letter




Thanks Kris - I have forwarded this letter to Mike Nizich also. We have not received this letter in the
Juneau office as of the last mail drop at 8:30 a.m. this morning. I will let you know when we do
receive it and what staff assistant it will be assigned to. Thanks, Janice




From : Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

Sent: Monday , April 21, 2008 9:58 AM

To: 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV)

Subject: Letter




                                                     1
                                                                                  ROSTON 02077




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Todd, you may have already seen this and I'm sure you heard it on news. Janice and I have talked
about it and she is seeing if the letter has been rec'd. It's dated Friday, so it likely hasn't come in yet.




Call to declare 'Energy Crisis' in Alaska




Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 10:26 AM

Governor Sarah Palin

 State of Alaska

 Juneau, Alaska 99811

 Re: Juneau Energy Crisis

Dear Governor Palin:

I empathize and sympathize with Juneau's "Energy Crisis". Welcome to Rural and Remote Alaska.

We have been living under these kinds of conditions for over 7 years with some assistance from our
state and federal governments.

We have accepted heating oil from a dictator because we need to heat our homes.

This Juneau Empire article says it all for us out here but in some instances magnified by 2 to 3
because we are paying much more for our heating fuel, gasoline, diesel, aviation fuel, and propane.

We need immediate action:

Please call for a Special Energy Session to declare an Energy Disaster in our state and take the
following action:

1) Please, by Executive Order, or legislation, give Mr. Haagenson Cabinet level powers and convert
AEA into the Dept. of Energy ASAP.

2) Develop an Alaska Fuel Subsidy Program that will take our Alaska State Royalty Oil, refine it at
                                                     2
                                                                                       ROSTON 02078




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Flint Hills or Nikiski, get the gasoline, diesel, heating oil, aviation fuel, and propane to our
communities at cost for refining and distribution, and cap the cost of all the fuel at $3.00 a gallon.

3) Work on an Alaska Sales Tax Waiver Program that would have the State of Alaska reimburse all
communities that have a sales tax to waive the tax on all electricity and fuel purchases.

We recognize and appreciate the fact that the state has provided funds for our communities by fully
funding the PCE program, provided additional energy funds for our schools, and added a significant
infusion of funds from your revenue sharing program that will all help our villages.

 However, with all of that, we still need massive state and federal intervention that will stop village
energy refugees from moving from our villages escaping high energy costs, keep our schools from
closing, and allow our villages to provide basic education, life, health, and public safety services.

Thank you for listening.

My best personal regards,

Nels Anderson, Jr.




Kris Perry, Director

Office of Governor Sarah Palin &

Office of International Trade

907.269.7450 (p)

907.269.7463 (f)




                                                    3                                  ROSTON 02079




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
