Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Anders, Bruce F (DNR) [bruce.anders@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Saturday, January 26, 2008 10:35 AM
            'To:                     Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); 'govpalin@yahoo.com'; ExternalEmailgsp
             Cc:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                                     (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR)
            Subject:                 RE: Press response to CP letter


            I began markup up Sharon's presser release to capture this very delicate balance Marty
            articulated, and Pat and I just discussed. But I will cease and desist until Tom, Pat and
            Marty can discuss and provide explicit guidance on the message (and vehicle for it). In
            the meantime, because I have a hard time sitting on my hands, I will send Tom, Pat and
            Marty a draft to review after they touch down in Anch, and over the weekend.



            Bruce




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Sent: Sat 1/26/2008 10:17 AM

            To: 'govpalineyahoo.com'; ExternalEmailgsp

            Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W
            (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

            Subject: Press response to CP letter



            Governor,

            Tom, Pat, and I have just landed in Seattle enroute from DC to AK. We are concerned that
            a response message be consistent with other discussions. And, while we know that we are
            always willing to talk with the companies, CP is saying we will not talk, meaning we won't
            "negotiate".  Furthermore CP is trying to confuse the public, and we don't want to
            exascerbate any confusion.  Our preference is to think about how best to respond and get
            something out Monday.  However, if you feel something must go out immediately, then we
            propose we talk sometime later this afternoon after we land and put it together at that
            time.

            Thanks, Marty




                                                                       1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0010739
