Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov.sarah©yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Sunday, January 27, 2008 8:45 PM
              To:                      Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
              Subject:                 Fw: Media list

              She'll look

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



              Date ; Sun, 27 Jan 2008 20:43:02

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: Re: Media list




             Governor-



              I believe there are hundreds on our press distribution list. I will print off a list for
             you tomorrow.  Some news outlets such as the Daily News and Ktuu receive the press
             releases in a general email address that can be accessed by everyone in the organization.
                I know what you are talking about and will look into this.



               ----- Original message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Sent: Sun Jan 27 17:12:30 2008

              Subject: Media list




              Sharon- who all is on our media press release recepient list? I'd like to see who
             received, for example , yesterday' s presser we sent out right before 5pm re: Conoco's
             response.



              There's something odd about a very vocal critic of our press releases and speeches - the
             person must receive the pressers before the general public sees them - because this critic
             posts them and spins our content into something negative everytime... and they're able to
             do this before the presser even gets printed or reported on in the mainstream media.
             Thanks

                                                                      1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010787
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                           2
