Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From:    Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJREHFELD]
                  Sent:    Saturday, January 26, 2008 11:43 AM
                 To:       Betty Vehrs
                 Cc:       Senator Lyda Green; Senator Donny Olson; Senator Charlie Huggins; Rep. Beth Kerttula; Rep Bill
                           Stoltze; Simmons; Lena L (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Havemeister, Franci A (DNR); Irwin; Tom
                           E (DNR); Notti; Emil R (CED); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Re-submittal of Funding Request for Alaska Associatiion of Conservation Districts

               Dear Ms. Vehrs - thank you for forwarding your funding request letter. As you know, the governor's proposed
               budget is before the legislature and the public for consideration . I am certain that this item , along with many other
               requests for funding that were not included in the governor 's initial budget, will be carefully considered . As to your
               request for a meeting with Governor Palin and Commissioner Irwin, I am copying Janice Mason , the governor's
               scheduler as she will know what may be possible during the time frame you have proposed.

               Thank you and please let me know if you have other questions. Karen Rehfeld

               **************************************
               Karen J. Rehfeld, Director
               Office of Management & Budget
               465-3568

               karen.rehfe1d(ao.a1aska.gov

               From: Betty Vehrs [mailto:bvehrs@gd.net]
               Sent: Wednesday, January 23, 2008 10:53 PM
               To: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
               Cc: Senator Lyda Green; Senator Donny Olson; Senator Charlie Huggins; Rep. Beth Kerttula; Rep Bill Stoltze;
               Simmons, Lena L (GOV); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Havemeister, Franca A (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Notti, Emil R
               (CED)
               Subject: Re-submittal of Funding Request for Alaska Associatiion of Conservation Districts
               Importance: High

               January 23, 2008

               Karen J. Rehfeld, Director of Office of management Budget
               P.O. Box 10020
               Juneau, Alaska 99811 - 0020

               Dear Director Rehfeld,

              Please find attached our November 21, 2007 funding request to the Honorable Governor
              Sara Palin. We have been encouraged to resubmit our second funding request to you at
              this time.

              As stated in our November letter, the 2.5 million dollar request was contingent upon


               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0010770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2



               receipt of federal funding. The amount of our federal earmark was originally $916,000.
               The adjusted amount is now $641 ,000 and is, at present , being challenged . We have
               every indication that we will receive this funding , and as such, we are reducing our state
               funding request accordingly , to 1.9 million dollars.

               Chris Rainwater , AACD President, and other members of AACD would like to meet with
               Governor Palin and Commissioner Tom Irwin to discuss in detail the funding request and
               the proposals in our November 21st letter. This meeting is very important to us and we
               can be available to meet with Governor Palin and her staff in Anchorage , Wasilla, Juneau
               or any place she designates, from February 18th thru March 26th. Please contact our
               Executive Director , Eric Wade at 357-4563 Ext 110 in our Wasilla Office , or myself at
               bvehrs@gci.net, 907-892-8258/907-232 -6887 at your earliest convenience to set up a
               date if at all possible . Thank you very much for your consideration.

               Warmly , Betty Vehrs
               AACD Revenue Committee Chair

               Alaska Association of Conservation Districts 1700 E. Bogard Rd . Suite 203, Wasilla, AK
               99654
               907-373-7923. Fax 907-373-7928

               Cc: Honorable Governor Sarah Palin
                   Senator Lyda Green
                   Senator Donny Olson
                   Senator Charlie Huggins
                   Rep. Beth Kerttula
                    Rep. Bill Stoltze
                    Tom Irwin, Commissioner , Alaska Dept. of Natural Resources
                    Emil Notti, Commissioner , Alaska Dept . of Commerce , Community and Economic
               Development
                    Francine Havemeister , Director of Agriculture
                    Lena Simmons , Program Budget Analyst V




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0010771
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 6



                  Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
                  From:         Birdman^iA [birdmankfr@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:         Saturday, January 26, 2008 4:00 PM
                  To:           adhdparentssupportgroup@yahoogroups .com; AlaskaClassAction@yahoogroups.com;
                                citizensoftheUSofA@yahoogroups .com; gabriel@91 ltruth. org; jophome @yahoogroups.com;
                                parentsagainstparentalalienation@yahoogroups.com; politics911 @91ltruth .org; Warren S. Rock;
                                suijuriscourtangels @yahoogroups .com; TheRevolutionaryCoalition @yahoogroups.com; v91lt@yahoogroups.com;
                                victimsoflaw_discuss@yahoogroups .com; WETHEPEOPLE_UNITED@yahoogroups.com;
                                WorldCitizen@yahoogroups.com
                  Cc:           Alec Baldwin ; bbtimes@nushtel .com; Berg ; Adam C (LAA); Kyle Von Bose; Buck ; Hannah K (GOV); CompassADN;
                                Doyel Currier; Techsignal Cycles ; dgladden3@yahoo . com; edftor@alaskanewspapers .com; editor@usatoday.com;
                                RADAR Info; info@91 1 truth .org; info@insurgent49 .com; jpedsonjr@mac.com; LettersADN; Mason; Janice L (GOV);
                                news_desk@ktuu.com; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Dyson; Fred (LAA); ssumida@alaskaintertribal.org;
                                ssumida4050@yahoo.com; Bob Walsh ; wystaff@wynonna.com
                  Subject: TRIBAL AUTONOMY Vs. STATE ENCROUCHMENTS...^I^

                To whom this may concern,

                I attached this in microsoft word for veiwing the whole document . It's time to right wrongs and this is intended as a vehicle
                to give a start in the right direction... Birdman^i^

                Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, First Alaskan Tribal Member
                In propria personum by special appearance, sui juris
                All Rights Reserved and No Rights Waived Without Prejudice.
                c/o Mail Stop
                Box 345
                Togiak Village, (near AK) [996781



                          Facsimile transmittal
                                    Janella K. Combs                             Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, Sui Juris by
                          To:                                           From:
                                    Assistance of Counsel?                       Special Appearance pro per
                                    (907) 842-3994                      Date:    January 26, 2008
                          Fax:
                                     1-888-628-2252                              Six (6)
                          Phone:                                        Pages:
                                    Case/trial "3DI-03-386 CR"          CC:      A.C.S. at DLG (907) 842-5746
                          Re:
                                                                                 Gov. Sarah Palin (907) 465-3532
                                        Tribal Autonomy Builds A Better Partnership With The State Respectfully!!!


                The Superior Court of Code Behavior Administration at Dillingham

                STATE OF ALASKA via CHIEF AARON PARKER                  Agency Case No.TPD-07-162 et al., given Case no.
                (complaintant), JUDGE FRED TORRISI, SUSAN              3DI-07-386 CR et al., (nexus to original charges)
                MITCHELL prosecuting attorney, POIII REXFORD
                SPOFFORD, JANELLA K. COMBS public defender             TRIBAL AUTONOMY vs. STATE
                agency, [UNDER EXECUTIVE BRANCH] et at,                ENCROUCHMENTS
                                   Plaintiff,
                         vs.
                NANCY VIRGINIA COOPCHIAK (assumed fiction)
                                   Defendant
                                                                                  Agency case no. AST 08-5218 CR
                                                                                  Case No. 3DI-05-672 CR
                Dear Janella,

                I put my faith in you to do what is morally right and wonder how you sleep at night living off your chosen profession. I
                also wonder what O.J. Simpson, Michael J. Jackson, Robert Blake and Drew Peterson have in common to receive an



                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0010772
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 6


                  aggressive defense from Counsel? The money to grease the aggressive defense wheel is all I can figure, void of due
                  process and equal protection under Rule of Law. Interesting charade and cast of characters work as magicians to conjure up
                  fictions of illusion to create equity out of thin air, with absolutely nothing in common with law under the independent
                 Judicial Branch of government but created by the Executive Branch under "The Agency". Governor Palin has her work cut
                 out for her to keep her visions concerning "uprooting corruption and making government transparent" with accountability
                 restored in government.
                   In the opinion of Nathan Margold on Powers of Indian (Alaska's Native) Tribes approved October 25, 1934 (55 I.D. 14):
                 "It is fact that State governments and administrative officials have frequently trespassed upon the realm of tribal autonomy,
                 presuming to govern the Indian (Alaska's Native) tribes through State law or departmental regulation or arbitrary
                 administrative fiat (This is no longer acceptable practice on Tribal Lands in Alaska.), but these trespasses have not
                 impaired the vested legal powers of local self-government which have been recognized again and again when these
                 trespasses have been challenged by an Indian (Alaska Native) tribe."

                 "In all Cases .... and those in which a State shall be a Party , the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction ." Art.III,
                 Sec. 2 United States Constitution

                Due Process provides that the "rights of Pro Per (Sui Juris) litigants are to be construed liberally and held to less stringent
                standards than formal pleadings drafted by lawyers; if court can reasonably read pleadings to state valid claim on which
                litigant could prevail, it should do so despite failure to cite proper legal authority, confusion of legal theories, poor syntax
                and sentence construction, or litigants unfamiliarity with pleading requirements." (Spencer v Doe, 1998; Green v Branson
                1997; Boag v McDougall, 1998; Haines v Kerner, 1972)

                "Sui Juris", "Pro Per", or "In Propria Personum " are the terms that are the status of the freeborn people in a courtroom,
                without disability, accessing your public record, bringing forth remedy according to lawful process. No other terms (e.g.
                "pro se or represented) mean the same thing.

                 In Propria Personum [pro per] Sui juris litigants must be treated with "special care because they occupy a position
                significantly different from that of litigants represented by counsel [bar attorney or incorporated services]."
                SOMERVILLE V. HALL, 2F.3D 1563, 1564 (11TH CIR.1993) AND JOHNSON V. PULLMAN, 845 F 2ND 911,914
                (11TH CIR.1988)

                 Conspiracy against Rights , 18 U.S.C. § 241. Section 241 of Title 18 is the civil rights conspiracy statute. Section 241
                makes it unlawful for two or more persons to agree together to injure, threaten, or intimidate a [Natural] person in any
                state, territory or district in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him/her by the Constitution
                or the laws of the united states of America, (or because of his/her having exercised the same). Unlike most conspiracy
                statutes, Section 241 does not require that one of the conspirators commit an overt act prior to the conspiracy becoming .a
                crime.

                Deprivation of Rights under Color of Law, 18 U.S.C. § 242. This provision makes it a crime for a person acting under
                color of any law to willfully deprive a [Natural] person of a right or privilege protected by the Constitution or laws of the
                United States of America.

                For the purpose of Section 242, acts under "color of law" include acts not only done by federal, state, or local officials
                within the their lawful authority, but also acts done beyond the bounds of that official's lawful authority, if the acts are
                done while the official is purporting to or pretending to act in the performance of his/her official duties. Persons acting
                under color of law within the meaning of this statute include police officers, prisons guards and other law enforcement
                officials, as well as judges, care providers in public health facilities, and others who are acting as public officials. It is not
                necessary that the crime be motivated by animus toward the race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status or national
                origin of the victim.

                Peonage, 18 U.S.C. § 1581. Section 1581 of Title 18 makes it unlawful to hold a [Natural] person in "debt servitude," or
                peonage, which is closely related to involuntary servitude. Section 1581 prohibits using force, the threat of force, or the
                threat of legal coercion to compel a [Natural] person to work against his/her will. In addition, the victim's involuntary
                servitude must be tied to the payment of a debt.

                COLOR OF LAW..........n: a mere semblance of legal right; something done with the apparent authority of law but
                actually in contravention of law; "the plaintiff claimed that under color of law the officer had deprived him of his civil
                rights"

                NO PRESUMPTION OF JURISDICTION



                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0010773
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 6



                  The law is clear and well-settled that a judge in a statutory proceeding, such as Bankruptcy, divorce, adoption, forcible
                 detainment, etc., is governed by the rules of limited jurisdiction and not by the rules of general jurisdiction. In all actions
                 governed by the rules of limited jurisdiction, there is no presumption that the judge has jurisdiction. In re Cash, 383 I11.
                 409, 429 (1943) ("Jurisdiction in special statutory proceedings is never presumed. It must affirmatively appear from the
                 record. Nothing will be presumed in favor of jurisdiction in the face of facts appearing in the record showing it did not
                 exist."); State Bank of Lake Zurich v. Thill, 113 I11.2d 294, 497 N.E.2d 1156 (1986); Wabash Area Development, Inc. v.
                 Ind. Com., 88 I11.2d 392 (1981).

                 There is a misconception by some attorneys and judges that only a judge may declare an order void, but this is not the law:
                 (a) there is no statute nor case law that supports this position, and (b) should there be any case law that allegedly supported
                 this argument, that case would be directly contrary to the law established by the U.S. Supreme Court in Vallely v. Northern
                 Fire & Marine Ins. Co., 254 U.S. 348, 41 S.Ct. 116 (1920) and by the Illinois Supreme Court in People v. Miller. Supra. A
                 party may have a court vacate a void order, but the void order is still void ab initio, whether vacated or not; a piece of
                 paper does not determine whether an order is void, it just memorializes it.

                This principle of law was stated by the U. S. Supreme Court as "Courts are constituted by authority and they cannot go
                beyond that power delegated to them . If they act beyond that authority, and certainly in contravention of it , their judgments
                and orders are regarded as nullities . They are not void-able, but simply VOID (ab initio), AND THIS EVEN PRIOR TO
                REVERSAL." [Emphasis added]. Vallely v. Northern Fire & Marine Ins. Co., 254 U.S. 348, 41 S.Ct. 116 (1920). See also
                Old Wayne Mut. I. Assoc. v. McDonough, 204 U.S. 8, 27 S.Ct. 236 ( 1907); Williamson v. Berry, 8 How. 495, 540, 12
                L.Ed. 1170, 1189 ( 1850); Rose v . Himely, 4 Cranch 241, 269, 2 L.Ed. 608, 617 (1808).

                A void judgment which includes judgment entered by a court which lacks jurisdiction over the parties or the subject
                matter, or lacks inherent power to enter the particular judgment , or an order procured by fraud, can be attacked at any time,
                in any court, either directly or collaterally, provided that the party is properly before the court . See Long v. Shorebank
                Development Corp ., 182 F.3d 548 (C.A. 7 111.1999)

                Whenever jurisdiction is denied or questioned by a party or the court, it is the duty of the party claiming that the court has
                jurisdiction to prove that the court does indeed have it. Bindell v. City of Harvey, 212 III.App.3d 1042, 571 N.E.2d 1017
                (1st Dist. 1991) ("the burden of proving jurisdiction rests upon the party asserting it.").

                Black's Law Dictionary, Sixth Edition, page 1574:
                Void judgment. One which has has no legal force or effect, invalidity of which may be asserted by any person whose
                rights are affected at any time and at any place directly or collaterally. Reynolds v. Volunteer State Life Ins. Co.,
                Tex.Civ.App. 80 S.W.2d 1087, 1092. One which from its inception is and forever continues to be absolutely null, without
                legal efficacy, ineffectual to bind parties or support a right, of no legal force and effect whatever, and incapable of
                confirmation, ratification, or enforcement in any manner or to any degree. Judgment is a "void judgment" if court that
                rendered judgment lacked jurisdiction of the subject matter, or of the parties, or acted in a manner inconsistent with due
                process. Klugh v. U.S., D.C.S.C., 610 F.Supp. 892, 901. See also Void-able judgment.

                 Prerequisites for Subject Matter Jurisdiction

                The really big deal, the real issue in void judgments is SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION!!! Remember, subject matter
                can never be presumed, never be waived, and cannot be construed even by mutual consent of the parties. Subject matter
                jurisdiction is two parts: the statutory or common law authority for the court to hear the case and the appearance and
                testimony of a competent fact witness, in other words, sufficiency of pleadings. Subject matter jurisdictional failings:

                No Petition in the record of the case, Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 Ill. 118, 122 (1930)
                Defective Petition filed, Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 111. 118, 122 (1930)
                Fraud committed in the procurement of jurisdiction, Fredman Brothers Furniture v. Dept. of Revenue, 109
                Fraud upon the court, In re Village of Willowbrook, 37 Ill. App.3d 393 (1962)
                In the ORIGINAL action, this court was without subject-matter jurisdiction at all times for multiple reasons. One of the
                many reasons arises out of the repeated decision(s) of the Supreme Court, that the record of the case must affirmatively
                contain a valid Petition for subject matter jurisdiction. Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 Ill. 118, 122 (1930):
                "The petition required to put the court in motion and give it jurisdiction must be in conformity with the statute granting the
                right and must show all the facts necessary to authorize it to act, -i.e., it must contain all the statements which the statute
                says the petition shall state, - and if the petition fails to contain all of these essential elements the court is without
                jurisdiction. Where a court is exercising special statutory jurisdiction the record must show upon its face that the case is
                one where the courts have authority to act. Before a decree can have vitality the court must have jurisdiction not only of the



                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0010774
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                        Page 4 of 6


                 person but of the subject matter."
                 A judge does not follow statutory procedure, Armstrong v. Obucino, 300 Ill. 140, 143 (1921).
                 Unlawful activity of a judge, Code of Judicial Conduct.
                 Violation of due process, Johnson v. Zerbst, 304 U.S. 458, 58 S.Ct. 1019 (1938); Pure Oil Co. v. City of Northlake, 10
                 I11.2d 241, 245, 140 N.E.2d 289 (1956); Hallberg v. Goldblatt Bros ., 363 111.25 (1936);
                 If the court exceeded its statutory authority, Rosenstiel v. Rosenstiel, 278 F.Supp. 794 (S.D.N.Y. 1967).

                The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 ( 1 Stat.50) Article 3 assured that "The utmost good faith shall always be observed
                towards the Indians; their lands and property shall never be taken without their consent; and, in their property , rights and
                liberty, they shall never be invaded or disturbed , unless in just and lawful wars authorized by Congress ; but laws founded
                in justice and humanity, shall from time to time be made for preventing wrongs being done to them , and for preserving
                peace and friendship with them."
                Comment.- The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 at Article 3 passed by the U. S. Congress assured Indian nations of their
                future sovereignty.

                Jay Treaty Nov 19 1794
                Art III "It is agreed that it shall at all times be free to the Indians dwelling on either side of the said boundary line, freely to
                pass and re-pass by land or inland navigation, into the respective territories and countries of the two parties, on the
                continent of America, and to navigate all the lakes, rivers and waters thereof, and freely to carry on trade and commerce
                with each other... not shall the Indians passing or re-passing with their own proper goods and effects of whatever nature,
                pay for the same any impost or duty whatever."

                Sperry Oil and Gas vs. Chisholm (264 U.S. 488 ), 68 L.Ed 03, 44 S.Ct 372, it was found "... nor can the State courts
                assume jurisdiction in a controversy involving Indians."

                Public Law 83-280
                (67 Stat.588, 18 U.S.C. ss 1162 and 28 U.S.C. ss 1360) Limitation of state authority to alienate tribal land rights:
                (Nothing in this Act authorizes the) ...alienation, encumbrance or taxation of any real or personal property, including water
                rights belonging to any Indian or Indian tribe, band, or community that is held in trust by the United States or is subject to
                a restriction against alienation imposed by the United States; or shall authorize regulation or the use of such property in a
                manner inconsistent with any federal treaty, agreement or statute or with any regulation made pursuant thereto...

                Public Law 280Comment:
                This act prohibits states from asserting jurisdiction within Tribal boundaries without Tribal consent. In Public Law 280
                states where tribes have entered into law enforcement agreements with non-Natives, when a misdemeanor crime is
                committed by an Indian while on a reservation and the arrest is made by state or county law enforcement officers, a
                jurisdictional issue arises as whether the state or the tribe has the jurisdiction. When a county prosecutor or district attorney
                stipulates that the matter is transferred to the jurisdiction of the tribal court, it is a clear indication of respect for that court.
                [No valid agreement here in Togiak made between a Native or non-Native agency]

                State of Washington vs. Guthrie, 1994
                Tribes, which uphold and practice Tribal Law, Custom and Tradition often, have laws that are different than laws and
                customs of the United States of America. The Kuiu Kwfian of Alaska successfully argued Personal Jurisdiction in a
                criminal case in which Tlingit youth harmed a white man in Washington state. The Kuiu Tribal Court successfully argued
                that Petitioners were subject to the jurisdiction of the Tribe under Tlingit Law wherever they may reside.

                Ada E. Deer, Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, U.S. Department of the Interior
                June 23, 1994 memorandum: "Tribes, as sovereigns, are not subject to State jurisdiction, are not subordinate to State
                Governments, and should not be dealt with through Federal/State processes and arrangements designed to serve the
                interests of the general public..."

               Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies
               Government-to-Government Relationship with Tribal Governments

               The United States has a unique legal and political relationship with Indian tribes and a special relationship with Alaska
               Native entities as provided in the Constitution of the United States, treaties, and Federal statutes. Presidents for decades
               have recognized this relationship. President Nixon announced a national policy of self-determination for Indian tribes in
               1970. More recently, Executive Order 13175, entitled Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal Governments, was
               issued in 2000. I reiterated my Administration's adherence to a government-to-government relationship and support for



                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1_0010775
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 6


                 tribal sovereignty and self- determination earlier this year in Executive Order 13336, entitled American Indian and Alaska
                 Native Education.

                My Administration is committed to continuing to work with federally recognized tribal governments on a government-to-
                government basis and strongly supports and respects tribal sovereignty and self-determination for tribal governments in the
                United States. I take pride in acknowledging and reaffirming the existence and durability of our unique government-to-
                government relationship and these abiding principles.

                This commitment begins at the White House , where my Director of Intergovernmental Affairs serves as my White House
                liaison with all Indian nations and works with federally recognized tribal governments on an intergovernmental basis.
                Moreover, it is critical that all departments and agencies adhere to these principles and work with tribal governments in a
                manner that cultivates mutual respect and fosters greater understanding to reinforce these principles.

                Accordingly, the head of each executive department and agency (agency) shall continue to ensure to the greatest extent
                practicable and as permitted by United States law that the agency 's working relationship with federally recognized tribal
                governments fully respects the rights of self-government and self -determination due tribal governments . Department or
                agency inquiries regarding this memorandum , specifically those related to regulatory, legislative, or budgetary issues,
                should be directed to the Office of Management and Budget.

                This memorandum is intended only to improve the internal management of the executive branch and is not intended to, and
                does not, create any right, benefit, or trust responsibility, substantive or procedural , enforceable at law or in equity, by a
                party against the United States , its agencies, entities, or instrumentalities, its officers or employees, or any other person.

                GEORGE W. BUSH

                Will v. Michigan Dept. of State Police - Supreme Court ruling reported Nov. 1991
                491 U.S. 58, 57 LW 4677 ( 1989) State officials sued in their individual capacities are "persons " under 42 USC 1983 who
                may be held liable for damages for civil rights violations . State officials can be held personally liable for actions taken in
                the course of their official duties . Justice Sandra Day O' Connor wrote that Section 1983 was designed to redress violation
                of civil rights by persons acting under color of state law and thus it would stand the statute on its head to hold that a state
                official could not be held liable "precisely because of her authority" as a state official.

                Comment : It is generally held that this ruling is a minimum ruling that may extend to other areas of injury.

                So in conclusion Janella, there is more than enough ample documentation that I have the absolute Right , to challenge by
                question all your right to enter upon my Tribal Land, attach my Inalienable Rights as a Freeborn Natural Inhabitant into
                some nightmarish clutch, to presume I'm in debt to you people for any reason what so ever. What side are you really on?
                Please explain in full detail. Are you an officer of the court? If so, show me your valid oath of office. Is the public defender
                agency created and operated under the Executive Branch of government with nothing to do with the Judicial Branch on
                equal footing as two of three independent branches of government, the other being Legislative? Please explain. In fact is
                not the whole charade in the caption box at the top of this letter all under the same administrative Executive Branch, paid
               by the same in conflict with Rule of Law under Common Law? Please explain. Rexford says I have no respect for the
               "court or law", what "court or law" are in his mind? I believe he ' s referring to administrative courts and administrative
               codes that haven't got anything to do with me, the living, breathing Sovereign on my Land, exercising my Rights to Life,
               Liberty and the pursuit of Happy-ness. To keep applying the charade will only validate any jurisdictional challenge, as you
               people purport to do via the recent charges which work to subvert My Jurisdictional challenge. Two weeks before Rexford
               Spoffords claims, I made a valid challenge, which in the same light as a writ of mandamus, needed to be addressed under
               the rules of law secured by the Supreme Law of the Land, the Constitution of the united States of America. Are you a party
               to said laws? Please explain in full. I firmly believe that in this court you are collectively defending under the guise of
               public that' s a fraud and all orders made on my person are void ab initio ! How can advice in protection of inalienable
               Rights be, "bad advice that may harm her."? I believe your advice to be misleading, and if I'm correct you should be
               ashamed of yourself until you rethink your moral values remembering we all have Birth Rights, under clever guise you
               only work to capitalize on. Only and when I injure a party will I ever be charged with a crime and then under Rule of Law,
               I'm presumed innocent until proven guilty by a court of law (not code) and only if convicted by a jury of my peers not
               tainted by third party instruction etc. Should you consider my position in error?

               Dated this 25th day of January, 2008

                            Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, First Alaskan Tribal Member
                            In propria personum by special appearance , sui juris




                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0010776
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



       i                                                                                                                               Page 6 of 6


                             All Rights Reserved and No Rights Waived Without Prejudice.     Love Is The CornerStone Holding All Joy^i
                             do Mail Stop
                             Box 345                                                         A Man With Wings Is Truly An Angel^i^
                             Togiak Village,(near AK) [99678]                                Blessings Of Love ... Birdman' i^b
                           What kind of a legal system is this where we're going to design
                                                                                             http://groups.yahoo.com/groo p/suijuriscourtangels/
                           our rules to encourage guilty people to plead-or innocent
                           people to plead guilty? It's crazy." Justice Scalia
                                                                                             "What kind of a legal system is this where were going
                                                                                             to design our rules to encourage guilty people to
                                                                                             plead - or innocent people to plead guilty? It's crazy."
                Justice Scalia


                Be a better friend, newshound , and know-it-all with Yahoo ! Mobile. Try it now.




                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0010777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, First Alaskan Tribal Member
                   In propria personum by special appearance, sui juris
                   All Rights Reserved and No Rights Waived Without Prejudice.
                   do Mail Stop
                   Box 345
                   Togiak Village, (near AK) [99678]



                             Facsimile transmittal
                            To:      Janella K. Combs                           From:    Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, Sul Juris by

                                     Assistance of Counsel?                               Special Appearance pro per

                            Fax:     (907) 842-3994                             Date:    August 5, 2009

                            Phone: 1-888-628-2252                               Pages : Six (6)

                            Re:      Case/trial "3DI-03-386 CR"                 CC:      A.C.S. at DLG (907) 842-5746

                                                                                         Gov. Sarah Palin (907) 465-3532

                                     Tribal Autonomy Builds A Better Partnership With The State Respectfully!!1


                                        The Superior Court of Code Behavior Administration at Dillingham

                  STATE OF ALASKA via CHIEF AARON PARKER                       Agency Case No.TPD-07-162 et al., given Case no.
                  (complaintant), JUDGE FRED TORRISI, SUSAN                    3DI-07-386 CR et al., (nexus to original charges)
                  MITCHELL prosecuting attorney, POIII REXFORD
                  SPOFFORD, JANELLA K. COMBS public defender                   TRIBAL AUTONOMY vs. STATE
                  agency, [UNDER EXECUTIVE BRANCH] et al.,                     ENCROUCHMENTS
                                    Plaintiff,
                           vs.
                  NANCY VIRGINIA COOPCHIAK [assumed fiction]
                                    Defendant
                                                                              Agency case no. AST 08-5218 CR
                                                                              Case No. 3DI-05-672 CR
                  Dear Janella,

                  I put my faith in you to do what is morally right and wonder how you sleep at night living off your chose
                  profession. I also wonder what O.J. Simpson, Michael J. Jackson, Robert Blake and Drew Peterson have in commo
                  to receive an aggressive defense from Counsel? The money to grease the aggressive defense wheel is all I c
                  figure, void of due process and equal protection under Rule of Law. Interesting charade and cast of characters wort
                  as magicians to conjure up fictions of illusion to create equity out of thin air, with absolutely nothing in commo
                  with law under the independent Judicial Branch of government but created by the Executive Branch under "Th
                  Agency". Governor Palin has her work cut out for her to keep her visions concerning "uprooting corruption an
                  making government transparent' with accountability restored in government.



                     The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                            subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 1



                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0010778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    In the opinion of Nathan Margold on Powers of Indian (Alaska's Native) Tribes approve
                   October 25, 1934 (55 I.D. 14): "It is fact that State governments and administrative officials hav
                   frequently trespassed upon the realm of tribal autonomy, presuming to govern the Indiar
                   (Alaska's Native) tribes through State law or departmental regulation or arbitrary administrativ
                   fiat (This is no longer acceptable practice on Tribal Lands in Alaska.), but these trespasses hay
                   not impaired the vested legal powers of local self-government which have been . recognize
                   again and again when these trespasses have been challenged by an Indian (Alaska Native) tribe."

                   "In all Cases..., and those in which a State shall be a Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction.'
                   Art.III, Sec. 2 United States Constitution

                   Due Process provides that the "rights of Pro Per (Sui Juris) litigants are to be construed liberally and held to les
                   stringent standards than formal pleadings drafted by lawyers; if court can reasonably read pleadings to state vali
                   claim on which litigant could prevail, it should do so despite failure to cite proper legal authority, confusion of legs
                   theories, poor syntax and sentence construction, or litigants unfamiliarity with pleading requirements." (Spencer
                   Doe, 1998; Green v Branson 1997; Boag v McDougall, 1998; Haines v Kerner, 1972)

                   "Sui Juris", "Pro Per", or " In Propria Personum " are the terms that are the status of the freeborn people in
                   courtroom, without disability, accessing your public record, bringing forth remedy according to lawful process. N
                   other terms (e.g. "pro se or represented) mean the same thing.

                   In Propria Personum [pro per] Sui juris litigants must be treated with "special care because they occupy a positio n
                  significantly different from that of litigants represented by counsel [bar attorney or incorporated services]."
                  SOMERVILLE V. HALL, 2F.3D 1563 , 1564 {I1TH CIR1993) AND JOHNSON V. PULLMAN, 845 F 2
                  911,914 {11TH CM 1988).

                   Conspiracy against Rights , 18 U.S.C. § 241. Section 241 of Title 18 is the civil rights conspiracy statute. Sectio
                  241 makes it unlawful for two or more persons to agree together to injure, threaten, or intimidate a [Natural] perso
                  in any state, territory or district in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him/her by the
                  Constitution or the laws of the united states of America, (or because of his/her having exercised the same). Unlike
                  most conspiracy statutes, Section 241 does not require that one of the conspirators commit an overt act prior to the
                  conspiracy becoming a crime.

                  Deprivation of Rights under Color of Law, 18 U.S.C. § 242. This provision makes it a crime for a person actin
                  under color of any law to willfully deprive a [Natural] person of a right or privilege protected by the Constitution o
                  laws of the United States of America.

                  For the purpose of Section 242, acts under "color of law" include acts not only done by federal, state, or loca
                  officials within the their lawful authority, but also acts done beyond the bounds of that official's lawful authority, i
                  the acts are done while the official is purporting to or pretending to act in the performance of his/her official duties
                  Persons acting under color of law within the meaning of this statute include police officers, prisons guards and othe
                  law enforcement officials, as well as judges, care providers in public health facilities, and others who are acting a
                  public officials. It is not necessary that the crime be motivated by animus toward the race, color, religion, sex
                  handicap, familial status or national origin of the victim.

                  Peonage, 18 U.S.C. § 1581. Section 1581 of Title 18 makes it unlawful to hold a [Natural] person in "deb
                  servitude," or peonage, which is closely related to involuntary servitude. Section 1581 prohibits using force, the
                  threat of force, or the threat of legal coercion to compel a [Natural] person to work against his/her will. In addition
                  the victim's involuntary servitude must be tied to the payment of a debt.




                     The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                            subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 2



                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0010779
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    COLOR OF LAW.......... n: a mere semblance of legal right; something done with the apparent authority of law bu
                    actually in contravention of law; "the plaintiff claimed that under color of law the officer had deprived him of hi^
                    civil rights"

                    NO PRESUMPTION OF JURISDICTION

                    The law is clear and well -settled that a judge in a statutory proceeding , such as Bankruptcy, divorce, adoptio n,
                   forcible detainment, etc., is governed by the rules of limited jurisdiction and not by the rules of general jurisdiction
                   In all actions governed by the rules of limited jurisdiction , there is no presumption that the judge has jurisdiction .
                   re Cash, 383 Ill. 409 , 429 (1943) ("Jurisdiction in special statutory proceedings is never presumed. It mus
                   affirmatively appear from the record. Nothing will be presumed in favor of jurisdiction in the face of facts appearing
                   in the record showing it did not exist."); State Bank of Lake Zurich v. Thill, 113 Ill.2d 294, 497 N.E.2d 1156 (1986)
                   Wabash Area Development, Inc. v. Ind. Com., 88 I11.2d 392 (1981).

                   There is a misconception by some attorneys and judges that only a judge may declare an order void , but this is no
                   the law: (a) there is no statute nor case law that supports this position, and (b) should there be any case law tha
                   allegedly supported this argument, that case would be directly contrary to the law established by the U.S. Suprem
                   Court in Vallely v. Northern Fire & Marine Ins . Co., 254 U.S. 348,41 S.Ct. 116 (1920) and by the Illinois Suprem
                   Court in People v. Miller. Supra. A party may have a court vacate a void order, but the void order is still void a
                   initio, whether vacated or not; a piece of paper does not determine whether an order is void, it just memorializes it.

                    This principle of law was stated by the U. S. Supreme Court as "Courts are constituted by authority and they canno
                   go beyond that power delegated to them. If they act beyond that authority, and certainly in contravention of it, thei
                   judgments and orders are regarded as nullities. They are not void-able, but simply VOID (ab initio), AND THI
                   EVEN PRIOR TO REVERSAL." [Emphasis added]. Vallely v. Northern Fire & Marine Ins. Co., 254 U.S. 348,41
                   S.Ct. 116 (1920). See also Old Wayne Mut. I. Assoc. v. McDonough, 204 U.S. 8, 27 S.Ct. 236 (1907); Williamsoi
                   v. Berry, 8 How. 495, 540, 12 L.Ed. 1170, 1189 (1850); Rose v. Himely, 4 Cranch 241, 269, 2 L.Ed. 608, 61
                   (1808).

                   A void judgment which includes judgment entered by a court which lacks jurisdiction over the parties or the subjec
                   matter, or lacks inherent power to enter the particular judgment , or an order procured by fraud, can be attacked a
                   any time, in any court, either directly or collaterally, provided that the party is properly before the court. See Long v
                   Shorebank Development Corp., 182 F.3d 548 (CA. 7 Ill. 1999)

                   Whenever jurisdiction is denied or questioned by a party or the court, it is the duty of the party claiming that th
                   court has jurisdiction to prove that the court does indeed have it. Bindell v. City of Harvey, 212 I11.App.3d 1042, 571
                   N.E.2d 1017 (1st Dist. 1991) ("the burden of proving jurisdiction rests upon the party asserting it.").

                   Black's Law Dictionary, Sixth Edition, page 1574:
                   Void judgment. One which has has no legal force or effect, invalidity of which may be asserted by any perso
                   whose rights are affected at any time and at any place directly or collaterally. Reynolds v. Volunteer State Life Ins
                   Co., Tex.Civ.App. 80 S.W.2d 1087, 1092. One which from its inception is and forever continues to be absolutel
                  null, without legal efficacy, ineffectual to bind parties or support a right, of no legal force and effect whatever, and
                  incapable of confirmation, ratification, or enforcement in any manner or to any degree. Judgment is a "voi
                  judgment" if court that rendered judgment lacked jurisdiction of the subject matter, or of the parties, or acted in
                  manner inconsistent with due process. Klugh v. U.S., D.C.S.C., 610 F.Supp. 892, 901. See also Void-able judgment.

                   Prerequisites for Subject Matter Jurisdiction

                  The really big deal, the real issue in void judgments is SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION!!! Remember, subjec
                  matter can never be presumed, never be waived, and cannot be construed even by mutual consent of the parties


                      The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                             subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 3



                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010780
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     Subject matter jurisdiction is two parts: the statutory or common law authority for the court to hear the case and the
                    appearance and testimony of a competent fact witness, in other words, sufficiency of pleadings. Subject matter
                    jurisdictional failings:

                    No Petition in the record of the case, Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 Ill. 118, 122 (1930)
                    Defective Petition filed, Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 Ill. 118, 122 (1930)
                    Fraud committed in the procurement of jurisdiction , Fredman Brothers Furniture v. Dept. of Revenue, 109
                    Fraud upon the court, In re Village of Willowbrook, 37 Ill. App.3d 393 (1962)
                    In the ORIGINAL action, this court was without subject-matter jurisdiction at all times for multiple reasons. One o
                    the many reasons arises out of the repeated decision (s) of the Supreme Court, that the record of the case mus
                    affirmatively contain a valid Petition for subject matter jurisdiction. Brown v. VanKeuren, 340 I11. 118, 122 (1930):
                    "The petition required to put the court in motion and give it jurisdiction must be in conformity with the statute
                    granting the right and must show all the facts necessary to authorize it to act, -i .e., it must contain all the statemen
                    which the statute says the petition shall state , - and if the petition fails to contain all of these essential elements th
                                                                   is exercising special statutory jurisdiction the record must show upon its;decourtiswhj n.Weracout
                    face that the case is one where the courts have authority to act. Before a decree can have vitality the court must have
                   jurisdiction not only of the person but of the subject matter."
                   A judge does not follow statutory.procedure, Armstrong v.Obucino, 300 Ill. 140, 143 (1921).
                   Unlawful activity of a judge, Code of Judicial Conduct.
                   Violation of due process, Johnson v. Zerbst, 304 U.S. 458, 58 S.Ct. 1019 (1938); Pure Oil Co. v. City of Northlake
                    10111.2d 241, 245, 140 N.E.2d 289 (1956); Hallberg v. Goldblatt Bros., 363 111.25 (1936);
                   If the court exceeded its statutory authority, Rosenstiel v. Rosenstiel, 278 F.Supp. 794 (S.D.N.Y. 1967).

                   The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 (1 Stat.50) Article 3 assured that "The utmost good faith shall always b
                   observed towards the Indians; their lands and property shall never be taken without their consent; and, in the'
                   property, rights and liberty, they shall never be invaded or disturbed, unless in just and lawful wars authorized b
                   Congress; but laws founded in justice and humanity, shall from time to time be made for preventing wrongs being
                   done to them, and for preserving peace and friendship with them."

                   Comment: The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 at Article 3 passed by the U.S. Congress assured Indian nations o
                   their future sovereignty.

                   Jay Treaty Nov 19 1794
                   Art III " It is agreed that it shall at all times be free to the Indians dwelling on either side of the said boundary line
                   freely to pass and re-pass by land or inland navigation, into the respective territories and countries of the two parties
                   on the continent of America, and to navigate all the lakes, rivers and waters thereof, and freely to carry on trade and
                   commerce with each other... nor shall the Indians passing or re-passing with their own proper goods and effects o
                   whatever nature, pay for the same any impost or duty whatever."

                   Sperry Oil and Gas vs. Chisholm (264 U.S. 488), 68 L.Ed 03, 44 S.Ct 372, it was found "...nor can the Stall
                   courts assume jurisdiction in a controversy involving Indians."

                  Public Law 83-280
                  (67 Stat.588, 18 U.S.C. ss 1162 and 28 U.S.C. ss 1360) Limitation of state authority to alienate tribal land rights:
                  (Nothing in this Act authorizes the) ...alienation, encumbrance or taxation of any real or personal property, includin
                  water rights belonging to any Indian or Indian tribe, band, or community that is held in trust by the United States o
                  is subject to a restriction against alienation imposed by the United States; or shall authorize regulation or the use o
                  such property in a manner inconsistent with any federal treaty, agreement or statute or with any regulation mad
                  pursuant thereto...

                  Public Law 280Comment:


                      The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                             subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 4



                                                                                                                                                            P RA_GS P01 _0010781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   This act prohibits states from asserting jurisdiction within Tribal boundaries without Tribal consent. In Public La
                   280 states where tribes have entered into law enforcement agreements with non-Natives, when a misdemeanor crime
                   is committed by an Indian while on a reservation and the arrest is made by state or county law enforcement officers
                   a jurisdictional issue arises as whether the state or the tribe has the jurisdiction. When a county prosecutor or distric
                   attorney stipulates that the matter is transferred to the jurisdiction of the tribal court, it is a clear indication of respec
                   for that court. [No valid agreement here in Togiak made between a Native or non-Native agency)

                   State of Washington vs. Guthrie, 1994
                   Tribes, which uphold and practice Tribal Law, Custom and Tradition often, have laws that are different than law
                   and customs of the United States of America. The Kuiu Kwaan of Alaska successfully argued Personal Jurisdictio
                   in a criminal case in which Tlingit youth harmed a white man in Washington state . The Kuiu Tribal Cour
                   successfully argued that Petitioners were subject to the jurisdiction of the Tribe under Tlingit Law wherever the
                   may reside.

                   Ada E. Deer, Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, U.S. Department of the Interior
                   June 23, 1994 memorandum: "Tribes, as sovereigns, are not subject to State jurisdiction, are not subordinate to Stat
                   Governments, and should not be dealt with through Federal/State processes and arrangements designed to serve th
                   interests of the general public..."

                   Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies
                   Government-to-Government Relationship with Tribal Governments

                  The United States has a unique legal and political relationship with Indian tribes and a special relationship wit]
                  Alaska Native entities as provided in the Constitution of the United States, treaties, and Federal statutes. President
                  for decades have recognized this relationship. President Nixon announced a national policy of self-determination fo
                  Indian tribes in 1970. More recently, Executive Order 13175, entitled Consultation and Coordination with Indi
                  Tribal Governments, was issued in 2000. I reiterated my Administration's adherence to a government-to-governmen
                  relationship and support for tribal sovereignty and self-determination earlier this year in Executive Order 13336
                  entitled American Indian and Alaska Native Education.

                  My Administration is committed to continuing to work with federally recognized tribal governments on
                  government-to-government basis and strongly supports and respects tribal sovereignty and self-determination for
                  tribal governments in the United States. I take pride in acknowledging and reaffirming the existence and durability
                  of our unique government-to-government relationship and these abiding principles.

                  This commitment begins at. the White House, where my Director of Intergovernmental Affairs serves as my Whit
                  House liaison with all Indian nations and works with federally recognized tribal governments on
                  intergovernmental basis. Moreover, it is critical that all departments and agencies adhere to these principles an
                  work with tribal governments in a manner that cultivates mutual respect and fosters greater understanding
                  reinforce these principles.

                  Accordingly, the head of each executive department and agency (agency) shall continue to ensure to the greates
                  extent practicable and as permitted by United States law that the agency's working relationship with federall
                  recognized tribal governments fully respects the rights of self-government and self-determination due trba
                  governments. Department or agency inquiries regarding this memorandum, specifically those related to regulatory,
                  legislative, or budgetary issues, should be directed to the Office of Management and Budget.

                  This memorandum is intended only to improve the internal management of the executive branch and is not intend
                  to, and does not, create any right, benefit, or trust responsibility, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or
                  equity, by a party against the United States, its agencies, entities, or instrumentalities, its officers or employees, o
                  any other person.


                     The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                            subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 5



                                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0010782
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    GEORGE W. BUSH

                    Will v. Michigan Dept of State Police - Supreme Court ruling reported Nov. 1991
                    491 U.S. 58, 57 LW 4677 ( 1989) State officials sued in their individual capacities are "persons " under 42 USC 198
                    who may be held liable for damages for civil rights violations . State officials can be held personally liable fo
                    actions taken in the course of their official duties. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote that Section 1983 w
                    designed to redress violation of civil rights by persons acting under color of state law and thus it would stand th e
                    statute on its head to hold that a state official could not be held liable "precisely because of her authority" as a stat
                    official.

                   Comment: It is generally held that this ruling is a minimum ruling that may extend to other areas of injury.

                     So in conclusion Janella, there is more than enough ample documentation that I have the absolute Right, t
                    challenge by question all your right to enter upon my Tribal Land , attach my Inalienable Rights as a Freebo
                    Natural Inhabitant into some nightmarish clutch , to presume I'm in debt to you people for any reason what so ever
                    What side are you really on? Please explain in full detail. Are you an officer of the court? If so, show me your vali
                    oath of office. Is the public defender agency created and operated under the Executive Branch of government wi
                    nothing to do with the Judicial Branch on equal footing as two of three independent branches of government, th
                    other being Legislative ? Please explain. In fact is not the whole charade in the caption box at the top of this letter al
                    under the same administrative Executive Branch, paid by the same in conflict with Rule of Law under Commo
                    Law? Please explain. Rexford says I have no respect for the "court or law", what "court or law" are in his mind?
                    believe he's referring to administrative courts and administrative codes that haven 't got anything to do with me, th
                    living, breathing Sovereign on my Land, exercising my Rights to Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happy-ness. T
                   keep applying the charade will only validate any jurisdictional challenge, as you people purport to do via the recen
                   charges which work to subvert My Jurisdictional challenge. Two weeks before Rexford Spoffords claims, I made
                   valid challenge, which in the same light as a writ of mandamus, needed to be addressed under the rules of la
                   secured by the Supreme Law of the Land, the Constitution of the united States of America. Are you a party to sai
                   laws? Please explain in full. I firmly believe that in this court you are collectively defending under the guise o
                   public that's a fraud and all orders made on my person- are void ab initiol How can advice in protection or
                   inalienable Rights be, "bad advice that may harm her ."? I believe your advice to be misleading, and if I'm correc
                   you should be ashamed of yourself until you rethink your moral values remembering we all have Birth Rights, unde
                   clever guise you only work to capitalize on. Only and when I injure a party will I ever be charged with a crime an
                   then under Rule of Law, I'm presumed innocent until proven guilty by a court of law (not code) and only i
                   convicted by a jury of my peers not tainted by third party instruction etc. Should you consider my position in error?

                   Dated this 25th day of January, 2008



                                 Nancy Virginia Coopchiak, First Alaskan Tribal Member
                                 In propria personum by special appearance, sui juris
                                 All Rights Reserved and No Rights Waived Without Prejudice.
                                 c/o Mail Stop
                                 Box 345
                                 Togiak Village,(near AK) [99678]

                              What kind of a legal system is this where we're going to design
                              our rules to encourage guilty people to plead- or innocent
                              people to plead guilty? It's crazy." Justice Scalia




                      The purported Order(s) issued by this court are/is void ab initio since it was issued during a period lacking no
                                             subject matter and jurisdiction over the Sovereign parties. - 6



                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP0I_0010783
