Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Sunday, January 27, 2008 5:43 PM
              To:                     Wayne Anthony Ross
              Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Bummer


             We were bummed too when we had to cancel . We have mtgs in DC , though , at the end of
             February with the Natl Gov's Association , including a couple of meetings and events with
             the President , and mtgs with the Feds on AGIA   - and there was no way to squeeze in two
             trips to DC in the same month. The 90 - day session puts even more pressure on me to stay in
             Juneau as often as possible during these three months . Believe me , we tried to figure out
             a way to do both outside trips in one month , but with the huge criticism I receive for
             even leaving Juneau to attend weekend mtgs and events in other parts of Alaska ( and it's
             our fellow Republicans who scream the loudest if I'm not in Juneau ), there was no way to
             fly to the East coast twice in such a short time span.



             I apologize for that - and did not know you were going to be a part of that first DC
             event . Sorry.

             Sent from my BlackBerry a device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From : Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>



             Date : Sat, 26 Jan 2008 11:49:27

             To:"Palin , Sarah " < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Bummer




             Hi!    When I was back in D.C. early this month the NRA staff told me you were going to give
             the opening speech at the CPAC Convention the first week in February .    They were quite
             thrilled that you were coming and asked me to tell them all about you. Later one of the
             Vice Presidents asked me if I would come to the Convention and introduce you. I happily
             agreed to do so. I . was told that it was possible that Bush might come also ( although I
             wasn ' t asked to introduce him). So they arranged for a ticket and a hotel for me. Then
             late this week they advised that you had a conflict and had to cancel .    Bummer . They were
             quite disappointed and I know I was .   I, of course , canceled my trip because I had plenty
             to do at the office and now nothing to do there .    I had the start of a good introduction
             ready for you.    Hopefully we both get to perform those chores sometime in the future. My
             best, WAR




                                                                    i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010824
