Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, January 27, 2008 6:18 PM
             To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Fw: Hmmmmm


             Unless I'm mixing up bloggers here - here's my take on something fishy:



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2008 02:26:42

             To:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Hmmmmm




             There's a blogger named rfn. He started off as a big supporter, now he's a critic who
             picks and chooses what issues to support us on. This morning he posted the press release
             we sent out 4:45pm yesterday on Conoco" s response ... and added that, essentially, I over-
             react and panic with responding via pressers -like it's a bad thing. How would this
             blogger have received the emailed presser unless he's a valid media person (and why would
             a legit media person bother to be a regular blogger?), or one of our folks sent it to him?



            Strange thing is yesterday it was one of our folks who, as he does so often, warned me I'd
            again look like I was over-reacting... and he did not want any pressers going out... He
            cautions often that it doesn't do any good and even though he say he agrees with me that
            we should be communicating more often and clearer with the public, he is very, very
            hesitant to ever want pressers or statements going out in response to timely issues.



            Trying to put two and two together here, trying to remember if this is the blogger who
            criticizes me but says very supportive things of a select few in the administration.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010820
