Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Monday, January 28, 2008 8:42 PM
              To:                     Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Subject:                Re: Media Advisory: Governor Palin to Hold Press Availability


             He's outright lying if he's telling people you said that. Yes- his city's hurting with
             high crime rates, and it must be his nature to want someone to blame for the problems- you
             must be a convenient target today for him. We'll be ready for this if anything comes up
             about it tomorrow, or anytime in the future. He's got amazing and misdirected boldness on
             this issue - he's blaming the wrong guy (and gal) on this one. Thanks Talis! Keep up the
             great work!

             Sent from my BlackBerry's device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



             Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2008 18:00:59

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject:    Re: Media Advisory: Governor Palin to Hold Press Availability




             Dear governor palin. Yes I can talk about Exxon tomorrow. I just got off the phone after
             an argument with begich. I called him. He had apparently told a bp group today that
             apparently a 60 percent recidivism rate is acceptable to the ag because I said so at his
             meeting with you mr and others last year.    I called to tell him I did not appreciate it.
             He then went on a rant. Says our 350000 d a budget increase is a measure of our
             administrations lack of concern about crime. The criminal justice system is collapsing.
             The anchorage d a office is collapsing etc. He refused to acknowledge he had implied
             anything other than that in front of you I had said there was no problem with 60 percent
             recidivism.   Maybe I can cool down and say something about this tomorrow as well.     It is
             clear from his comments that he blames this administration for bad crime stats in
             anchorage.  I thought he had gotten past this theme but clearly he is putting a lot of
             focus on it probably anticipating it may be an issue in his senate race.    Talis,



              ----- Original Message -----

              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Colberg, Talis
             J (LAW)

              Cc: Irwin, Tom B (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR);                   Tibbles,
             Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

              Sent: Mon Jan 28 17:46:15 2008

              Subject: Re: Media Advisory: Governor Palin to Hold Press Availability



                                                                     I




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Talis- is one of the main topics going to be: Amicus Brief - Exxon at tomorrow' s press
              event? It could be the first main topic- then we'll be prepared for budget, AGIA, Habitat,
              MatMaid ... etc.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)" <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>



               Date :   Mon, 28 Jan 2008 14:47:42

               To:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <Sharon. leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)"
              <beth.leschpermalaska.gov>

               Cc:"Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)" <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

               Subject: Media Advisory: Governor Palin to Hold Press Availability




              January 28, 2008




              Governor Palin to Hold Press Availability




              Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin will hold a press availability in

              Juneau on Tuesday.      The Governor will be joined by several of her

              commissioners.




                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010842
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Who:                              Governor Sarah Palin and Commissioners




              What:                             Press Availability




              When:                            Tuesday, January 29, 2008, 1 : 30 p.m.




              Where:                           Governor 's House




              Contact :                        Sharon Leighow (907) 240-7943




              Note: Video of the event will be available on the Governor's window at

              3:30 p.m.




                                                                   3
