Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROMJ
             Sent:                    Monday, January 28, 2008 11:26 PM
             To:                      'gov. sarah ©yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 House



             Governor,



             Hopefully the House warmed up ; please don ' t hesitate to call as you shouldn't have to deal
             with such a cold house.



             Just a quick re-cap on day to day things:



             Willow wants spaghetti tomorrow . Do you want her to plan the menu for the week like she
             used to with a copy emailed to you and / or left in the kitchen.



            Diane has been packing a lunch ; and making eggs , toast , bacon , etc... for Piper (if she
            hasn't already had her oatmeal). Let me know if you want this handled differently-if not
            we'll continue as is.



            I want the staff and myself to be helpful, but most importantly we want to do things how
            you want them. :)



            Just an option if you and Willow are busy and you don't want flack for having security or
            me picking Piper up. If you were comfortable with it- Kaitlin could walk over and pick
            Piper up at the bus stop and walk her home or take her to the Creating Place to do crafts.
            I thought her bus came at 4:02 sharp - I felt horrible that we missed her that day - so 3:55
            is the p . u. time for now on.



            I haven't found a piano teacher from a church yet, but still looking. I think there's a
            teacher downtown, but not someone who I know.  I'll see if they're available in case I
            can't find anyone else.



            4-7 days for the mirror and new bedding to arrive.



            I'm ready to get the bed installed, let me know if you have any questions.



            Thanks,

            Erika
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0010833
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From:                       PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI ]
             Sent:                       Monday, January 28, 2008 9:20 PM
             To:                         'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
             Subject:                    Re: CONFIDENTIAL: Fairbanks Chamber Speech tomorrow (Tuesday)


             Joe was fine with the language . Thanks too for your encouragement .               I appreciate it.



             I took the time to re-read portions of AGIA and had my memory refreshed about DNR being
             required to promulgate regs containing the fiscal regime before the first open season. The
             producers should communicate with DNR about those regs just like everyone else in the
             public--through the public regulatory process--not try to negotiate separate independent
             deals with the state . So, yes , we'll hear from them and respond to them in that context--
             that's the law :)



             Sean



             ----- Original message -----

             From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com <gov.sarah®yahoo.com>

             To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Mon Jan 28 20:54:36 2008

             Subject: Re: CONFIDENTIAL: Fairbanks Chamber Speech tomorrow (Tuesday)



             This is awesome . Very good , very supportive , very "right- on". I don't know if Joe will
             have edits ... I think it' s 100percent right on . Thanks ! Have fun up there!

             Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " PARNELL ,   S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell @alaska.gov>




             Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2008 12:55:01

             To:"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Fairbanks Chamber Speech tomorrow (Tuesday)




             Joe,




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Would you please review this section of my speech for tomorrow at the Fairbanks Chamber
             and tell me if there are any "Oh my gosh , don't say that " parts to it . I recognize that
             John Ringstad is going to introduce me, Rick Solie is the Chair of the Chamber -- so I'm not
             exactlv walkin into an audience that will welcome this messa           rivileged or Personal Maters
            Privileged or Perso Privileged or Personal Material Redacted       ge-
                                  If you have any suggestions , please let me know.



              I'm also covering elections and education in the same speech so this is just an excerpt
              from a current draft . ( I don't really want to circulate it to the whole team at this point
              since I can ' t deal with email edits from 6-8 people plus my staff--I'm just counting on
              you as the barometer here for message alignment with the team.)



              Thanks,



             Sean




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                 2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010835
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                 3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                4
