Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, January 28, 2008 3:38 PM
             To:                      'thndrths@alaska. net'
             Subject:                 RE: Boards-and-Commissions

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need , suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday,. January 28,        2008 3:05 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



             Web mail from :   Mr. Darwin A. Biwer, Jr.

             address :   426 G Street Anchorage ,    AK 99501

              783-3418




             MESSAGE:

             Sarah,

               You stated to my colleague, at an Anchorage fundraiser, that you had concerns about the
             Gaming Commission Initiative (05GAM2), slated to be on the ballot this August. There was a
             mistake by the Attorney General's office about the language and intent of the Initiative.
             That's probly where your confusion came from.



               By going through Jay Pullins at the Lt. Governor's office, that confusion has been
             eliminated and the "Alaskans For Gaming Reform " are dropping our suit against former Lt.
             Governor Lehman.




               I have talked to you about this subject in our meetings during your campaign. I would
             like to meet with you again to clarify any questions you may now have about the intent of
             the Initiative.



               I would be available anytime here in Anchorage and will be in Juneau the week of
             February 18th.  our CHARR legislative summit is during that week. I can however come down
             sooner if that would be more convenient.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0010863
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Thank you in advance for your considreration.



                                        Darwin A . Biwer, Jr.

                                        "Alaskans for Gaming Reform"

                                        Darwin's Theory




             thndrths@alaska.net




                                                                2
