Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent;                    Monday, January 28, 2008 11:32 AM
             To:                      Perez; Linda J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Wheeler; Gary R (GOV); georgefcooper@ alaska .gov; Mason;
                                      Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Possibility


             Pis don 't rock any boat with a new requirement of Security to drive their personal
             vehicles if that hampers their ability to do their job tho- I' m not suggesting that. I'm
             just going on Fred's suggestion that the state look into this bc, for instance , the van he
             usually drove must be parked somewhere - he drives a different vehicle now - and he says
             it's an easy process to get the x-class



             I"m staying out of how you guys do this- but pis don't pull any rugs out from anyone who
             would be shocked to hear a suggestion of not having readily available state vehicles. Pis
             discuss all this first with Fred in case I'm missing anything in the translation. I'm Ic-
             ing him so he knows this should be an open discussion to get the best ideas and proposals
             out there for consideration on how the state could save money on transportation.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Perez , Linda J (GOV)" <linda.perez@alaska.gov>



             Date : Mon, 28 Jan 2008 11:15:38

             To:Sarah Palin < gov.sarah@yahoo.com >," Tibbles ,        Michael A (GOV )" <mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Nizich , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike.nizich @alaska . gov>,"Wheeler ,          Gary R (GOV)"
             <gary . wheeler@alaska.gov>

             Subject : FW: Possibility




             Governor and Mike,



            The statewide fleet manager just sent this note-              we're checking it out and will try to
            get this vehicle available to us. I can also ask             Fred to make the state x-class vehicle
            he drives available to visiting staff in lieu of              rental cars. He could use his personal
            vehicle to commute to work when the state car is             not available to him.



            I spoke with the statewide fleet manager and she advised me that x-class vehicles usually
            become identified and available in the summer months when agencies are returning fleet
            vehicles to DOT.  She is going to watch the inventory this summer to try to find small
            SUVs and front wheel sedans that are in good enough condition to ship to Juneau for us.
            DOT turns x-class vehicles over to requesting agencies "for life"... and charge
            approximately $50/month per vehicle for their deferred maintenance/replacement budget.  We

                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0010871
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             would assume all upkeep, maintenance and repairs on the vehicles. She also thought that
             we could arrange for the vehicles to be stored in the Glacier Highway DOT yard when not
             being used by our staff.



             She knows we want the vehicles and will continue to notify us when possibilities come up.



             Linda




             From : Rotkis, Diana L (DOT)

              Sent : Monday , January 28 , 2008 10:50 AM

              To: Perez , Linda J (GOV); Henderson, Shawn (GOV)

              Subject: Possibility



             Shawn & Linda - there is a 1998 Ford Taurus (front wheel drive) at the DOT yard, 74K
             miles.  Ken said it's buried in the snow, but if you want to look at it he said it might
             work for you. It would need a new battery and a detail I'm sure. It used to belong to
             H&SS.  If interested you can call Ken McBride at 465-1792.




             Diana Rotkis

             Fleet Manager

             907-269-0787 (ph)

             907-269-0801 (fax)

             907-748-1106 (cellular)




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0010872
