Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Monday, January 28, 2008 11:31 AM
                 To:      Notti; Emil R (CED)
                Subject: RE:
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.



                From: Notti, Emil R (CED)
                Sent: Friday, January 25, 2008 5:06 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Andrews, Brian C (DOR)
                Subject:

                Governor.
                At the AIDEA/AEA board meeting today (1/25) the board took the following action.
                1, Elected John Kelsey, chairman of AIDEA/AEA
                2. Appointed Sara Fisher-Goad acting Executive Director for AIDEA/AEA
                3. Amended AIDEA by-laws to authorize AEA to employ an Executive Director and enter into a contract
                with AIDEA to reimburse paroll
                    costs for the AEA Executive Director
                4. Authorized Executive Director search for AEA and AIDEA through an outside search recruiter.
                5. Amended AEA by-laws and clarified the authority of the Executive Director.

                EXECUTIVE SESSION
                Had a briefing on Healy Clean Coal Project legal status from Charlie Cole. The board urged Mr. Cole
                increase his efforts to advance the arbitration process and report any progress back to the board.
                We are expecting a formal proposal for the Northwest Arctic Borough to acquire the Red Dog road and
                dock at the next meeting.
                Emil




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0010876
