Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Monday, January 28, 200811;58 AM
              To:                     csawyer@trailboss.biz
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us     (mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

              Sent : Friday , January 25 , 2008 6:44 PA

             To: Governor Sarah Palin          ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from :    Claudia Sawyer

             address :   721 W. 86th Ave. Anchorage AK 99501




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Ms . Palin,



             You may have heard of Trailboss Enterprises , Inc., a small service-disabled veteran-owned
             Alaska business , headquartered in Anchorage . I work for Trailboss in the capacity of
             Chief Administrator and I would like to include you in the distribution of our monthly
             newsletter , the Trailburner.



             Could you please let me know which e-mail address to send the newsletter to?



             Thank you.



             Kind Regards,

             Claudia Sawyer

             Chief Administrator

                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0010869
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             csawyer@trailboss.biz




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0010870
