Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 3


                Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Monday, January 28, 2008 11:27 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Remove Barriers to Job Creation and Create Opportunities for Business



                From : Lisa Reinhart (mailto:lreinhart@alaskachamber.com]
                Sent: Friday, January 25, 2008 5:39 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Remove Barriers to Job Creation and Create Opportunities for Business



                Alaska State Chamber of
                Commerce
                January 25 , 2008 E-News

                Remove Barriers to Job Creation and Create Opportunities for
                Business : Join Statewide Business Leaders in Juneau on March 4th!

                Use your own personal political power and the strength of the Alaska State Chamber of
                Commerce statewide business organization to influence public policy. Make your plans
                to attend the 2008 Legislative Fly-In on March 3-5th in Juneau. Every business member
                who participates can help make a difference for the Alaska business community.

                This is your chance to personally interact with the Legislature and members of the
                administration as we seek their support for the five legislative priorities for Alaska
                business. Click Here for 2008 State Chamber Priorities and Positions.

                The Fly In program includes panel discussions, evening receptions and scheduled
                meetings with your legislators on the hill. For detailed agenda, travel and
                hotel information Click Here.

                The cost of registration is $175 and includes the reception with State Legislators.
                Reception only cost is $25. Our advocacy training workshop will be held on Monday,
                March 3rd from 1:30-4:30 p.m. The value of the workshop is $250. The cost to you is
                $50.

                Register on line in minutes by clicking here and let us know that you are planning to
                attend the State Chamber Legislative Fly-In in Juneau on March 3-5th! Bear in mind
                these dates are predicted to be sold out dates in Juneau. Be safe and make your air
                travel and hotel reservations today. Take advantage of The Constituent Discount with
                Alaska Airlines and the group rate at the Westmark Baranof Hotel.



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0010880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


                 For available Sponsorship opportunities and a! dditional information contact Lisa Reinhart,
                 Development Director in Anchorage at (907) 278-2727 or by email to
                 Ireinha     -alaskachamber.com.

                 State Chamber provides video coverage of Alaska Business Roundtable
                 Luncheons

                 The Alaska Business Roundtable is a luncheon series presented cooperatively by the Juneau
                 Chamber of Commerce and the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce. During the Legislative
                 Session, the weekly cooperative luncheons host presentations of statewide interest. Bradley
                 Fluetsch, CFA and owner of True North Video Production, LLC graciously provides video
                 coverage each week of the luncheon presentations. We are posting some of those
                 presentations that are of interest to our membership on our web site at
                 www.alaskachamber.com

                 ConocoPhillips ANS Natural Gas Pipeline presentation

                ConocoPhillips shares a common goal with the State of Alaska to develop a project that will
                bring Alaska North Slope (ANS) natural gas to market. They have consistently worked toward
                this objective. The video is from their presentation to the Alaska Business Roundtable
                luncheon on January 10 in Juneau. Presenters are Wendy King, Manager, ANS Gas
                Development and Tamar DiFranco Senior Commercial Analyst of ConocoPhillips. C lick here
                to view the video.


                Alaska State Chamber, Juneau Chamber and World Trade Center of Alaska
                present the 2008 Statewide Economic Forecast

                World Trade Center Alaska and Wells Fargo presented the latest information and analysis
                about Alaska 's economy in 2008 and developments in markets like China and India that will
                impact Alaska. Alaska's Governor, The Honorable Sarah Palin , who opened the 5th Annual
                Statewide Economic Forecast event in Juneau , offered the opening remarks.

                Pat Burden , the President of Northern Economics , provided the Economic Review and 2008
                Statewide Forecast . Burden reported on the state's major industries , their contribution to
                Alaska's economy and how they will perform in 2008 . Burden's analysis is much sought after
                and his company is the state 's largest economic consulting firm.

                Gary Isham Senior Vice President and Northwest regional manager for Wells Fargo HSBC
                Trade Bank gave an update on Pacific Rim trade opportunities . The Trade Bank , an equity
                joint venture between Wells Fargo and the HSBC Group , is the only nationally chartered bank
                in the United States dedicated exclusively to international trade . The Northwest offices support
                businesses in Alaska , Idaho, Montana , Oregon , Washington and Wyoming . He is currently the
                Chairperson for the Washington Council on International Trade , and is on the e! xecutive board
                for the World Trade Center Seattle.

                Wells Fargo Announces 2008 National Award Programs for Women and Asian
                Business Owners



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3


                WHAT: As part of its Diverse Business Services programs, Wells Fargo - with the US Pan
                Asian American Chamber of Commerce (USPAACC) and the National Association of Women
                Business Owners (NAWBO) - announce a call for applications for two national annual awards:
                The USPAACC/Wells Fargo Asian Business Leadership Award and the NAWBO/WeIIs Fargo
                Trailblazer Award.

                WHO: Each award honors three business owners based on their companies' business
                performance, innovation, growth, and personal service to the community. Winners receive
                $5,000 cash grant and national recognition. The 2008 Asian Business Leadership Award will
                be presented at USPAACC's 23rd Annual CelebrAsian Conference, May 27-29 in Washington,
                DC. The 2008 Trailblazer Award will be presented at NAWBO's annual Women's Business
                Conference held in Arizona June 12-14.

                WHENIWHERE : Deadline for the NAWBO/Wells Fargo Trailblazer Award: Feb. 1, 2008
                Deadline for the USPAACC/Wells Fargo Asian Business Leadership Award: Feb. 28, 2008.

                WHY: Women and diverse business owners are the fastest growing small business segments,
                outpacing the growth rate of the overall market. These national award programs showcase the
                talent and success of women and diverse business owners nationwide and demonstrate Wells
                Fargo's commitment to support the continued success of Asian, African American, Latino and
                women business owners.

                HOW: For more information and to download applications, please visit: Wells Fargo Women's
                Business Services Program:
                https ://www.welisfargo. com/downloads/pdf/biz/ nawbo wf application.pdf

                Wells Fargo Asian Business Services Program:
                https :/Iwww.welisfargo .com/downloads / Rdf/biz/ uspaacc wf award.pdf




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0010882
