Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Pan (GOV sponsored) [governor@aiaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Monday, January 28, 2008 11:05 AM
                 To:      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
                 Cc:      Spencer, Karl L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Susitna Hydroelectric Project



                From : jerry mccutcheon [mailto:susitnahydronow@yahoo.coml
                Sent: Saturday, January 26, 2008 2:11 PM
                To: Harris, John (LAA)
                Cc: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Susitna Hydroelectric Project


                 Speaker Harris
                 Susitna Hydroelectric Project

                Sorry to disappoint you, but you are making Susitna far more difficult than it is.
                You do not have to set a side any funds, $3 billion as mention in newspaper. It is
                bondable and will stand on its own. Some Federal Loan Guarantees, the hard nose
                commercial banker type not the gasline give a way type, may help lower the
                interest rate. It is like buying commercial loan insurance.

                A letter to any of the members of the congressional delegation asking, Sen. Stevens
                would be my preference but you can ask any of them, do not ask the congressional
                delegation to jointly ask, it would just delay things one is all it takes, the Corps to
                review the finances of Susitna. Just that simple. If any member of the delegation
                asks the Corps, the Corps is obligated to carry out the review WITHOUT funding.

                Now if you feel guilty about getting something for nothing and want to put in some
                funds here is the deal I had some years back, $100,000 for a financial review, just
                notes. If it was a "go" then another $150,000 to publish the review to FERC
                standards. Now I think $150,000 for the review and $200,000 to publish would be
                more than generous.

                First, Ask the congressional delegation to ask the Corps. Second then funding if
                you are so moved. I would provide for funding because the Corps maybe
                personnel short and some funds would be helpful to secure outside assistance to
                move the process along faster. There is some urgency to get as far through FERC
                as possible while the Bush Administration is in office. It is just speed not corner
                cutting.

                For `goodness sake' do not ask for private review that is what screwed up things


                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0010905
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                 last time . Nobody in the world knows more about hydroelectric dams than the Corps.
                 They maybe a little slower but they are sure footed, creditable and bankable.

                 Had the Susitna project been construct when proposed and refinanced when interest rate
                 were low the railbelt and as far over Valdez would now be enjoying power @ $0.03/ KW
                  I see no reason why Susitna could not be used to provide power to TAPS
                 It was stated that under a Jimmy Carter Administration it would take 33 months from
                 Susitna resubmission to FERC until a FERC issued a license to construct. Under a Bush
                 administration, and expedited, I think it would take six months--- less than year.
                 Remember Susitna with its $158 million EIS, which set an international standard for
                 EIS's, has been through FERC once and preliminary design was underway when
                 shelved. At the time Susitna was shelved and in the State's hands, the Corps object to
                 Susitna being shelving, which very unusual for them to speak out when Susitna was no
                 longer in the Corps hands, because the Corps was so incensed; they had started the work
                 on Susitna and hated too see a good project be dropped because the Costs had been kited
                 by 25% and for political purposes having nothing to do with dams. The Hammond's
                 Greenies did the same thing to Bradley Lake but because Bradley Lake was small the
                 legislature funded Bradley Lake anyway. Bradley Lake came in 25% under budget .

                As for SEAN COCKERHAM he has a lot fiction mixed with fact to make a story.
                Remember the Anchorage News work hard to kill Susitna and never really knew any
                thing about Susitna nor electrical generation or even their own electric bills.

                Rep Mike Doogan was probably working for the News at the time and probably took lot
                swings at Susitna as only he can. Doogan does not want Susitna revisited because it will
                come out just how wrong they were. Just like they were on Bradley Lake.

                If you have questions do not hesitate to ask, Jerry susitnahydronow@yahoo.com



                Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0010906
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Clear Day                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown
                 From :     Marj Harris [m.harris@skagway.org]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, January 29 , 2008 2:12 PM
                 To:        Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:        Kookesh ; Albert ( LAA); Thomas ; Bill (LAA); Von Scheben ; Leo (DOT); Hardy; Dennis L (DOT);
                            rvenables@haines. ak.us; J.M. Walsh Company ; Inc.; Daniel Henry ; davehunz@hotmail. com; Collette
                            Hisman; lcinlongbay @yahoo . com; mark schaefer; Mike Korsmo ; Tom Cochran ; Alan Sorum; Jan
                            Wrentmore
                 Subject: AMHS Service


                  Dear Governor Patin,

                  Please find attached a letter regarding ferry service in Lynn Canal Mayor Cochran asked that I forward.

                  Marj

                  Marjorie D. Harris
                  Borough Clerk
                  Municipality of Skagway
                  P.O. Box 415
                  Skagway, AK 99840
                  Phone (907) 983-2297
                  Fax (907) 983-2151
                  www.skaaway.org

                  "Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass
                  anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use."

                  Earl Nightingale




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0010907
