Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, January 29 , 2008 8:31 PM
             To:                      'gov. sarah©yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 Re: House


             You're welcome!!

             Pikes, you're busy!!  Let me know if you want help- if not leave the dishes we can get
             them in the morning. ;)



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

             Sent: Tue Jan 29 20:03:43 2008

             Subject: Re: House



             Thanks Erika- and that lunch today was so nice. Thanks! I'm feeding AGIA team and Boards
             and Commissions folks spaghetti now- thanks for having the stuff so easy to prepare
             tonight.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2008 19:24:54

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

             Subject:    RE: House




             Governor,




             I can understand your thoughts and concerns and will proceed according to your email.
             Thank you for taking the time to respond as I know you're extremely busy. I really
             appreciate knowing how you want things to run at the House- so thank you!



             Its trial and error with the caterers until we figure out what works and doesn't- so
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010930
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              please be brutally honest if you don' t like something - no ego here , we just want to serve
              things that you enjoy.



              Erika




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 2:03 AM

             To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

             Cc: Todd

             Subject: Re: House



             Thanks Erika - I'll still have Willow pick up Piper at bus stop , or I will , until we can
             work out something consistent with Kaitlin - and we'll walk her,over here where Willow (or
             Kaitlin ) can watch her until I return . I'm happy to pay Kaitlin for watching her after
             school, but our critics would love to misinterpret any situation we have into: " Gov's
             using staff as babysitters "... we just can ' t do that and I'm under a constant microscope
             so it's unacceptable for anyone to misperceive that the days Piper is here that she's ever
             " babysat" by staff.



             Also, since we don't have a chef, there again I can't afford to have the perception be
             that I'm using staff as full-time chefs. I'm happy to cook, and Willow is expected to do
             so also. Most helpful is - since I don't have much time time to go to the store - when
             House groceries are purchased that I'm able to make the list so I know what I'll be
             cooking.  For instance, I'll make the spaghetti for Willow, so having the ingredients here
             already is most convenient. I'll talk to her about not assuming staff includes a chef! She
             shouldn't be suggesting any menu except to tell me what she wants to eat. We're still
             trying to use use up the ingredients that we find downstairs - haven't seen spaghetti
             stuff so if that can be purchased, great.



            Also, the usual fruit for the kids to be purchased - and maybe this weekend I can stock up
            on anything else I see missing.



            Bottom line- I don't want to over- use staff for cooking, I'm sure it's not in anyone's job
            description and don't want anyone to think we're taking advantage of anyone here to do
            that task. Even putting together Piper 's lunch - I appreciate that offer - it's easy for
            us to do the night before though, or I lay items out in the morning for Piper to choose
            from ... again the intention is to never be accused of using staff for duties they weren't
            hired to do... remember how easy it is for situations to be misconstrued and "spun" into
            negative situations - and then publicized. I, too, make her a lunch- but she just thinks
            it's more fun to have someone else bag it and hand it to her.




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0010931
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             It's fun for Piper to eat downstairs in the mornings when Diane cooks something, but my
             assumption and desire is that Diane wants to whip something up anyway , maybe for herself
             which is absolutely fine , and Piper can share it - but I would never ask her to take on
             the duties of cooking when I ' m sure that ' s not in her job description - and I'm learning
             in state govt that job descriptions and titles are sticklers ... so if Diane is cooking
             something for herself , Piper can share in it . Otherwise she finishes her breakfast up here
             and she's fine.



             Sounds good on the mirror timing . It will be great to get a mirror in here . That's
             something I could do myself also - just haven ' t been able to find the time to go shop for

             comforter will be to her liking!



             Thanks Erika . I know you have the best of intentions and everything ' s sincerely
             appreciated ... I am not " wired " to ask much of staff, so I won ' t ask anyone to go beyond
             what they were hired to do in the previous administration - and I know our personal family
             life is supposed to be kept personal and there isn't the overt attempt to publicize my
             family life in Juneau , but you've seen how it seems everything ( and any little blunder)
             does get publicized anyway . That's not fair to my kids , so I go above and beyond to make
             sure we're following every rule so there are no acussations that we're abusing the
             priviledge of staying in this house.



             My understanding after asking Security over and over again is that it IS in their job
             descriptions to transport the family to wherever they need to be - so watching Piper walk
             from the bus stop shouldn ' t be a problem for them, though I'm always with them when they
             do walk the block down the street to see her exit the bus.



             I'd take flack if you walked her to and fro, unfortunately, but if I hired (and paid)
             Kaitlin to do it , it shouldn ' t be a problem . If even that ' s a problem , then we have a
             bigger problem trying to live in Juneau than ever imagined.



             i'il ask Todd again about his advice on the outlet - that's not my forte so he'll have to
             chime in on whether it should be newly installed upstairs for the washer/dryer, or just
             use downstairs basement outlet. Hopefully he can answer that today.



             Thanks!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV)" <erika. fagerstrom@alaska.gov>



             Date : Mon, 28 Jan 2008 23:26:15

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: House




                                                               3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0010932
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Governor,



              Hopefully the House warmed up ; please don't hesitate to call as you shouldn ' t have to
             deal with such a cold house.



              Just a quick re-cap on day to day things:



              Willow wants spaghetti tomorrow.  Do you want her to plan the menu for the week like she
             used to with a copy emailed to you and/or left in the kitchen.



              Diane has been packing a lunch; and making eggs , toast , bacon, etc... for Piper (if she
             hasn't already had her oatmeal ). Let me know if you want this handled differently-if not
             we'll continue as is.



              I want the staff and myself to be helpful, but most importantly we want to do things how
             you want them. :)



              Just an option if you and Willow are busy and you don't want flack for having security or
             me picking Piper up. If you were comfortable with it- Kaitlin could walk over and pick
             Piper up at the bus stop and walk her home or take her to the Creating Place to do crafts.
               I thought her bus came at 4:02 sharp - I felt horrible that we missed her that day - so 3:55
             is the p . u. time for now on.



              I haven't found a piano teacher from a church yet, but still. looking. I think there's a
             teacher downtown, but not someone who I know. I'll see if they're available in case I
             can't find anyone else.



              4-7 days for the mirror and new bedding to arrive.



              I'm ready to get the bed installed, let me know if you have any questions.



              Thanks,

              Erika




                                                            4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0010933
