Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From:          Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN-RPRUARO]
                  Sent:          Tuesday, January 29, 2008 12:03 PM
                  To:            'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Cc:            Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leghow; Sharon W (GOV)
                  Subject:       FW: PR 08-2513 AMHS releases summer schedule
                  Importance: High

                Governor:

                The schedule is done. The publishing deadlines have been met. AMHS is calling back persons who called when the schedule was
                unavailable (AMHS reservations personnel tracked calls from persons during that time) to now complete their reservations.

                Randy


                From: Spiech, Deborah A (DOT)
                Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 11:44 AM
                Subject: PR 08-2513 AMHS releases summer schedule
                Importance: High


                                        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                            0   DOT_PressBanner_FuH




                                                                  No. 08-2513
                                        Jan. 29, 2008


                                                                      AMHS releases schedule

                        (JUNEAU, Alaska) - The Alaska Marine Highway System (AHMS) today announced the release of its 2008 summer
                        schedule.

                        "While we apologize for the delay in getting the schedule out, we are happy to present the schedule to those interested in
                        traveling with us, and we certainly don't expect any future schedule release delays," said Dennis Hardy, Deputy
                        Commissioner of Marine Operations, Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF). "The delay was a
                        one-time occurrence that resulted from major changes in our schedule . The changes were necessary to make more
                        efficient use of the vessels and help meet the needs of communities like Haines, Skagway, and Sitka."

                        AMHS general manager, Capt. John Falvey, explained that although this year's summer schedule was later than recent
                        years, AMHS officials worked very hard to accommodate persons contacting AMHS to book reservations.

                        "AMHS has tracked calls from customers seeking to make reservations when the schedule was unavailable," Falvey
                        said. "Our staff will immediately begin returning calls to customers and booking those reservations."

                        The schedule and online reservations are available on the AMHS website at www.ferrvalaska.com . The schedule will be
                        included in the Alaska guide - The Milepost. The schedule is available in calendar format on its website homepage under
                        "Travel Options; Calendar of Port-to-Port Sailings," at hhtt s://www dot state ak us/oars/reservations/CalendarFM amhsf .
                        Online reservations are now available.
                                                                                                               0 DOT LogoWM
                        "The AMHS website is filled with a wealth of information that provides travelers an easy option for booking their



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0010960
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                     itinerary," Hardy said.

                     The summer ferry schedule puts the Malaspina in Southeast Alaska's Lynn Canal to verve Juneau, Haines and Skagway.
                     The schedule allows the fast ferry Fairweather to provide more day-boat service to S tka and Petersburg.

                     "We have also received positive responses to our changes from , travelers, because th e Malaspina will provide service
                     between Haines and Skagway that the Fairweather 's vehicle deck capacity could not accommodate," Hardy said.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0010961
