Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, January 29, 2008 8:36 AM
             To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell
                                      T (GOV)
             Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Todd; Leschper, Beth (GOV)
             Subject:                 Press, luncheon and Sched


             No- astrik overall on title of document be we know we didn't keep track of every event,
             every hour of every day. We just need the travel sched presented in context.



             Also- the Christmas tree is still up- it's deader than a doorknob. It hogs a lot of the
             ballroom and since we have a meeting in there today, I've asked that it be taken down.
             Hope I didn't offend anyone with the request, but the Christmas decorations may be the
             butt of jokes as we have all the press coming over here this afternoon after all the House
             leadership meets here for lunch.



             Thing move slowly in govt, eh?! :)

             Jan 29th and it looks like Christmas Eve in here still- beautiful, but some may think I'm
             too lazy to put decorations away. If I knew where they go, especially the tree, I'd have
             done it.

             ------Original Message------

             From: Janice Mason

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Cc: K Perry

            Sent: Jan 29, 2008 8:30 AM

            Subject: RE: Sched




            Governor - the only days that I can think of that may be incomplete

            would be the May 15 through June 30, 2007 that we do not have hard

            calendar copies for.       The other months were taken directly off the hard

            copies of what was on the calendar. Do you just want those months

            marked?     Thanks, Janice



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.coml

            Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 2:29 AM

            To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0010951
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Subject: Sched



             Pls make sure when submitting year-end travel sched that you put an

             astrik * by the title that explains it's incomplete - or however you can

             describe that not every event or appt is accounted for on every day.

             Thanks!

             Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one




                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown,
             From:                    gov.sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, January 29, 2008 8:27 AM
             To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Re: Vacant Noncovered Positions


             Wow- interesting on Dep positions. No one's ever told me of the possibility we have to get
             a Dep cos in there! Hmmmmm...

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye®alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2008 08:.13:30

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: FW: Vacant Noncovered Positions




            Governor,

            Attached is a spreadsheet of all vacant exempt or partially exempt positions .    Thought
            this could be useful for you to have.    You'll notice under Office of the Governor it says
            there ' s a vacant deputy chief of staff position . This is because Cheryl Frasca and Nizich
            served as deputies under Murkowski.    Nizich fills a temporary position , Frasca filled the
            permanent position .   Also vacant but not on this list, the press secretary and
            communications assistant positions because they are so recently vacated.




            From: Neal, Nicki L (DOA)

             Sent: Tuesday, January 08, 2008 5:17 PM

             To: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Subject: Vacant Noncovered Positions




            Attached is the report we discussed yesterday. I deleted the filled positions and sorted
            by department/division.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0010953
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Nicki Neal

             Director

             Division of Personnel & Labor Relations

             Department of Administration

              (907)465-4429




                                                          2
