Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 8:19 AM
             To:                      jaybishop@gcl.net
             Subject :                 RE: General-Administration


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto: WebMa }l@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, January 29,        2008 9:58 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: General_Administration



             Web mail from: Mr. Jay Bishop

             address: PO Box 2986 Seward AK 99664

              907 224-2394




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,



            I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for your efforts on our behalf. I know you
            have detractors and those that are less than appreciative, but I think I speak for the
            vast majority of Alaskans that think you are doing a fine job.



            Your openess of government and honesty is so refreshing. You are what Alaska needs at this
            pivitol juncture in our history. Keep on keeping on.



            God bless you, your family and this great state,



            Jay Bishop



            jaybishop@ gci.net

                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0010976
