Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 7:40 AM
             To:                      rhvrabec@new.rr.com
             Subject:                 RE: OiI&amp;Gas


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMailegov.state.ak.usl

             Sent : Tuesday, January 29, 2008 5:06 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



            Web mail from: Ms. Rachel Vrabec

            address: 255 bake Rd. Menasha WI 54952

              920-751-8810



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            My name is Rachel Vrabec and I am a student at Xavier High School, located in Appleton
            Wisconsin. I am currently writing a research paper about the controversy of drilling for
            oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. I am interested in your opinion on the matter
            and was wondering if an interview via telephone or e-mail would be possible. Your time
            would be extremely appreciated, but I understand that you are a busy person. Thank you,



            Rachel Vrabec



            rhvrabec@new.rr.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0011000
