Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, January 30, 2008 8:11 AM
              To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
              Subject:                 Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?


              Right 0. Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy .frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 07:18:39

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




             Very unfortunate governor! I'll put my ear down too, and remain adamant and outspoken w
             all our folks that this is unacceptable. And, also it's my pleasure to point out to anyone
             who will listen that Halcro is an outright liar, plain and simple.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

              Sent: Wed Jan 30 06:39:48 2008

              Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?



              Very, very disappointing, but also seems to be par for the course: too many
             "disclosures"/leaks that only aim to undermine this effort. This is unacceptable.



              Joe- pls find out everything you can on this. It's unacceptable. Please enlist whomever
             else you must in order to find out who leaked... because it must, and will, stop.



              John, if you can find out anything, please do. Who attended the meetings?

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----
                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0010977
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               From :   "John Katz" <jwkatz®ALASKADC.org>



               Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 09:04:08

               To:"Joseph R (GOV) Balash" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

               Cc:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

               Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




              My first question is how did Halcro get this information.  Someone in the meeting
             obviously provided it.  I don't like that. Such disclosure is not consistent with the
             relationship we hope to have with the delegation.



              In our debrief with the gas team afterwards, we discussed each DC meeting and what, if
             anything, we need to do. We concluded that we should ask for a separate, low profile
             meeting with Senator Murkowski in Alaska just to review the facts, and I have requested
             this but have not heard back.



              Senator Stevens is adamant (and probably so is Senator Murkowski). In our collective
             opinion, we need to continue to educate and inform, not cut off communications.



              Fortunately, we're not asking for anything now from Congress or the delegation. If there
             is activity, it will be at FERC and perhaps DOE .  The reality is that AGIA is the only
             game in town , and I believe that the delegation understands that.



              Larry and I are continuing to respond to specific questions from the delegation, and
             hopefully that dialogue will help. The next big DC event is FERC's next report to
             Congress on the gasline. Collectively, I believe we've done everything we can to help
             FERC understand the current situation.



              Because of the importance of your question, I'm taking the liberty of adding the Governor
             to our email exchange.



              P.S.

              On a more optimistic note, all of the other meetings went very well. The participants
             were interested and receptive.




              Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz®alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz®alaskadc.org> > jwkatz@alaskadc.org.               Thank you

                                                              2



     I

                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI_0010978
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               >>> On 1/30/2008 at 1:42 AM, in message
              <4B8A5A1B956F474E82FCEFA159230B8D7B30FF @SOAJN(7MSGO3. soa.alaska .gov>, "Balash, Joseph R
              (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:




               Jan 30: Mr. AGIA goes to Washington



               Last week , the AGIA architects traveled to Washington D.C. to deliver an AGIA update back
              to Alaska's Congressional delegation.

              With a year behind us and little progress, DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin and DNR Deputy
             Commissioner Marty Rutherford ran head first into two skeptical Alaska Senators.

              In a meeting with both Alaska Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Lisa Murkowski, Irwin and
             Rutherford encountered Senators unwilling to accept their sales pitch. Both Stevens and
             Murkowski were reportedly cranky and blunt about AGIA.

              Stevens apparently told Irwin and Rutherford, "You're not listening and you didn't listen
             last time."

              And, at one point, Stevens cut off Irwin as he was waxing poetic about the benefits of
             AGIA and said, "Don't philosophize with me."

              As a friend of mine pointed out, it's great political theater but it doesn't build a
             pipeline.




                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0010979
