Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governorralaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Wednesday , January 30, 2008 8:41 AM
                 To:      Sally Javier
                 Subject: RE: Gavel to Gavel programming - evening and through the night!
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.




                From: Sally Javier [mailto:sallyjavierl@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2008 6:01 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Gavel to Gavel programming - evening and through the night!


                Dear Honorable Govenor Sarah Palin,

                Thank you for all you do for us in Alaska. I respect and admire you
                tremendously.

                I wanted you to know about an email that I sent to Gavel to Gavel through their
                online submission form. Last nights programming included at least two
                Heartbeat Alaska programs and somehing about a 360 group. This has been
                typical of every time I have checked the channel since this session has begun.
                Whatever your office can do to effect a change and allow visual access for those
                who are not in Juneau, will be helpful!

                Thank YOU! - Sally Javier, 6425 East 16th Avenue, Anchorage, AK - 907-333-
                2255


                Dear Friends at KTOO:

                Thank you for the service that you provide. I'm writing with concern and
                hoping you can help me. Last year, I was able to watch the sessions of the day
                in the evening when I would come home. You didn't always have a schedule
                up; however, whatever time I was up, I could count on seeing and hearing
                something that had transpired that day.

                Since the legislature has been in session this year, I've not been able to see
                anything much past 7 or 8 pm. I've even been up in the 2-5 a.m. range.....and
                nothing from Juneau concerning our legislature was on TV.

                Although I enjoy the history of the Southeast and other Alaskan programming,
                I'm intersted in hearing more about what is happening in Juneau with my
                legislature.



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI 0010990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                 I realize I can listen to audio tapes . Thank you.

                 Last year I appreciated the opportunity to see the faces and expressions of our
                 legislators as they deliberated and interviewed those who come to Juneau to speak.
                 Will I be able to look forward to visual access to what has happened with our
                 legislature at any time after 7/8 pm in the near future?

                Thank you,
                Sally Javier
                Anchorage
                sallylavierl     aahoo.com


                Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Trv it now.



                Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0010991
