Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                      Wednesday, January 30, 2008 7:19 AM
            To:                        Frye; Ivy J (DOA); Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                   Fw: Don Young




            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 16:06:53

            To:"Sean Parnell" ; Privileged or Personal

            Subject : Re: Don Young




            Man. What would the fund ' s purpuse be Sean ? Really - is it Veco again?

            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from cellular one



            -----original Message-----

            From : Sean Parnell < jPrivileged   or Personal


            Date : Wed, 30 Jan 2008 06:54:07

            To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject : Don Young




            Don Young opens a legal defense fund



            By Susan Crabtree

            Posted :   01/30 / 08 12 : 01 AM LET]

           Rep. Don Young      ( R-Alaska), who is under FBI investigation and faces a tough reelection
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0011019
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             fight, opened a legal defense fund earlier this month, according to House filings.

             The House ethics committee approved the defense fund Jan. 9, but it has not reported
             taking any donations yet, and Young spokesman Mike Anderson would not say if anyone had
             written checks.

              "We had some feedback from some folks who said they wanted to help us out but they wanted
             to do so through a legal expense fund, so we went ahead and did that in the hopes that our
             campaign funds can be freed up," he said.

             Young spent nearly $450,000 of his campaign money on legal expenses last year as several
             political opponents lined up to try to defeat him, one in his own party. Young is facing a
             primary challenge from state Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux and a potentially difficult general
             election as well. National Democrats feel that former lieutenant governor candidate Ethan
             Berkowitz would be a strong challenger. Diane Benson (D)  - who has previously
             challenged Young - and former state party chairman Jake Metcalfe (D) are also running.

        I    Late last week, Young's campaign began airing TV ads in Alaska, underscoring the
             importance for Alaska of having a senior member representing the state.

             "I'm the person that should be elected to that job," he stressed. "Not for Don Young, but
             for Alaska."  Young has attracted criticism from taxpayer watchdog groups for seeking the
             infamous "Bridge to Nowhere."

            Young in 2006 attracted 57 percent of the state's vote. President Bush won 61 percent of
            Alaska' s vote in 2004.

            Anderson brushed off claims that Young is facing the most difficult race he's had in
            years.

             "This one is the one with the most interest in a long time, but all his races have been
            tough," he said.

            The 18-term lawmaker had nearly $1.5 million in his campaign account as of Sept. 30, 2007,
            according to CQ Money Line. Young's political action committee had over $238,000 at the
            end of last year.

            Late last year, the Justice Department reportedly began investigating whether an Alaska
            oil contractor used golf tournaments to funnel cash to Young, a new development in a case
            stemming from a state bribery investigation involving VECO, a company that services
            pipelines and builds oil exploration equipment.

            The legal expense fund filings name Gail Schubert, an executive vice president of Bering
            Straits Native Corporation, as the trustee of the fund. The entity is one of 13 Alaskan
            native regional corporations created to represent natives' interests in land claims.
            Anderson said Schubert's company granted her permission to serve as the trustee and that
            she is a lawyer and longtime friend of Young.

            When contacted, Schubert declined to comment on her role.

            Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska), who is also under FBI investigation because of his ties to
            VECO, has contributed $5,000 to Young's campaign. Reps. David Dreier (R-Calif.) and Jim
            Saxton (R-N.J.) have also donated $1,000 each to Young.




                                                          2
    I




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011020
