Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, January 30, 2008 7:14 AM
             To:                      Katz; John W (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog ...what to do?


             John- we have heard Halcro's outright lies on other issues, including ACES, MatMaid, his
             own job opportunities with our administration (where he invited himself in, early on, and
             was even offering to write his own press release announcing his entrance into our Admin -
             until we put a stop to that idea), my budget comments (that he had printed in his ADN
             column with "quotes" that I never said), my personal life, etc.



             If this is   another case of Halcco lying, then someone needs to call him on it - including
             mainstream   media that gives him a forum, such as ADN and his new employer KBYR. Even KTUU
             continuing   to go to Halcro for counterpoints re: much of what our Admin does. He
             discredits   all these media outlets.



             He's gotten away with lies for too long - and if this is another one, he must be called on
             it.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "John Katz" <jwkatzOALASKADC.org>



             Date : Wed, 30 Jan 2008 10:56:45

             To:"Joe Balash " < joe.balash@alaska .gov>,<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




             There were 11 people in the meeting. For the State, they were Marty, Tom, Pat, and Larry.



             Then, there were Senator Stevens and three of his staff: George Lowe (Chief of Staff),
             Kate Williams (Legislative Director), and Kevin Simpson (Energy). Also present were
             Senator Murkowski and two of her staff: Isaac Edwards (Legislative Director) and Chuck
             Kleeschulte (Energy).



             I can't figure out how Halcro got the information and don't know of any way to check at
             this end.  Senator Stevens has always insisted on the confidentiality of such meetings and
             that has been respected by all concerned.



            We've spent part of this morning correcting some inaccurate information that came out of
            the meeting from the Senate side.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0011028
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org.  Thank you .



             >>> On 1/30/2008 at 10:39 AN, in message <1502847629-1201707619-
             cardhu_decombobulator blackberry.rim.net-121440263-@bxe029.bisx.prod. on. blackberry>,
             <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:



             Very, very disappointing, but also seems to be par for the course: too many
             " disclosures " /leaks that only aim to undermine this effort. This is unacceptable.



             Joe- pls find out everything you can on this. It's unacceptable. Please enlist whomever
             else you must in order to find out who leaked... because it must, and will, stop.



             John, if you can find out anything, please do. Who attended the meetings?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>



            Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 09:04:08

            To:"Joseph R (GOV) Balash" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




            My first question is how did Halcro get this information. Someone in the meeting
            obviously provided it.  I don't like that. Such disclosure is not consistent with the
            relationship we hope to have with the delegation.



            In our debrief with the gas team afterwards, we discussed each DC meeting and what, if
            anything, we need to do. We concluded that we should ask for a separate, low profile
            meeting with Senator Murkowski in Alaska just to review the facts, and I have requested
            this but have not heard back.



            Senator Stevens is adamant (and probably so is Senator Murkowski). In our collective
            opinion, we need to continue to educate and inform, not cut off communications.
                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011029
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Fortunately, we're not asking for anything now from Congress or the delegation. If there
             is activity, it will be at FERC and perhaps DOE.   The reality is that AGIA is the only
             game in town , and I believe that the delegation understands that.



             Larry and I are continuing to respond to specific questions from the delegation, and
             hopefully that dialogue will help.  The next big DC event is FERC's next report to
             Congress on the gasline. Collectively, I believe we've done everything we can to help
             FERC understand the current situation.



             Because of the importance of your question, I'm taking the liberty of adding the Governor
             to our email exchange.



             P.S.

             On a more optimistic note , all of the other meetings went very well.           The participants
             were interested and receptive.




             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org.  Thank you .



             >>> On 1/30/2008 at 1:42 AM, in message
             <4B8A5A1B956F474E82FCEFA159230B8D7B30FFOSOAJNUMSG03.soa.alaska.gov>, "Balash, Joseph R
             (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:




             Jan 30: Mr. AGIA goes to Washington



             Last week, the AGIA architects traveled to Washington D.C. to deliver an AGIA update back
             to Alaska's Congressional delegation.

             With a year behind us and little progress, DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin and DNR Deputy
             Commissioner Marty Rutherford ran head first into two skeptical Alaska Senators.

             In a meeting with both Alaska Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Lisa Murkowski, Irwin and
             Rutherford encountered Senators unwilling to accept their sales pitch. Both Stevens and
             Murkowski were reportedly cranky and blunt about AGIA.

             Stevens apparently told Irwin and Rutherford, "You're not listening and you didn't listen
             last time."

             And, at one point, Stevens cut off Irwin as he was waxing poetic about the benefits of
             AGIA and said, "Don't philosophize with me."


                                                             3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0011030
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             As a friend of mine pointed out, it's great political theater but it doesn't build a
             pipeline.




                                                         4




                                                                                                   PRA-GS PO1_0011031
