Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Wednesday, January 30, 2008 7:25 AM
             To:                     PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog ...what to do?


            I didn't hear how that mtg went either. No, we don't know if it came from our side... But
            Katz says Stevens always demand confidentiality from his side... Could be any # of DC
            staffers... I tend to believe it's Halcro stretching trutch, to be it nicely.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 07:12:31

            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject : RE: from Andrew Halcro ' s blog ...what to do?




            I didn't get debriefed on the DC meetings so I don't know what was said, but it easily
            could have come from Stevens, Murkowski or their office staff. Do we know it came from our
            side???




             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Wed 1/30/2008 6:39 AM

            To: Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




           Very, very disappointing, but also seems to be par for the course: too many
           "disclosures"/leaks that only aim to undermine this effort. This is unacceptable.



           Joe- pls find out everything you can on this. It's unacceptable. Please enlist whomever
           else you must in order to find out who leaked... because it must, and will, stop.



                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0011012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            John, if you can find out anything, please do. Who attended the meetings?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>



            Date : Wed, 30 Jan 2008 09:04:08

            To:"Joseph R (GOV) Balash" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




            My first question is how did Haicro get this information. Someone in the meeting
            obviously provided it.  I don't like that. Such disclosure is not consistent with the
            relationship we hope to have with the delegation.



            In our debrief with the gas team afterwards, we discussed each DC meeting and what, if
            anything, we need to do. We concluded that we should ask for a separate, low profile
            meeting with Senator Murkowski in Alaska just to review the facts, and I have requested
            this but have not heard back.



            Senator Stevens is adamant (and probably so is Senator Murkowski). In our collective
            opinion, we need to continue to educate and inform, not cut off communications.



            Fortunately, we're not asking for anything now from Congress or the delegation. If there
            is activity, it will be at FERC and perhaps DOE. The reality is that AGIA is the only
            game in town, and I believe that the delegation understands that.



            Larry and I are continuing to respond to specific questions from the delegation, and
            hopefully that dialogue will help. The next big DC event is FERC's next report to
            Congress on the gasline. Collectively, I believe we've done everything we can to help
            FERC understand the current situation.



            Because of the importance of your question, I'm taking the liberty of adding the Governor
            to our email exchange.



            P.S.

            On a more optimistic note , all of the other meetings went very well.         The participants
            were interested and receptive.


                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011013
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
             <mailto : jwkatz@alaskadc .org <mailto: jwkatz@alaskadc . org> > jwkatz@alaskadc .org.        Thank you




             >>> On 1/30/2008 at 1: 42 AN , in message
             <4B8A5A1B956F474E82FCEFA159230B8D7B30FF@SOAJN.MSGQ3.soa.alaska.gov>, "Balash, Joseph R
             (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:




            Jan 30: Mr. AGIA goes to Washington



            Last week, the AGIA architects traveled to Washington D.C. to deliver an AGIA update back
            to Alaska ' s Congressional delegation.

            With a year behind us and little progress , DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin and DNR Deputy
            Commissioner Marty Rutherford ran head first into two skeptical Alaska Senators.

            In a meeting with both Alaska Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Lisa Murkowski , Irwin and
            Rutherford encountered Senators unwilling to accept their sales pitch. Both Stevens and
            Murkowski were reportedly cranky and blunt about AGIA.

            Stevens apparently told Irwin and Rutherford, "You're not listening and you didn't listen
            last time."

            And, at one point, Stevens cut off Irwin as he was waxing poetic about the benefits of
            AGIA and said, "Don't philosophize with me."

            As a friend of mine pointed out, it's great political theater but it doesn't build a
            pipeline.




                                                             3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0011014
