Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor c©Dalaska.govl
                 Sent:    Wednesday , January 30, 2008 7:44 AM
                 To,      Saviand; Monica L (GOV)
                 Cc:      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: HB 256 - Gov. Palin's IM bill tomorrow House Resources



                From : Alaska Backcountry Hunters & Anglers [mailto:Alaskabha@starband.net]
                Sent: Tuesday, January 29, 2008 3:05 PM
                To: Rep_Craig Johnson@legis.state.ak.us; Rep_Carl_Gatto@legis.state.ak.us
                Cc: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
                Subject: HB 256 - Gov. Palin's IM bill tomorrow House Resources

                Dear Rep. Gatto and Rep. Johnson,

                Hi, this is Mark Richards writing, co-chair of Alaska Backcountry Hunters and
                Anglers. I'm writing regarding the first hearing on Gov. Palin's Intensive Management
                bill (HB 256) tomorrow afternoon in the House Resources committee. I've been in
                discussion with ADFG and Dept of Law on this bill this past summer and fall, and our
                org opposes HB 256. We'd like to send in detailed comments but weren't sure if you
                were taking public comments at this time.

                In a nutshell, we strongly support Governor Palin's attempt via this bill to make our
                state's predator management decisions "legally defensible," but the changes to our
                existing IM law that are in this bill have the potential to be worse than the "disease"
                we are now seeing with anti-hunters and other orgs suing the state every time we try
                to manage our predators. This bill, if passed, would take away definitions of
                biological terms such as "harvestable surplus" of game, remove mandates that the
                Board of Game receive and duly consider input from ADFG biologists and
                managers regarding prudent wildlife management, and legalize the aerial shooting of
                bears in Intensive Management areas solely at the discretion of the Board of Game.
                Essentially it gives all authority on future predator management decisions to the Board
                of.Game.

                We had hoped for the public discussion and debate on this bill that Governor Palin
                and Commissioner Lloyd said would take place last May when this bill
                was introduced at the close of the last session, but we have heard not one iota about
                this bill in the public arena since that time. I am cc-ing this to Commissioner Lloyd
                and the Governor so they are clear on our position. It is likely that Resources will hear
                that HB 256 would make it "harder" for the Board of Game to institute drastic
                measures of wolf and bear control in future, and this is certainly true. It's true because
                as stated the Board of Game would have sole discretion on whether or not to institute
                future predator control programs, and would not be "forced" as they now are under
                current IM law to initiate any controversial predator reduction programs. But there are


                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSPOI_0011035
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                two sides to this coin; on the flip side this bill if passed would also make it "easier" for the
                Board of Game to institute drastic measures of predator control. Indeed, we need to stop the
                frivolous lawsuits over our predator management schemes that cost the state (ADFG, Board
                of Game, Dept of Law) so much time and money, but this bill introduces too many potential
                downsides with its solution. It's possible that extensive legislative hearings and committee
                subsitutes could change our position, but at this time we oppose HB 256.

                Thank you very much for your time, and if you are accepting public comments please let us
                know and we will get ours off to you via email or fax.
                Sincerely,
                Mark Richards
                www.alaskabackcountrvhunters.org




     1




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0011036
