Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah(pyahop.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 6:41 AM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject :                Re: Conoco


             Thanks for the good info!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2008 20:43:23

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Conoco




             It was reported to me by Melissa Stepovich that in a board meeting of some kind this
             morning among Fbx community members with the interior delegation by phone, Sen. Wilken
             made a fairly poignant comment about how Conoco has produced more paper in press releases
             and ads than the number of pages in their thin proposal.



              On a related issue , Conoco/ BP/Newsminer have dominated things so entirely that people
             actually are thankful for the different perspective. It's almost as if they've been cowed
             into not saying what they really want to because they haven't been armed with good
             arguments. I'll bet I had 8-10 separate conversations with people who cautiously looked
             over my shoulder to make sure the Conoco and BP reps didn't hear them say how thankful
             they are that someone is speaking up, and how thankful they are for your leadership. Then,
             I was out in the car, checking my Blackberry, when a woman walked over and thanked me for
             standing up "for the little people" because they had been "taking a licking in their
             town."




              It was a good day and I let the Chamber crowd know that it wasn't true you weren't
             talking with Conoco. That you spoke with Bowles last week in Jnu and two weeks before that
             from Anc, etc. I could see a few stunned faces (positive).



              That's the report.... I'll be in Juneau Wed/Thurs.            See ya soon.



              Sean




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0011038
