Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 3:17 PM
              To:                      pklei©cinci.rr.com
              Subject:                 RE: Ak_History_Facts


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state. ak.us      (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.'4s]

              Sent : Wednesday, January 30, 2008 3:24 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Ak_History_Facts



              Web mail from: Mr. Peter Klei

              address: 5051 Midfield Rd. Cincinnati OH 45244

               513-535-0232



              MESSAGE:

              Dear Sarah ,                                               1/30/2008



             Today in our mail I recieved an ivitation to apply for one of your state 's travel guides.
             I promptly filled out my card so I may get one in the near future. Thank you. My mother
             and I will be traveling to your great state at the end of June and early July 2008. My
             father died two years ago and my mother and I decided we should take a trip of a lifetime.
             Alaska was our choice. My mother is 72 years old and curator of the Warren County
             Historical Society just north of Cincinnati Ohio. All aspects of history and geography
             interest her greatly.  We are comming to Fairbanks on June 25th and will tour Danali
             before setting sail on the Coral Princess. It so happens that we will be in Juneau on the
             birthday of our great nation. We were wondering if it would be possible to meet you and
             your family. I know it would be a great thrill and honor for my mother and I. My Email
             and



             pklei@cinci. rr.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0011083
