Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, January 30, 2008 3:33 PM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Elections




              -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent : Wednesday, January 30 , 2008 3:44 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections



              Web mail from: Steve Hanson

              address: Ogden Ogden UT 84404

               801-458-2985




             MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor,



             Thank you for taking the time to read this letter. This letter is of the upper most
             importance. I am a republican voter, and am very invested as a young person in this
             country. I have been very involved in learning and studying the history of the differing
             persons that are in the primary process this year. As I have been able to look over the
             many different situations, actions, and future desires of the nominees I have come to the
             conclusion of whom I will be voting for. It is Governor Mitt Romney.
             http://www.mittromney.com/   There are a few reasons why I am doing so. He is a great and
             strong leader that can help ,is come to a great place in the history of this county.



             He would be able to do that in three main areas . The first being, that he is a pro family,
             pro life person. I am aware that he supported one bill to allow abortion however we need
             to be aware that he was entering into a very liberal state and that he understand the
             importance of give and take. He denied many, many other abortion laws that came before
             him. He was given the pro life award while in Massachusetts as a statement of his strong
             stance on life, and his large, strong family is another point of proof.



             The second area in which he would be a strong leader of the United States is because of
             his great economic understanding and background. He has the ability to lead our economic
             situation in an onward and upward motion. This world in which we live is even more
             competitive in the business world then ever before and Gov Romney has done business with
             over 20 differing countries and all over the US, he knows this stuff. I would recommend
             looking at the following link it is an over view of the economic stimulus plan which is
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011081
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              great . http://www.mittromney. com/News / Press-Releases /Romney_Agenda_1.19.



              Thirdly Romney has the ability to keep us safe from sea to shining sea. The reason is
              because a president of the States does not have to secure the country on his own he has
              staffs on staff to help . if the president did not no one could keep us safe . With that
              said he will work with his staff to ensure peace and safety, and he can do that better
              then most . The reason he can is because he has the strong ability of negotiations. Mitt
              Romney has the ability to bring groups , or people together and help them come up with a
              solution to real world problems . A few examples of this are the ways that he was able to
              turn the Olympics around and work with so many differing countries . Secondly he was able
              to help the pro-gun groups , and antigun groups come up with a resolution on what type of
              arms people should and should not be able to have. He can help people, groups, and
              countries come together.



              I would encourage you to endorse and support Romney in his actions as running for
              president . He will not let us down at Americans.



              In conclusion Mitt Romney is a strong leader such as yourself . He is very capable and the
              best man for the job of President of the United States of America at this point in time.
              He has the ability and the funding in the primary and the general election to beat the
              democrats . He has vision , direction , and force . He is strong in Family values , protection
              of the States , and Economic stability . He is a person that will live up to the three legs
              of the Republican Party and will serve us well.



              Thank you again for taking the time to read this letter.

              From,



              Steve Hanson

              Weber State University Student

              801-958-2985

              Stevehanson22 @gmail.com




              stevehanson22 @gmail.com




                                                              2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011082
