Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From:    Miller, Mary E (DOL) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MEMILLER3]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 4:33 PM
                  To:      Myrna Brown; Andrew Ebona; Lindoff; Angel A (DOR); A Duncan Munro; amalia.monreal@seancc.org;
                           Miss Annette Marie Osborne; angel .culp@goldbelt.com; Alfred McKinley; Sr.; andrea doll; Andrea
                           Cadiente-Laiti; Beverly J. Vonda; Donnelly; Bernice M (EED); Buck; Hannah K (GOV);
                           bobloescher@gci.net; Clifton; Kelly L (GOV); Connie munro; Doloresa Cadiente; danthea; Brown;
                           Darrell (HAL); Ella Bennett; Ethel Lund; Corpuz; Elena (DOA); Susettna; Gomez; Shelly (HSS);
                           gary.droubay@goldbelt.com; Ishmael Hope; jfjll; Mason; Janice L (GOV); Jerry Ann; Judy Mason; Jerry
                           Bennett; Bennett; Janice A (DFG); Joann Patterson; Catherine V. Thomas;
                           kate.kokotovich@sealaska .com; Kathy Miller; Squires-White; Lynn (DOA); SueAnn Williams; Lavonne
                           Garvey; Ikadinger@thrha.org; Nashoanak; Martha L (DOA); Maureen Brown; Mike Early;
                           marietta.hopkins@sealaska .com; Michele Metz; memartin@ gci.net; Marie Olsen; Marvin; Sharon A
                           (HSS); Molly Yerkes; Barnes; Nancy C (LAA); Norman Sarabia; norman.flood@goldbelt.com;
                           nicole.hallingstad@ sealaska .com; Korting; Nancy A (LAW); peter@kootznoowoo.com; Percy Martin;
                           pexendine@gci.net; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Ron Williams; Renee Culp; Rhonda Hickok; Selina
                           Everson; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Thea Brown; Theresa Tanoury; St.Clair; Vonda M (DOR); Vicki
                           Soboleff; Victoria Johnson; Diane Carrier, Lyle James; zuboffsj@gci.net
                  Subject: RE: Lunch
                 Compliments to the Chef. Mary


                 From: Myrna Brown [mailto:mbrown@ccthita.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2008 9:14 AM
                 To: Myrna Brown; Andrew Ebona; Lindoff, Angel A (DOR); A Duncan Munro;
                 amalla .monreal@searhc.org; Miss Annette Marie Osborne; angel.culp@goldbelt.com; Alfred McKinley, Sr.;
                 andrea doll; Andrea Cadiente-Laiti; Beverly J. Vonda; Donnelly, Bernice M (EED); Buck, Hannah K (GOV);
                 bobloescher@gci.net; Clifton, Kelly L (GOV); connie munro; Doloresa Cadiente; danthea; Brown, Darrell
                 (HAL); Ella Bennett; Ethel Lund; Corpuz, Elena (DOA); Susettna; Gomez, Shelly (HSS);
                 gary.droubay@goldbelt.com; Ishmael Hope; jfjll; Mason, Janice L (GOV); Jerry Ann; Judy Mason; Jerry
                 Bennett; Bennett, Janice A (DFG); Joann Patterson; Catherine V. Thomas;
                 kate.kokotovich@sealaska.com; Kathy Miller; Squires-White, Lynn (DOA); SueAnn Williams; Lavonne
                 Garvey; lkadinger@thrha.org; Nashoanak, Martha L (DOA); Maureen Brown; Mike Early;
                 marletta.hopkins@sealaska.com; Michele Metz; memartin@gci.net; Marie Olsen; Miller, Mary E (DOL);
                 Marvin, Sharon A (HSS); Molly Yerkes; Barnes, Nancy C (LAA); Norman Sarabia;
                 norman.flood@goldbelt.com; nicole.hallingstad@sealaska .com; Korting, Nancy A (LAW);
                 peter@kootznoowoo.com; Percy Martin; pexendine@gci.net; Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Ron Williams;
                 Renee Culp; Rhonda Hickok; Selina Everson; Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Thea Brown; Theresa Tanoury;
                 St.Clair, Vonda M (DOR); Vicki Soboleff; Victoria Johnson; Diane Carrier; Lyle James; zuboffsj@gci.net
                 Subject: Lunch

                 Please remember that the Native Issues Forum is open to the public and is
                 co-sponsored by ANB Camp 2 and Central Council of Tlingit and Haida
                 Indian Tribes of Alaska. Today (January 30th) is yet another forum with
                 wonderful speakers Senator Bettye Davis who is promoting Women's
                 Hearth Month; February 6th is "Wear Red Day" and she has designated
                 individuals who will present this to the audience. Following this important
                 topic will be Representative Beth Kerttula who is always a popular speaker.
                 Our 1St Vice-President of Executive Council Dana Leask-Ruaro will MC.



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011072
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                 The Native Issues cooking crew is busy preparing a delicious lunch style buffet
                 that includes corn beef brisket w /cabbage , meat loaf supreme, mashed potatoes,
                 steamed rice , green beans , buttered dinner roll, fresh berry pie, lima beans with
                 ham, potato salad , macaroni salad, cesar' s salad and fruit salad. This certainly
                 beats being out in this cold miserable weather; you can see old friends and meet
                 new friends! The cooking smells throughout the building here is making everyone
                 hungry....

                 The Native Issues Forum begins approximately at 11:45 AM and concludes at
                 1:00 PM . Your presence is valuable and important. Thank you.




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011073
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                 Page 1 of 6


                 Unknown

                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Thursday, January 31, 2008 10:54 AM
                  To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Jan. 30-Feb. 5, 2008




                 From : Waste Business Journal (mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com)
                 Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2008 8:09 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject : Weekly News Bulletin: Jan. 30-Feb. 5, 2008

                                           If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                        Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jan. 30-Feb. 5, 2008


                  HEADLINES...
                  1. Intel Becomes Largest Purchaser of Green Power in the U.S.
                  2. Concord Regional Waste Co-op to Build $11 Million Recycling
                     Facility
                 3. Highland Capital Buys Marcal Paper Mills for $160 Million
                 4. Florida Power & Light Signs Deal to Develop 5.25 MW Landfill
                    Gas-to-Energy Project
                 5. Rep . Johnson Introduces Tax Credits for "Green " Truck Fleets
                 6. Pacific Gas and Electric is Seeking Partners for Biomethane
                    Projects
                 7. Allied Waste Closes on $33 . 9 Million in Solid Waste Revenue
                    Bonds
                 8. SPSA Director John Hadfield to Retire
                 9.  PlascoEnergy Begins to Receive MSW at its Plasma
                     Demonstration Plant
                 10. Viridis Waste Control Wins Patent for Bioreactor Technology
                 11. Sharps Compliance Buys Medical Waste Facility and Autoclave
                     Technology
                 12. Covanta Holding Corp to Release 4th Quarter Earnings on
                     February 26
                 13. American Ecology Corp to Release 4th Quarter Earnings on
                     February 7
                 14. Waste Management Launches Interactive Educational Web
                     Site


                  The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                  provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                  please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   Signup and Unsubscribe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 1 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your, colleagues.



                  Market Radius Reports




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0011074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 6




                  Focus on Your Market...
                  Market radius reports capture all waste operations within a given market.
                  They provide analysis of the major players by market share, and show
                  historical trends of pricing, volume and capacity specific to that area.
                  [Learn More...]




                  1. INTEL BECOMES LARGEST PURCHASER OF GREEN POWER IN
                     THE U.S.
                       Intel, the world's largest chipmaker, announced that it would buy more
                       than 1.3 billion kilowatt hours a year of renewable energy certificates,
                       making it the largest corporate purchaser of alternative energy in the
                       United States. The certificates will subsidize the development of wind,
                       solar, biomass and small-scale hydro-electric sources of energy, Intel
                       said In a statement . The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that
                       Intel's purchase has the equivalent impact of taking more than 185,000
                       passenger cars off the road each year... Read More s


                  2. CONCORD REGIONAL WASTE CO -OP TO BUILD $ 11 MILLION
                     RECYCLING FACILITY
                       To help avoid rising tipping fees at the Wheelabrator-operated waste-to-
                       energy plant in Penacook, NH, the Concord Regional Solid
                       Waste/Resource Recovery Cooperative, comprised of 27 towns, Is
                       seeking to build an $11 million "single stream" recycling facility. Driving
                       the move are tipping fees at the burn plant which are slated to increase
                       from $43 per ton currently to between $55 and $65 per ton next year.
                       The co-op is looking at five different sites along the Interstate 93
                       corridor to build the proposed 60,000-square-foot plant. However, the
                       economic feasibility of such a project dictates a minimum annual Intake
                       of 15 to 20 thousand tons of recyclables which means that the co-op will
                       have to seek outside sources to make up the shortfall from the 10
                       thousand tons the co-op generates currently ... Read More )>


                  3.   HIGHLAND CAPITAL BUYS --- -----
                                        - -- - -- MARCAL PAPER MILLS FOR $160
                       MILLION
                       A U.S. Bankruptcy Court In New Jersey approved the sale of Elwood
                       Park, N.J.-based Marcal Paper Mills Inc . to a Texas hedge fund for $160
                       million. Dallas- based Highland Capital Management assumes control of
                       the 75 - year old Marcalus family paper business which had filed for
                       bankruptcy protection in 2006. Highland already held the bulk of
                       Marcal 's second - lien debt which has led other creditors to accuse the
                       firm of using the bankruptcy sale process to obtain the company at a
                       discount . Marcal uses more than 200,000 tons of recycled paper each
                       year to make a variety of paper products, including bath and facial tissue
                       and towels . The sale is still subject to completion of an agreement with
                       the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection regarding the
                       state's Industrial Site Recovery Act... Read More))


                 4.    FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT SIGNS DEAL TO DEVELOP 5.25 MW
                       LANDFILL GAS -TO-ENERGY PROJECT
                       Florida Power & Light has signed a deal with Manatee Green Power to
                       construct and operate a 5.25 megawatt methane gas -to-energy plant
                       near the Lena Road Landfill in Manatee County, FL. It is expected to start
                       producing power in January 2009 and is to serve more than 1,800
                       homes, based on summer peak demand averages ... Read More))




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0011075
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 3 of 6


                  5.   REP. JOHNSON INTRODUCES TAX CREDITS FOR "GREEN"
                       TRUCK FLEETS
                       Rep. Hank Johnson Introduced legislation that would provide temporary
                       tax credits to companies that use recycled tire content in their vehicle
                       fleets. Known as the TIRE Act, H.R. 5103 amends the Internal Revenue
                       Service Code of 1986 to allow a $3 per tire credit for five years against
                       income tax for fleet operators that purchase tires made from recycled
                       rubber. Roughly 280 million tires are manufactured In the US annually,
                       each requiring 7 gallons of petroleum, and as much as 22 gallons for a
                       truck tire. A tire made with even 10% recycled content would avoid the
                       use of a gallon or more of oil...Read More *


                  6.   PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC IS SEEKING PARTNERS FOR
                       BIOMETHANE PROJECTS
                       Pacific Gas and Electric Is seeking research assistance to identify
                       partners to produce biomethane, a renewable clean energy that it can
                       provide to customers throughout its northern and central California
                       service area. Biomethane is derived from biomass which can come from
                       a variety of sources including agricultural crops, agricultural and forestry
                       wastes and residues, and construction wood wastes, among others.
                       California and the western region of.North America contain large
                       quantities of biomass which could make a meaningful contribution to the
                       energy supply as well as reduce greenhouse gas emissions through
                       avoided use of fossil fuels and decrease reliance on landfill
                       disposal ... Read More »


                  7. ALLIED WASTE CLOSES ON $33 .9 MILLION IN SOLID WASTE
                     REVENUE BONDS
                       Allied Waste Industries Inc. announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary,
                       Allied Waste North America Inc., successfully completed the offering of
                       $33.9 million in principal amount of California Municipal Finance
                       Authority Solid Waste Revenue Variable Rate Demand Bonds Series
                       2008A due 2024. The offering is backed by a letter of credit as credit
                       enhancement for the bonds. Inclusive of the letter of credit fees, the
                       Initial all-in cost to Allied is about 4.20%. As of the date of issuance, the
                       bonds bear variable interest rates reset weekly based on market
                       rates... Read More»


                                  ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                  Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is               I         °`.^..
                  the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to - date an d        °''°°"'" ^°'°
                  comprehensive facility database of over 7 , 400 waste
                  processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                  The Directory &. Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                  powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                  to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                  materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                  stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                  [Learn More...]

                                                                   _- _._TI..._._.
                 8.    SPSA DIRECTOR JOHN HADFIEL . -....' RETIRE
                                                             LD TO
                       Southeastern Public Service Authority's Executive Director, John Hadfield
                       announced that he will retire later this year. Hadfield, who is 62, is
                       leaving an agency that he helped to build over the last 30 years. His
                       tenure of late has been marked by controversy as the agency struggled
                       with debt, plans to Import out-of-state waste, lawsuits and a near
                       mutiny of some of its eight municipal members. When many thought he




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011076
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 4 of 6


                      would be fired, he Instead got a raise. That the agency which Includes an
                      area larger than the state of Delaware is still standing, is a testament to
                      his strong leadership. He is a former Army captain and Vietnam
                      veteran ... Read More »


                  9. PLASCOENERGY BEGINS TO RECEIVE MSW AT ITS PLASMA
                     DEMONSTRATION PLANT
                      Ottawa Ontario- based Plasco Energy began receiving MSW at its Plasco
                      Trail Road Demonstration Plant which employs a proprietary plasma
                      process to bum waste and generate a clean burning synthetic gas. The
                      clean burning synthetic gas drives combustion engines to generate
                      electricity. Eventually the plant will operate 24-7 once all testing is
                      complete possibly by the end of next month... Read More »


                  10. VIRIDIS WASTE CONTROL WINS PATENT FOR BIOREACTOR
                      TECHNOLOGY
                      Dublin, Ohio-based Viridis Waste Control LLC announced winning a
                      patent for Its bloreactor technology that employs septage waste to
                      augment the process. In addition to the usual benefits of l loreactors
                      including accelerated decomposition and gas recovery and increased
                      capacity and landfill life, the methodology helps avoid having to land
                      apply or spray septic waste on farm fields. The company was formed by
                      former St. Clair County, MI Smiths Creek landfill manager Larry O'Keefe
                      who is in the midst of a dispute with the county over rights to the
                      technology which the county claims to have helped to develop... Read
                      More))


                  11. SHARPS COMPLIANCE BUYS MEDICAL WASTE FACILITY AND
                      AUTOCLAVE TECHNOLOGY
                     Medical waste disposal firm Sharps Compliance Corp. has purchased a
                     medical waste facility that it currently leases in Carthage, TX. The
                     purchase Includes an incinerator that is currently permitted to treat 11
                     tons per day, but has a capacity of 30 tons per day in a 12,000 square
                     foot building on a 4.5 acre parcel of land. The company also executed a
                     purchase order for a state-of-the-art autoclave system and technology
                     capable of boosting the existing capacity of the plant which does so in a
                     cleaner, less costly manner than incineration. The total cost is estimated
                     to be $900,000... Read More»


                  12. COVANTA HOLDING CORP TO RELEASE 4TH QUARTER
                      EARNINGS ON FEBRUARY 26
                     Covanta Holding Corporation plans to release fourth quarter financial
                     results at the close of markets on Tuesday, February 27, 2008. The
                     company will host a conference call the following day at 8:30 a.m. to
                     discuss those results and answer questions... Read More u


                  13. AMERICAN ECOLOGY CORP TO RELEASE 4TH QUARTER
                      EARNINGS ON FEBRUARY 7
                     American Ecology Corporation plans to release fourth quarter financial
                     results on Thursday, February 7, 2008 prior to the opening of the market
                     and will host a conference call at 11 a.m. (ET) to discuss those results as
                     well as the outlook for 2008... Read More *


                  14. WASTE MANAGEMENT LAUNCHES INTERACTIVE
                      EDUCATIONAL WEB SITE
                      Waste Management launched an interactive website called
                      thinkgreen.com which it hopes will help to educate the public about what
                      happens to waste beyond the fact that the garbage cans are magically




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    P RA_GS PO 100 11077
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 5 of 6


                      emptied each week. We want to pull back the curtain and reverse the
                      way the public thinks about waste. This is a tremendous opportunity for
                      the public to learn more about our operations and the ways modem
                      practices are protecting and enhancing the environment," said David
                      Steiner, CEO... Read More a


                  Waste Market Overview &              Slue of the Waste Management tndusxry
                                                       HieEa l and Projected
                  Outlook
                  The Waste Market Overview
                  examines the Industry top to
                  bottom covering waste
                  generation , collection,
                  processing, recovery and
                  disposal by revenue and
                  volume . The report details the
                  relationship of past and future.
                  pricing to capacity and demand
                  for disposal, and shows the
                  Increasing role of the private
                  sector. Waste equipment and
                  the emerging Importance of e-
                  waste , C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  · Market Revenues by Segment
                  · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                  · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                  · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                  · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                  · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                  · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                  · Waste Management Equipment
                  (Learn More ...J




                   ABOUT US
                    Waste Business Journal researches the waste Industry and publishes a
                    variety of reports . We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                    on their particular needs . Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  } can help you.
                   CONTACT US
                   PO Box 40034
                   San Diego , CA 92164-0034
                   Tel 619.793.5190
                   Fax 619.793.4713
                   Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                   Forward email
                   UNSUBSCRIBE
                   This email was sent to office_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                   lnfo@wastebusinessjournal.com
                   Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                   SafeUnsubscribe TM I Privacy Policy.
                   QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                   Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   DISCLAIMER
                   Although WBI has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011078
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                              Page 6 of 6


                  1 and are unintentional




                 10/29/2009                                                                                                                0



                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0011079
