Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 10:50 AM
              To:                      peatyboy@gci.net
              Subject:                 RE: Fish_and_Game

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2008 10:58 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Mr. Wm R Harvey Jr

             address : 13720 Davis road Anchorage AK 99516




             MESSAGE:

             We against SB 176 and HB 256. F&G is just a pawn of the hunters and trappers. They have
             symbiotic relationship. The weather is the determinant for survival of ungulates. We
             already voted against aerial hunting but many of you folk don't know the meaning of
             Democracy.



             I own lots of property in the valley and the poaching is rampant. We have helicopters
             flying over and landing on our lakes looking for game. I grew hunting and trapping and
             aerial hunting is not honorable.



             Also , if you believe that F&G can predict anything as complex as the food web, just ask
             any commercial fisherman.



             Wm Harvey




             peatyboy@gci.net



                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0011093
