Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, January 30, 2008 8:54 AM
             To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R
                                      (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: from Andrew Haicro's blog...what to do?


             Wait- who bent the rules to let TC in?

             Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 08:00:25

             To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)"
             <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Balash,
             Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




             Governor,



             We're sorry we haven't yet briefed you on the DC trip.



             Halcro is accurate.   Of our meetings in DC, the one with the Senators was the only
             negative.  Don Young was separate and very positive. The quotes are almost verbatim, so
             he has a good source.



             The disturbing connection doesn't end there, however. Sen. Murkowski's views on
             TransCanada's application were clearly informed by Halcro. I don't know if that is a
             direct connection, or through the briefings she would have received by staff. At first
             she stated that these were opinions she reached after reviewing the documents herself,
             then after being pressed and presented with our side, she conceded that she had only
             looked at the Executive Summary of their application.



             Sen. Murkowski' s message was that she was very disturbed by our treatment of
             ConocoPhillips.   She read your letter to Mulva, and found it dismissive, and that was
             disturbing. We have to get the producers into the project. She doesn't know why we bent
             the rules to let TransCanada in, but don't expect more help from the federal government.



             Sen. Stevens ' message was that the opportunity for the project is slipping or has already
             passed , and the state was short-sighted when it rejected the previous deal. He. stopped
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0011099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             just barely short of saying "a pipeline at ANY cost." His other points were:



                     -   The next federal administration will not allow any Alaska projects;

                     -   No additional federal assistance will be provided by Congress;

                 -       The current federal assistance will be repealed if ANY gas will end up staying in
             Canada.



             We pushed back on all these points, and the tone of the entire meeting was
             confrontational.  We told them there were no current asks , and neither side conceded their
             position.  We left dismayed and frustrated.

             Their overall message is not consistent with the impression we get from the federal
             agencies, or from Drue Pearce. We believe the appetite for the gasline project remains
             high in DC, and there may be an opportunity to pursue additional help when the time comes.

             - Pat




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com <mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com> )

             Sent : Wednesday, January 30, 2008 7:30 AM

             To: Irwin, Tom E     (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph
             R (GOV)

             Subject: Fw: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?



             I wasn't debriefed after that mtg - were there problems there? Is Halcro's account
             accurate?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>




             Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 10:56:45

             To:"Joe Balash" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,<gov.saraheyahoo.com>

             Subject: Re: from Andrew Halcro's blog...what to do?




             There were 11 people in the meeting .     For the State, they were Marty, Tom, Pat, and Larry.




                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011100
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Then , there were Senator Stevens and three of his staff :   George Lowe ( Chief of Staff),
             Kate Williams ( Legislative Director ), and Kevin Simpson ( Energy ). Also present were
             Senator Murkowski and two of her staff :   Isaac Edwards ( Legislative Director ) and Chuck
             Kleeschulte ( Energy).



             I can't figure out how Halcro got the information and don't know of any way to check at
             this end.  Senator Stevens has always insisted on the confidentiality of such meetings and
             that has been respected by all concerned.



             We've spent part of this morning correcting some inaccurate information that came out of
             the meeting from the Senate side.




             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz®alaskadc .org <mailto:jwkatz® alaskadc .org> > jwkatz@alaskadc .org.                 Thank you




              >> On 1/30 / 2008 at 10 : 39 AM , in message < 1502847629 - 1201707619-
             cardhu decombobulator blackberry . rim.net - 121440263 -®bxeO29 . bisx . prod . on.blackberry>,
             <gov.sarah®yahoo . com> wrote:



             Very , very disappointing , but also seems to be par for the course : too many
             " disclosures "/ leaks that only aim to undermine this effort . This is unacceptable.



             Joe- pls find out everything you can on this . It's unacceptable . Please enlist whomever
             else you must in order to find out who leaked ... because it must , and will, stop.



             John ,   if you can find out anything, please do . Who attended the meetings?

             Sent from my B1ackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " John Katz "   < jwkatz ®ALASKADC.org>




             Date : Wed, 30 Jan 2008 09:04:08

             To:"Joseph R (GOV ) Balash " < joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Governor Sarah Palin " < gov.sarah @yahoo.com>

             Subject : Re:'from Andrew Halcro ' s blog...what to do?




                                                                   3




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0011101
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             My first question is how did Halcro get this information . Someone in the meeting
             obviously provided it.  I don't like that. Such disclosure is not consistent with the
             relationship we hope to have with the delegation.



             In our debrief with the - gas team afterwards , we discussed each DC meeting and what, if
             anything, we need to do .   We concluded that we should ask for a separate , low profile
             meeting with Senator Murkowski in Alaska just to review the facts , and I have requested
             this but have not heard back.



             Senator Stevens is adamant ( and probably so is Senator Murkowski ).  In our collective
             opinion , we need to continue to educate and inform , not cut off communications.



             Fortunately, we're not asking for anything now from Congress or the delegation. If there
             is activity, it will be at FERC and perhaps DOE. The reality is that AGIA is the only
             game in town, and I believe that the delegation understands that.



             Larry and I are continuing to respond to specific questions from the delegation, and
             hopefully that dialogue will help. The next big DC event is FERC's next report to
             Congress on the gasline. Collectively, I believe we've done everything we can to help
             FERC .understand the current situation.



             Because of the importance of your question, I'm taking the liberty of adding the Governor
             to our email exchange.



             P.S.

             On a more optimistic note, all of the other meetings went very well. The participants
             were interested and receptive.




             Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
             <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> > jwkatz@alaskadc.org.              Thank you




             >>> On 1/30/ 2008 at 1:42 AM, in message
             <4B8A5A1B956F474E82FCEFA159230B8D7B30FF @SOAJNUMSG03. soa.alaska .gov>, "Balash, Joseph R
             (GOV)" <joe. balash@alaska .gov> wrote:




             Jan 30: Mr. AGIA goes to Washington



                                                             4




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0011102
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Last week, the AGIA architects traveled to Washington D.C. to deliver an AGIA update back
             to Alaska' s Congressional delegation.

             With a year behind us and little progress, DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin and DNR Deputy
             Commissioner Marty Rutherford ran head first into two skeptical Alaska Senators.

             In a meeting with both Alaska Senator Ted Stevens and Senator Lisa Murkowski, Irwin and
             Rutherford encountered Senators unwilling to accept their sales pitch. Both Stevens and
             Murkowski were reportedly cranky and blunt about AGIA.

             Stevens apparently told Irwin and Rutherford, "You're not listening and you didn't listen
             last time."

             And, at one point, Stevens cut off Irwin as he was waxing poetic about the benefits of
             AGIA and said, "Don't philosophize with me."

             As a friend of mine pointed out, it's great political theater but        it doesn 't build a
             pipeline.




                                                           5




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011103
