Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 31 , 2008 4:09 PM
             To:                      Monegan; Walt C (DPS ); Colberg ; Talis J (LAW)
             Subject:                 Re: ADN Article.

             Did the state have anything to do with this ruling , or just the Feds?

             Sent from my BlackBerry e device from Cellular One



             -----original Message-----

             From: " Monegan , Walt C (DPS)" <walt.monegan@alaska.gov>



             Date : Thu, 31 Jan 2008 15:39:33

             To:gov . sarah@yahoo . com, "Colberg , Talis J ( LAW)" <talis . colberg@alaska.gov>

             Subject : FW: ADN Article.




             From our PIO...




             From :   Peters, Megan A (DPS)

              Sent : Thursday ,   January 31 ,   2008 3:21 PM

              To: Holloway , Audie E ( DPS); Monegan , Walt C ( DPS); Glass , John D ( DPS); Leveque , Matthew
             C (DPS ); Glick , John R ( DPS); Papasodora , John J (DPS)

              Subject : ADN Article.



             I am sure there will be much more to follow . For now , this is what ' s already out there.

             -Mp

             U.S. marshals cleared in ' 06 Homer shootout



             By TOM KIZZIA

              Anchorage Daily News I tkizzia@adn . com <mailto : tkizzia@adn.com>




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0011126
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Published : January 31st , 2008 02:07 PM

               Last Modified : January 31st ,   2008 02:10 PM

             Nearly two years after a fatal shootout at the Homer Airport , a federal prosecutor has
             concluded U.S. marshals have no federal criminal liability for pressing ahead with the
             arrest of a dangerous fugitive despite the presence of nearby crowds and the fugitive's
             two small children in his car.

             Jason Karlo Anderson , who was wanted on drug charges and considered " armed and
             dangerous ," died when a gun battle erupted as marshals and Homer police attempted to
             arrest him in the airport parking lot on March 1 , 2006 . Anderson ' s 2-year - old son, Jason,
             was shot in the head . He survives but remains seriously injured.

             In a brief report released this afternoon , U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Sullivan of Seattle said
             Anderson shot his own son during the gunfight , then turned his gun on himself.

             Sullivan released a three-page summary of legal considerations in the case. He said there
             was no evidence that any law enforcement officer acted willfully to violate the civil
             rights of Anderson or his son.

             Bad tactics resulting in a deadly confrontation do not allow a claim that Fourth Amendment
             rights against unreasonable seizures have been violated , Sullivan said , citing appeals
             court precedents.

             Few details of what happened at the airport that night were released . Indeed, an official
             account of the shootout has yet to emerge . Local , state and federal officials have always
             had no comment on the incident , deferring questions until the official investigation was
             released.

             As of Thursday , that investigative report remains secret. Sullivan did not release the 57-
             page investigation undertaken by the Alaska State Troopers , citing the Federal Privacy
             Act.

             "There is no question that the events of March 1, 2006 were a tragedy ," Sullivan said in a
             prepared statement . " But it was a tragedy of Jason Anderson ' s own making . It was Jason
             Anderson who shot his son, fired at officers and then killed himself . With 20 / 20 hindsight
             we can all see ways that law enforcement could have improved their apprehension plan. But
             none of us were in their shoes , making decisions minute to minute . And none of us know
             what the outcome might have been , had they allowed Jason Anderson to drive out of that
             parking lot . Anderson was a ticking time bomb who could have injured or killed more
             innocent people in his efforts to avoid apprehension."

             Find Tom Kizzia online at adn.com /contact/ tkizzia or call him at 907-235-4244.




             Megan A . Peters

             PIO, Department of Public Safety

             5700 E .   Tudor Rd.

            Anchorage , AK 99507



             907.269.5413 (Desk)

             907.351.3137 (Mobile)

            megan . peters@alaska.gov




                                                                2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0011127
