Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From : Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                 Sent: Wednesday , January 30, 2008 11:23 AM
                 To:    'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Cc:    Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)

               Governor:
               You asked for some additional information on the Juneau Empire news story Pat Forgey wrote yesterday about
               the settlement with an investment company . That investment company was managing about $6.2 million in SBS
               retirement funds for 1,288 state employees . The fund was supposed to be a conservative bond fund but the
               value crashed after the managers made some poor decisions.

               LAW went after the investment company and reached a settlement agreement . Under the agreement, the state
               employees would receive 100 % of their retirement funds , (+) the rate of return the fund was supposed to provide
               for the time period that it dropped on those funds , (+) interest.

               Because the settlement was so favorable to Alaskans , and the company faced nationwide exposure, the
               investment company asked LAW to agree not to do a press release. LAW agreed not to do a press release.
               LAW did so knowing there was no agreement to keep the settlement confidential and knowing that LAW could
               contact all the Alaskans harmed financially by letter , actual phone calls , etc. to make sure they got full
               compensation.

               In the 30 days since the first letter giving notice about the settlement went out, 1035 persons (80.35% of the total
               eligible for a recovery ) have responded and received their money . $5.4 million of the total $6.3 million in
               settlement proceeds have been paid out. Next week, another letter is going out to the persons who did not
               respond to the first letter.

               Mike Barnhill, the attorney interviewed by Mr. Forgey is still upset with the spin that was put into the story and told
               him that it was ridiculous to characterize the settlement as a secret or confidential.


               Randy




               8/24/2009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of I



                  Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:     David Stone [situkrockl @hotmail.comj
                   Sent:     Wednesday , January 30, 2008 5:35 PM
                  To:        Mason; Janice L (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); David Stone
                   Subject : Thank you

                Janice,

                Thank you for your help getting us a appointment with Governor Palin. Would you please forward the attach
                letter on to the Governor.

                Thanks
                Dave Stone


                Connect and share in new ways with Windows Live. Get it now!




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0011113
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                            CITY & BOROUGH of YAKUTAT
                                                                        P.O. Ba: 160
                                                                     Y.kW.r. Ahdu 99689
                                                                     Ph- (907) 784-3323
                                                                     F.  (907) 781.3281




                                                    January 30, 2008

                      Dear Governor Patin,

                      I want to thank you for the time you spent with our delegation listening to
                      our concerns. We were aware of the demands for your time, which made us
                      feel very privileged for the opportunity to meet with you.

                      I spoke to you in Homer after you debated other gubernatorial candidates,
                      where I had the opportunity to meet your husband and children. At that
                      time, I told you I was proud of the way you addressed the influence of
                      special interest groups in Juneau and your plans to do something about them.
                      I was extremely proud of way you handled the Randy Ruedrich situation,
                      which proved to me you were someone with integrity.

                      I feel you are doing an outstanding job as governor. Your critics are hard
                      pressed to find public support for their criticism. Keep up the good work.

                      Thank you again for the time you spent with us.

                      Dave Stone

                      David Stone, Mayor
                      City and Borough of Yakutat




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0011114
