Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    gov. sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 31, 2008 3:11 PM
             To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: Info


             Just fyi, I guess.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>



             Date: Thu, 31 Jan 2008 09:53:38

             To:"Palin, Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Info




             Hi!  Just for your info... I got a call yesterday from an attorney friend in Juneau who is a
             big supporter of yours. Says you are doing a good job and are well liked. He compared
             you to Hammond or Egan with regard to political skookumness. His only concern was that
             you were becoming isolated from your supporters. He says your staff is keeping your
             friends away and that he, and others he did not mention, no longer hear from you and are
             unable to get through. He also was concerned about what he referred to as your reliance
             on your commissioners.   He says his impression is that you aren't managing (or paying
             enough attention) to what is happening in the various departments that your commissioners
             are overseeing.   I asked for an example and he mentioned the DOT, saying that it is going
             through "meltdown".   I didn't ask for more particulars but if you will recall I sent you a
             bunch of information about the.problems at DOT a number of months ago when I sent you info
             on Mary Caterinichilo's problems there.   My contact did not know that I had done so nor
             did he know about Mary's problem, but apparently some of the problems I mentioned then
             about that department are becoming even more apparent to outsiders. His comment was that
             some/many of the commishs are simply coasting, waiting for when they can retire. Again
             what is interesting is that at the time I initially sent you the DOT info, Caterinichio
             made specific reference to the Commish of DOT being in that category. Mary complained
             that he didn't want to make waves so close to retirement, if I recall.



             Just thought you'd like to have this info.



             My best, WAR




            By the way, your lady was quite prompt in getting back to our son, Greg, on the
            possibility of your speaking to the National Honor Society. Thanks. After I sent you
            that request, I realized that it might appear that Greg was a member of the NHS. In fact,
            Greg is a Social Studies teacher at Mears Junior High and he is in charge of that program.



                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011133
