Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                      Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
             Sent:                       Thursday, January 31, 2008 1:34 PM
             To:                         'gov. sarah©yahoo.com'; Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
             Cc:                         Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                    Re: Anders Fired Up


             I hope we're not too late also, and that the delay will later be seen as "reeling back for
             the punch".



             Let's hope we can hit the mark on all fronts!



             F



             ----- Original Message

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.saraheyahoo.com>

            To: Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

            Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty               K (DNR); Bailey, Frank T (GOV); Perry,          Kristina
            Y (GOV)

            Sent: Thu Jan 31 13:13:51 2008

            Subject: Re: Anders Fired Up



            Sounds good. I'm usually not a wet blanket, but I'm sure hoping we haven't already missed
            the boat on some of the messaging - based on what supportive legislators have shared with
            me, and supportive confidants in my personal life. After feeling like folks were getting
            tired of hearing me nag about the need for proactive, aggressive messaging, my own "fired
            up-ness" sort of climaxed some weeks ago. We'll hopefully catch up some with the message
            that, "Yes, believe it or not, we do believe we know what we're doing on the gasline".



            I hadn't seen any Fairbanks request for any mtg or call in - had I known I'd have answered
            that of course I could call in while I'm in Fairbanks.



            Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Anders, Bruce F (DNR)" <bruce. anders@alaska.gov>



            Date:     Thu, 31 Jan 2008    11:43:53
                                                                       1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0011150
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To:Sarah Palin < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Irwin, Tom E (DNR )" < tom.irwin@alaska . gov>,"Rutherford , Marty K (DNR)"
             <marty . rutherford@alaska . gov>,"Bailey , Frank T ( GOV)" <frank . bailey@alaska . gov>,"Perry,
             Kristina Y (GOV )" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>

             Subject : Anders Fired Up




             Governor,



             I just wanted to express to you the angst I have been feeling in recent weeks to GET OUT
             THERE , and PLAY OFFENSE on messaging AGIA . I am elated to tell you that I have a green
             light from everybody on the AGIA Messaging Plan , and that I am implementing it
             IMMEDIATELY .    A few short - term high points you ' ll see:



            1.  The National Plan is in swing .  Kurt and I are traveling to DC to begin laying the
            groundwork on obtaining endorsements from key trade groups , consumer groups , environmental
            groups, etc.   Katz has offered us full support , and we ' ll use it . We will get the
            procurement out for a communications consultant to set up your east coast media blitz,
            probably around the time we announce the licensee.



            2.  Dan Saddler is going to join the team .    Dan will monitor the Alaskan dialogue (print
            and airwaves ), field and traffic calls from reporters relative to AGIA ( freeing Sharon and
            Beth from that ), joining me in issue - spotting for the team and adding written pieces to
            the FAQ I got posted to the AGIA website , etc.    His TOP PRIORITY is to facilitate a
            statewide radio blitz for Marty / Tom/Kurt NEXT WEEK .  In this way, we will be reaching tens
            of thousands of Alaskans , an excellent complement to the relative few we can touch at the
            Town Hall meetings .   We'll also get on the VERY NEXT agenda at Commonwealth North,
            Alliance , Chamber , etc., to deconstruct myths and advance the positive messages we need
            out there .  And note , these appearances will not be a one - time blitz , they will be an
            ONGOING dialogue with the public: as new issues ( from Hal cro / Murk / Bowles counterpunches)
            reach a pitch , a new radio blitz week will be orchestrated to get the truth to the people.




            3.  Rhonda     is on board to help with Native group messaging .        BTW, Tom and I will be
            addressing     the ANCSA Board CEOs on 2/15 - I have been working with Janice , but REALLY need
            to hear if     you're able to call in for 10 mins at the beginning of that meeting , around 9;
            I know you '   ll be in Fbx, but hopefully that can work).




            4.   Joe is heading up the Juneau messaging , assigning us as needed.



            I am fired up, and itching to take the fight to the people .  We cannot afford to sit back,
            we MUST defend this process vigorously , because it is what Alaskans deserve and need. I
            am sick of Wentzel and Halcro being the only voices in the room .  We can engage them and
            we can beat them. Why? We are smarter and more committed , and more importantly, we are
            RIGHT.




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0011151
