Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                    Thursday, January 31, 2008 12:01 PM
             To:                      kwalters@alaska.com
             Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2008 11:57 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Mr. Kelly Walters

             address: 3743 Terrace DR Anchorage AK 99502

              907-243-6265



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,

             The people of Alaska have spoken twice on the issue of Aerial Wolf Hunting. It is immoral
             and flat wrong. I have hunted successfully for moose in the past and support hunting
             rights.   However, the board of game is stacked and is turning Alaska into a wild game
             farm.   The thrill of hunting moose involves being in the same wilderness as bears and
             wolves.   Please stop the program and keep Alaska wild!



            I am also sending you a letter from the Department of Fish and Game indicating that the
            moose population was healthy and there were more than twice the moose in the McGrath area.
            Here it is:



             Frank Rue Commissioner

             Public Communications

             P.O. Box 25526

            Juneau, Alaska 99802-5526

             Phone (907) 465-6166, Fax (907) 465-2332
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011157
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Press Release ;     November 6, 2001




             BETTER NEWS FOR McGRATH MOOSE

             Survey Documents Larger Moose Population Than Preveiously Thought




             A new, thorough survey of the moose population near McGrath has found twice as many moose
             in the area as previously thought, Alaska Department of Fish and Game Commissioner Frank
             Rue announced today.



             "This new population survey is better news about moose in the McGrath area," Rue said.
             "The new data corrects earlier population estimates and indicates the moose population
             around McGrath is not declining and, in fact, may be starting to grow again. The results
             underscore the importance of the science-based; adaptive approach we've applied to moose
             management in the area. The new population numbers lead me to conclude that lethal
             predator control measures are not warranted and subsistence hunting should be allowed to
             continue."



             The moose survey in Game Management Unit 19D East near McGrath was completed October 30
             and found more than 1,800 moose in the area where about 830 moose were estimated last
             year.



             Fish and Game staff is confident the latest survey is more accurate than the census
             conducted last year. This year observers counted every moose they could find in a 500-
             square-mile area surrounding McGrath. Previous moose population estimates were based on
             counts within randomly chosen survey units that were applied to the entire area. These
             randomly selected units contained very few moose and less-than-ideal conditions hindered
             the census effort. Good weather contributed to the success of the 2001 survey along with
             additional daylight since the survey was completed ten days ahead of last year's schedule.
             The timing of moose surveys varies each year, depending on snow cover.



             With growing concern over the availability of moose to meet local subsistence needs, and
             doubts about the reliability of available information about moose numbers in 19D East, the
             department made a concerted effort this year to obtain the most accurate population
             information possible.



             "Thanks to this year' s successful moose census we now see a clearer picture," Rue said.
             "It is likely that local trapping efforts have been more effective than we first thought
             in reducing wolf predation on moose."



             The McGrath area has been the focus of an Adaptive Management Team appointed by Gov. Tony
             Knowles to make recommendations for wildlife management to benefit local residents. The
             department will discuss the new census data with the Adaptive Management Team in an
             upcoming meeting regarding further monitoring and management strategies.
                                                          2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011158
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Governor Palin,



             Our Wildlife and Game is for ALL ALASKANS ! Please put people that are progressive on the
             board of game ... enough with the Alaska Outdoor Council controlling our Game Board.



             Thanks for your time and consideration!



             Kelly Walters




             kwalters@alaska.com




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0011159
