Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                     Thursday, January 31 , 2008 11:59 AM
             To:                       Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
             Cc:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                  FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Thursday, January 31, 2008 12:10 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Joshua Czech

             address :   P.   0. Box 10242 Fbks AK 99710




             MESSAGE:

             Gov. Palin (almost a high of a title as an infantryman's mom)-



             I was on shift when you came to visit the AK Guard in the desert. I'll have to cash in on
             lunch and a picture with the Governor later.

             Since returning to my home in Fbks, I see that John Coghill has introduced a pro life
             bill. The facts that the "fetus" is alive, feels pain, ect. has unfortunately done little
             to change the mind of those in favor of abortion . in our great country we have just passed
             the 35th. year, and 50 millionth abortion. Perhaps the struggling state of our nation to
             fill our skilled work force, military, and just good old citizen tax payers can now be
             attributed to the fact that we are missing 50 million Americans citizens . At 35 years old
             and on down they would be in the prime of life, and a much needed asset to the country. I
             strongly encourage you to continue your pro life stance in our state.

            Well, every self respecting infantryman goes on to airborne school. Paratrooper's mom
            should be the next title.

            Have a good day.



             Sergeant Czech




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0011160
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              j_czech@yahoo.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011161
