Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Friday, February 01 , 2008 1:35 PM
                 To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Cc:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Yakutat Wild



                 From: David Stone [mailto:situkrockl@hotmail.com]
                 Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 1:21 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Pal!n (GOV sponsored); Mason, Janice L (GOV); yakutat_salmon_board@yahoo.com
                Subject: Yakutat Wild

                 Janice,
                 Could you ask the Governor if we can put this photo on Yakutat Wild web site.

                 Under the photo it will read Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and Yakutat Mayor Dave Stone.
                 By the way, tell her I sent this photo to my brother in Pennsylvania and told him it was a gift from
                 our Governor, he was very Impressed.

                 Thanks
                 Dave Stone


                 Shed those extra pounds with MSN and The Biggest Loser ! Learn more.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0011178
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ceonews                                                                                                           Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governorc@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Friday, February 01, 2008 9:20 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: ceonews - February 2008




                From : Chief Executives Organization [mailto:ceonews@ceo.orgj
                Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 8:38 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: ceonews - February 2008

                 0                                                                                        0

                 A monthly e-newsletter for members                                                                 FEBRUARY 200
                 ri       I I r ii     rXi                N
                             I

                                                                       Young Ambassadors Make Their CEO Debut
                                                                        2008 Winter Games in St. Moritz - Register Now
                 IN MEMORIAM                                            Inside Look: Broadway - See a Side of Broadway
                                CEO member Donald               You've Never Seen Before
                                "Don" E . Klingler; St.                Inside Look : Boston Symphony Orchestra -
                                Louis, Missouri, USA;           Experience a Classical Music Lover 's Dream Weekend
                                YPO Class of 1984;                      Latvia Seminar - Make a Difference in the Lives of
                                passed away                     Youngsters
                                19 December 2007.                      European Area Conference - Register Now
                 Click her to view the obituary.                       Turkey ' s Jak Kornfilt Brings Arts and Sciences to
                                                                CEO
                 IN MEMORIAM
                                 Kimball Lauritzen,        Young Ambassadors Make Their CEO Debut
                                 wife of CEO Member
                                 Bruce Lauritzen;                            In Florence , the average age of the hospitality
                                 Omaha , Nebraska,                           committee will drop - significantly - as Generation
                                 USA; passed away                            Y enters the mix. Originally founded in 1995 by
                           - 14 January 2008. lic                            Simonetta Brandolini d'Adda , the Young
                 h,trl to view the obituary.                                 Ambassadors program is comprised of the children
                                                                             of YPOers , who come together to provide staff
                                                                             support and serve as an extension of the
                                                                             hospitality committee at "0" events . Since its
                                                                             inauguration in Florence, the group has supported
                                                                             international YPO events in Barcelona , Istanbul,
                                                                             Kyoto , London, Edinburgh , Toronto, Rome,
                                                                             Athens, and Venice, consistently earning high
                                                                             ratings and lavish praise from program attendees.
                                                                             more

                                                          ;x,
                                                           2008 Winter Games in St. Moritz - Register Now

                                                                             Working with Penny Pitou, an Olympic double
                                                                             silver medalist who has led dozens of ski trips in
                                                                             the Alps, Hosts Don and Melrose Burr have
                                                                             developed an exciting program for the 2008 CEO
                                                                             Winter Games. In addition to terrific skiing with



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0011179
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 ceonews                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


                                                               great guides , you'll enjoy activities such as: a
                                                               coffee roasting factory tour and tasting , a dinner in
                                                               an Alpine Show Cheese Dairy, a Calcutta Race, a
                                                               casino night, and a disco party in the famous
                                                               "Cresta Club." The games will be held from 22
                                                               February - 1 March 2008 in the elegant old-world
                                                               resort of St. Moritz, Switzerland. more

                                               Inside Look: Broadway - See a Side of Broadway You've Never
                                               Seen Before
                                                              Hosts Conrad and Linda Foa have teamed up with
                                                              son Barrett Foa, a leading Broadway actor, to
                                                              provide CEOers with a rare glimpse Into Broadway
                                                              theatre from 14- 16 April 2008 . Set within the
                                                              Theatre District of New York City, this inside Look:
                                                              Broadway will follow the evolution of this complex
                                                              industry and provide attendees with an insider's
                                                              perspective of contemporary Broadway . During the
                                                              day, you'll gain access to legendary theatres and
                                                              rehearsal studios and hear from leading Broadway
                                                              experts - from the directors and producers to the
                                                              cast and crew of award-winning plays and
                                                              musicals. more

                                               Inside Look: Boston Symphony Orchestra - Experience a
                                               Classical Music Lover's Dream Weekend
                                                              CEO members , spouses, and adult children are
                                                              invited to an exclusive and magnificent CEO-only
                                                              musical experience at Tanglewood , the Boston
                                                              Symphony Orchestra's (BSO) summer retreat,
                                                              from 1 -3 August 2008 . Hosted by CEOer Jim
                                                              Bildner, who has a long and dose association with
                                                              the BSO , the Inside Look : Boston Symphony
                                                              Orchestra will immerse you in a community of
                                                              world-class conductors , acclaimed soloists, and
                                                              renowned musicians , including the celebrated
                                                              soprano Renee Fleming , cellist Yo-Yo Ma, and
                                                              violinist Joshua Bell. More

                                               Latvia Seminar - Make a Difference in the Lives of Youngsters
                                                              Join Co-Chairs Eva Christensson and Tam Martin
                                                              from 23-28 September 2008 for a special visit to
                                                              Livslust-Dzivescrieks School , an outreach program
                                                              in Latvia that provides a safe environment where
                                                              at-risk boys and girls from orphanages , institutions,
                                                              and dysfunctional or poor families can heal scars,
                                                              build self-confidence , and acquire skills so they
                                                              can support themselves when they graduate. For
                                                              two enriching days , you will interact with students
                                                              by taking part in activities such as handicrafts and
                                                              music and sharing your experiences and
                                                              knowledge of life and culture in your own country.
                                                              more

                                               European Area Conference - Register Now

                                                             Connect with CEO friends for an exceptional
                                                             experience at the most famous spa in Germany
                                                             from 3-6 October 2008 . Join Chairs Horst and
                                                             Marlis Weitzmann in Baden -Baden , Germany, for
                                                             three days of extraordinary social and fun
                                                             activities , including : concert and opera
                                                             performances at the Baden-Baden Festival Hall,
                                                             Europe 's second largest opera and concert hall
                                                             featuring spectacular musical performances and



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0011180
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ceonews                                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                                                                                           top international artists ; a visit to the world famous
                                                                                           Museum Frieder Burda , which specializes in
                                                                                           modem and contemporary art; and a day in the
                                                                                           wine country. more



                                                                       Turkey's Jak Kornfilt Brings Arts and Sciences to CEO
                                                                                           CEOer JakKomflt recently joined the organization
                                                                                                             ,
                                                                                           and represents a rare combination of the arts and
                                                                                           sciences . In the world of academia, Jak serves as
                                                                                           assistant professor of physics at Boshporus
                                                                                           University in Istanbul , Turkey. He also has strong
                                                                                           family ties in music and a substantial archive of
                                                                                           musical works as an accomplished pianist.

                                                                                           Before his academic career, Jak served as chief
                                                                                           executive officer in his family company, Korpap
                                                                                           AS., In Istanbul, an organization that specializes in
                                                                                           pulp and paper trading.more

                Add infoAceo .ora, ceonewslfi?ceo.ora , and ceoheadguarters(a ceo.oro to your list of allowed senders , to ensure that a-malls you receive from
                CEO are not blocked by SPAM filters.

                Forgot your Username or Password ? Contact Senior Software Development Manager William Kalata.

                                                           CHIEF EXECUTIVES ORGANIZATION
                                            7920 Norfolk Avenue, Suite 400, Bethesda Maryland 20814-2507 USA
                                                  T : 1.301.656.9220 F : 1.301.656.9221 E : infoOceo.org
                                                                       www.ceo.orq
                                                                   Unsubscribe from this mailing list




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0011181
