Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
                 Sent:     Thursday, January 31, 2008 2:38 PM
                 To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Cc:       Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Wasilla Area Capital Project




               From: Anderson Enterprises [mailto:aei@mtaonline.net]
               Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2008 2:35 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc: Kim, Anna C (GOV); Mary P Anderson
               Subject: Wasilla Area Capital Project

               Honorable Governor Palin,

               We are writing to thank you for your help with the Alaska Meth Education Project last year, and to request an
               appointment with you to discuss a proposal we are working on for moving the Nugen's Ranch facility to a new
               location on Point MacKenzie. We are mailing you a copy of this proposal.

               I am sure you are aware that the efforts last year to begin a Meth Education Project were quite successful. We
               used your PSA's to launch a TV and radio campaign that also included two locally produced TV commercials. We
               were also successful in getting some state funds appropriated to the Boys and Girls Clubs that is being used for
               meth education. Also Senator Murkowski recently announced a $400,000 federal appropriation for the project
               Plans are currently being developed for the continued education efforts. Thanks for helping get this important
               effort started.

               Mary and I have been working with Nugen's Ranch for three years to help find funds to resolve the issue that their
               current farm facility, as you are well aware of, is located in the middle of a rapidly growing commercial and
               residential area, which causes complaints concerning the livestock raising and the nearby alcohol sales
               establishments. The facility is also quite old and in need of serious improvements.

               We have been working with Congressman Young on this issue and last year he was successful in providing
               $150,000 which is the first phase of the requested federal share. We also begin meeting with the Alaska Funders
               Group (Rasmuson, Mental Health, USDA, and the Denali Commission) to assist with this project. They have
               approved us working with the Foraker Group to update the facility plans and our business plan so we can make
               this new facility happen.

               We will be in Juneau on Monday February 11 and a half day on the 12th, and would like to schedule an
               appointment with you and your staff to discuss the project We have some appointments with legislators but can
               certainly move things around to accommodate your schedule. Who may we contact to set up an
               appointment? You can reach us at 745-3323, 232-3328 or 232-7332.

               Thanks and we look forward to seeing you.

               Tim and Mary Anderson
               Wasilla, Alaska




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0011176
