Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, February 01, 2008 3:16 PM
             To:                      just_c"olf@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 3:27 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Ms . Ms. Olga Moonwhisper

             address : PO Box 90373 Anchorage AK 99509




             MESSAGE:

             As a supporter of Defenders of Wildlife and someone who cares about

             sound wildlife management ,       I strongly urge you to withdraw your

             support for the use of aircraft to hunt and kill Alaska's wolves and

             bears.



            Alaska is well known for its amazing wildlife and stunning natural

            beauty. It is appalling that your office and others in the state

             government continue to sanction the brutal aerial hunting of the

             state's majestic wolves and bears in nearly 60,000 square miles of the

             state.



            As I am sure you are aware, aerial hunting was outlawed by the federal

             government in 1972. Yet Alaska officials continue to skirt the law and
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0011192
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            permit aerial hunting , claiming that this terrible practice is

            necessary for wildlife management   -- an assertion that is not

             supported by available data on wildlife population numbers.



            This unwarranted program often leads to inhumane deaths , with hunters

             in low-flying aircraft shooting down wolves or chasing them to

            exhaustion , and landing and killing the animal at close range .     In some

            cases, wounded wolves escape , only to experience a slow , painful

            death.



            This program is an embarrassment to the State of Alaska. Alaska's

            voters have twice rejected the use of aircraft by private hunters to

            kill wolves. It's past time that state officials listen to Alaska's

            citizens and put an end to this brutal and unnecessary program.



            Thank you for considering my comments.




            just_cry_wolf@yahoo.com




                                                          2
