Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, February 01, 2008 2:42 PM
             To:                      mujicacr@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 2:52 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from: Ms. Laura Mujica

             address :   1712 W.llth Ave Anchorage AK 99501




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Gov.Palin:



            My husband and I are writing to you to express are strong opposition to HB 256 we do not
            agree with this bill or the current Alaska Predator Control Program killing wolves, bears,
            and potentially wolverines by utilizing aircraft. ALL objective and unbiased Alaskan and
            National US scientists/wildlife biologists that have reviewed the program have found it to
            be biologically unsound and ill concieved, including the American Society of Mammologists
            & US National Science Foundation. Short-term monetary profits for some guide services and
            the wants of Alaskan urban/ out of state of trophy and sport hunters should not take
            precedence over long term sound, science based ecological management of our wildlife
            resources. This program will not put more meat on the table of Alaskan subsistence hunters
            on a perminent basis; in fact it may cause an over all drop in.moose/ caribou populations
            long term.  We will not vote for you for any position now or in the future and will advise
            our friends/acqua

            intances to do the same if you continue to support or strengthen the current despicable
            Alaska Predator Control Program.



            Sincerely



                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_ 0011194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dr. Laura & Joseph Mujica-Crapanzano




             mujicacr@yahoo.com




                                                             2
