Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                     Friday, February 01, 2008 10:28 AM
              To:                       Wayne Anthony Ross
              Subject:                  Re: Info


              He's a lobbyist who isn't agreeing with our efforts to make the ferry system more
              efficient and less costly. He represents the marine folks. He also didn't think we went
              far enough in implementing the voter-mandated cruise ship tax and Ocean Ranger program.
              I'm glad you told me who the source was - he doesn't like some in my admin so it puts the
              criticism in context.



             We always have room for improvement though, so thanks for passing along the complaint.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>



             Date: Fri, 01 Feb 2008 10:26:23

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: RE: Info




             Hi!      The call came from Attorney Joe Geldhof in Juneau. He's a former

             Assistant Attorney General.           His phone # is 907-586-8193. I met him many

             years ago when he drafted an Attorney General's opinion indicating there was

             no individual right to keep and bear arms. Later he called and apologized

             saying that he was wrong in that opinion. Since then I've been impressed

             with my dealings with him. I believe him to be very reliable. Hope that

             helps.      My best, WAR



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2008 7:28 PM

             To: Wayne Anthony Ross

             Subject: Re: Info



                                                                      1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0011226
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Thanks Wayne . I do need to know who this person is so I can narrow in on his

              concerns. I'm putting in 18-20 hour days - trying to find even more hours

              available to meet with folks , but need to know specifics on his complaint so

              I can address it . Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From : Wayne Anthony Ross < waralaska @alaska.com>



              Date : Thu, 31 Jan 2008 09:53:38

              To:"Palin, Sarah " cgov . sarahoyahoo.com>

              Subject: Info




              Hi!   Just for your info... I got a call yesterday from an attorney friend in

              Juneau who is a big supporter of yours .      Says you are doing a good job and

             are well liked .     He compared you to Hammond or Egan with regard to political

              skookumness.    His only concern was that you were becoming isolated from your

              supporters .   He says your staff is keeping your friends away and that he,

             and others he did not mention, no longer hear from you and are unable to get

             through .   He also was concerned about what he referred to as your reliance

             on your commissioners .      He says his impression is that you aren ' t managing

              (or paying enough attention) to what is happening in the various..departments

             that your commissioners are overseeing .       I asked for an example and he

             mentioned the DOT, saying that it is going through "meltdown". I didn't ask

             for more particulars but if you will recall I sent you a bunch of

             information about the problems at DOT a number of months ago when I sent you

             info on Mary Caterinichilo's problems there.           My contact did not know that I

             had done so nor did he know about Mary's problem, but apparently some of the

             problems I mentioned then about that department are becoming even more

             apparent to outsiders .      His comment was that some / many of the commishs are

             simply coasting, waiting for when they can retire.           Again what is

             interesting is that at the time I initially sent you the DOT info,

                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0011227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Caterinichio made specific reference to the Commish of DOT being in that

              category.      Mary complained that he didn't want to make waves so close to

              retirement ,    if I recall.



              Just thought you'd like to have this info.



              My best, WAR



              By the way, your lady was quite prompt in getting back to our son, Greg, on

              the possibility of your speaking to the National Honor Society .           Thanks.

              After I sent you that request ,    I realized that it might appear that Greg was

              a member of the NHS .     In fact , Greg is a Social Studies teacher at Mears

              Junior High and he is in charge of that program.




                                                               3
