Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Friday, February 01 , 2008 11:11 AM
              To:                     Wheeler; Gary R (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Tonight's events


              We wanted to make sure West High wasn't preparing for me - they get disappointed if I do
              show and it's just supposed to be a drop -by. Don't know if that got communicated , but it's
              what Janice did work on. (That's the problem with inquiring about details of events- folks
              then think I'm showing up.). Maybe Janice can add to this.



             Also, if I am able to swing by I doubt it'll be a party of four so don't want them to
             reserve seats unnecessarily. Thanks

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: "Wheeler, Gary R (GOV)" <gary.wheelerealaska.gov>



             Date : Fri, 01 Feb 2008 11:00:54

             To:gov . sarah®yahoo.com

             Subject: Tonight's events




             Governor,



             Jus trying to hep you here...at your 6:00 pm event at the Egan please just pull up to the
             front of the building, Bob has arranged for parking and will grab the vehicle.



             Officials at West High expect full capacity, 1900 people. The event will last about 1
             hour and they have reserved 4 seats for you and guests. if you suspect you need more
             seats , please let me know so we can arrange . Bob again will assist with the car.



             On Monday I will take the suburban in to DOT for repairs to the door.



             Ring me if you need anything.

             Gary




                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011224
