Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, February 01, 2008 8:28 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Prez convention


             Just fyi for now on sched: convention

             Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Debbie Joslin" <joslin@wildak.net>



             Date: Fri, 1 Feb 2008 07:09:26

             To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: RE:




             Friday, March 14 at Captain Cook Hotel in Anchorage. I will get you the

             specific time but I believe it to be around 9-10 am.

             Debbie



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Thursday, January 31, 2008 10:57 PM

             To: Debbie Joslin

             Subject: Re:



             When and where is it?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Debbie Joslin" <joslin@wildak.net>



            Date :   Thu, 31 Jan 2008 22:37:03


                                                                     1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To:"Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Subject:




             Hi

             Cathy Giessel told me they (she and the rest of us except Randy probably)

             would like you to come open the convention and also talk at the Friday

             evening dinner. I met today with Joe Miller and Ralph Seekins.        We were

             thinking it would be nice if you could open the convention and give a

              (little or big) hint that Randy needs to go. We are planning to vote to

             suspend the rules and vote him out. Cathy G. would make a great chairman and

             would be willing. It would really add a lot of momentum if you would give a

             hint in your opening speech. The pieces are in place now to be rid of him.

             We were always missing someone willing to take his place and in Cathy we

             have that. I hear Randy is afraid of the Ron Paul people who will likely be

             there in great numbers and they do not like Randy. With them to swell our

             ranks, the numbers look to be there. Ralph Seekins will be running for

             National Committeeman against Glen Clary, Randy's puppet. If Randy stays as

             the Chair,, the party will continue to deteriorate.




             Debbie   Joslin




                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011247
