Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From:    Nizich , Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICHj
                  Sent:     Friday, February 01 , 2008 6:26 PM
                 To:       gov .sarah@yahoo.com
                  Subject: FW: Board of Game Appointments

               In case my previous attempt to send you this message did not get to you.


               From : Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
               Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 6:19 PM
               To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)
               Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: RE: Board of Game Appointments

               Before sending messages to the Gov it would be a good idea to get a hold of Mike or me . Mike and I have been in
               meetings the entire day. I did get your message when I came out of the meetings . privileged or Personal Materia
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                                        I


               For folks to suggest that the Governor is racist or not supportive of rural Alaska is far from accurate. Look at her
               familyl The Governor made decisions to put the best people that we could find on a variety of boards including the
               BOG. We have every confidence that these people will work for all Alaskans. Additionally, there are two more
               vacancies on the BOG that will occur in 12 months, so maybe we can solicit for names and get a few solid
               candidates from the native community for the Governor to consider in the future.

               I am sorry you feel the position you are in is bogus, I don't see it that way. I have been attempting through our
               discussions to give you the lay of the land on how things work best for the office and the most affective way to
               convey information to the Governor that is the most useful to her. So for you to conclude what you have about
               the job your in is a bit premature at best.

                I hope we will continue to work for the best results for this office and to support the Governor the best we can.

               Mike

               From : McBride, Rhonda (GOV)
               Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 5:25 PM
               To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: Board of Game Appointmetns

               Please . I would like to have some one respond to me about the Board of Game appointments.

               This is a test to me of whether this job of Rural Advisor is truly a position - or bogus.
               It appears to me that it is bogus , since I was not consulted in a decision of huge magnitude to
               Alaska Natives.

               This decision will cause the governor a huge amount of ill will - especially with AGIA hanging
               in the balance.

               Rural lawmakers were very helpful to her last year , but these appointments will be bitterly
               contested.



               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0011259
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                              I certainly could have helped find
               some. Or was this a done deal to begin w 7

               I am disappointed that I was not consulted . And find it unacceptable that I was left out of a
               decision of this magnitude.

               Subsistence is the heart of Rural Alaska. Nothing could be more important. Nothing will
               cause more trouble than these appointments.




               Rhonda McBride
               Rural Affairs Advisor
               Office of the Governor
               Atwood Building , Suite 1700
               550 West 7th Avenue
               Anchorage , Alaska 99501
               Tel: (907) 269-7451
               E-Mail: Rhonda. McBride0alaska.gov




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_ 0011260
