Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                     Saturday, February 02, 2008 6:23 PM
             To:                       Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
             Cc:                       Rehfeld ; Karen J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                  Re: Lunch with Veterans Service Organization Representatives on Monday

             Thanks very much Randy.

             Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Ruaro,    Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



             Date : Sat, 02 Feb 2008 15:19:34

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)"
             <mike . nizich@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Lunch with Veterans Service Organization Representatives on Monday




             Governor:



             It appears the veterans service organizations (VSO)'s have 5 legislative issues. They may
             want to talk about these on Monday during the lunch at the Mansion:




             * Increase the state service officers grant funding by thirty thousand dollars. Costs for
             VSO reps to travel to rural areas has increased. (I believe our budget funds the grant at
             $621,000.  The VSO's want it increased to $651,000) The state service officers work with
             veterans to make sure their rights to VA benefits are explained and assist them in filing
             the paperwork for VA benefits. They made 120 trips to over 40 Alaska communities and
             rural areas last year.

            * Increase Disabled Veterans Property Tax Exemption.  Since 1985, state law has mandated a
            property tax exemption for $150,000 for disabled vets. The VSO's want state law to be
            changed to increase the exemption to $250,000. Senator McGuire and Rep. Neuman have
            introduced legislation that would make this change.  Neither bill has had any hearings
            since February, 2007.

            * Community Based Clinic in Southeast.   There are nearly 7,000 vets in southeast Alaska
            but no outpatient clinic. The VSO's support legislation or a resolution urging the VA to
            place an outpatient clinic in Southeast.

            * Veterans Cemetery in Fairbanks.            The VSO's support construction and maintenance of a
            veterans cemetery in Fairbanks.

                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0011279
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              * Support an Amendment to US Constitution to Protect the Flag. If an amendment to protect
              the flag ever passes Congress , VSO's want Alaska to be the first state to ratify it.




              On a side note, a proclamation was issued in January proclaiming February, 2008, as the
              "40th anniversary of the Tet Offensive in the Vietnam War" and remembering the courage
              shown by veterans in fighting off the attack. We have several framed proclamations to
              give to them. ( Most of the persons at the lunch are veterans of the Vietnam war).



             Randy




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011280
