Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Saturday, February 02, 2008 6:28 PM
             To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
             Subject:                 Re: Letter to the Editor ADN


             Wow- excellent - and encouraging ! Thanks for building bridges with him.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Sat, 02 Feb 2008 14:00:56

             To:gov.sarah@yyahoo.com

             Subject :   FW: Letter to the Editor ADN




             Below is Mayor Combs' letter in the ADN today and an email he sent today .                 He says, "I
             meant every word."

             One mayor ' s view of presentation by Palin isn't shared by all

             Regarding the article published Jan. 23 , " Municipal leaders seek more attention ," I would
             like to go on record that not all mayors share the views of Mayor Joe Williams of
             Ketchikan Gateway Borough or the current president of the Alaska Municipal League, Tim
             Beck.

             I found the governor ' s presentation to be meaningful and concise , addressing the top two
             priorities of the league : PERS / TRS and state revenue sharing to municipalities . Gov. Sarah
             Palin ' s budget has increased the amount of municipal sharing by 50 percent and it appears
             we will finally reach an acceptable formula for PERS / TRS this session.

             I am thankful for the hard work the governor is doing on our behalf and would much rather
             receive 20 minutes of genuine and factual information than hours of mindless rhetoric we
             have experienced in previous administrations.

             -- John C. Combs, mayor

             Palmer




             ----------------




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011277
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: John Combs [mailto:jcombs@mtaonline.net]

               Sent: Saturday, February 02, 2008 1:05 PM

               To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

               Subject: Letter to the Editor ADN



             Dear Ivy,

               First of all, thank you so much for your assistance and information during my visits to
             Juneau. I believe that our spirit goes on and I can't help thinking how proud your father
             must be of you. You are a tremendous role model for young women everywhere.



               I did manage to get my letter to the Anchorage Daily News, published February 2nd. I
             have been receiving phone calls on this end telling me I was spot on with my comments. I
             meant every word and I hope the Governor truly realizes my dedication to her work.



               You know you can call on me any time and I will be there for you.



             Warmest regards,



             John Combs




                                                             2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0011278
