Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From:     Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
                 Sent:     Friday, February 01, 2008 6:25 PM
                 To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Subject: use of the Governor's house

               Governor,

               House resources are provided for both the personal and official use of the First Family. You
               may host or approve any breakfast, lunch, dinner, tea, reception, or event to be held at the House
               and at state expense for all but a few exceptions. If you or the First Gentleman are not available
               to host an event either of you have approved, another state official, i.e., the Lt. Governor,
               departmental commissioner, or other state official may host on your behalf.

               The following are the historical exceptions to state paid events:

               When a political group has requested an event at the House, the group reimburses or pays
               directly for any costs associated with the event. (One thing to note is that you would need to
               approve similar event requests from all political parties. For instance you could not approve
               requests made by Republican groups and deny request from a Democratic group). This does
               NOT preclude you from inviting members of one particular political group to the House at state
               expense. For example, hosting the CCRW for tea, or lunch or inviting a particular legislative
               caucus for dinner. The distinction is when a partisan political group requests to use the House
               for their event or purpose. If the request is approved, the state is reimbursed any costs.

               Another exception is when an organization, political or otherwise, uses the House for fund-
               raising purposes, i.e., the Friends of the Mansion Foundation fundraising receptions and events.

               The last exception is use of the House or House resources for purely personal reasons unrelated
               to the First Family living there. An example of personal use would be a wedding at the House.
               There have been a few occasions where a wedding has taken place at the House but always at
               the expense of the bride and groom.

               Historically all events at the House are approved by the Governor or First Spouse. That
               prevents the House from being used or perceived as being available as a free venue for
               organizations or special events.

               I hope this helps clarify things.

              Mike Nizich




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0011265
