Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown
                 From :      Galvin , Patrick S (DOR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=PSGALVI N 1 ]
                 Sent:       Sunday, February 03, 2008 9:42 AM
                 To:         'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: New Blog from our Fairbanks friends

               Fyi,

               How about a meeting at a favorite ice fishing hole? You and Todd can pop in on your
               snow machines in your Carhartts? That way they can continue to feel like real
               Alaskans.: )

               Good luck with your visit with these guys. They seem intent on putting us in a bad
               light. Don't know the secret to getting them to give us the benefit of the doubt.. .Just
               be yourself and it will work out. We have the benefit of the truth on our side.

               -Pat




                u Right-click here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy , Outlook prevented automatic download of this picture from the Inu
                x
                      Fairbanks Daily News-Miner




               Gov. Murkowski stopped by
               By Kelly Bostian

               Published Thursday, January 31, 2008

                  · E-mail entry
                  · ReQmme^l dihis entry
                           r

               Former Gov. Frank Murkowski stopped by the office for a chat on Wednesday.

               He wanted to set the record straight on an AP story that was printed in the paper that day. But it strikes
               me that, post-election, he's been to the News-Miner office at least three times. Twice more than current
               Gov. Sarah Palin.

               Gov. Sarah is booked for a visit in a few days, though, so the tally will soon be tied at two each -
               although one of these people is no longer in public office and managed to squeeze in a trip around the
               world between visits.

               As he walked through the front door in his wide-brimmed hat, and wearing a red flannel shirt under a
               blazer, I couldn't help thinking about the first time I met Mr. Murkowski face-to-face.




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI 0011293
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                I'd been in the state only a couple of years and a friend and I had navigated a bargain -basement
                riverboat loaded with decoys and a couple of rambunctious young Labradors out to a prime - looking
                duck hunting hole on Minto Flats.

               Not long after we settled in, we saw a beautiful Grumman Widgeon land on a nearby lake. That
               afternoon a couple of older gentlemen came paddling an old canoe over to our camp . We shared some
               camp coffee and small talk about ducks we've shot and dogs we've known and they went on their way.
               We didn't share names.

               "Nice old guys," my buddy said. He didn't know who they were.

               I told him the one guy was U .S. Senator Frank Murkowski and the other was a pioneer Alaska aviator
               named Richard Wien - although i think I stumbled over Mr. Wien's name at the time. "That was their
               Widgeon," I said.

               We agreed that we had moved to a pretty cool state if one of the first people you meet out duck hunting
               in the marsh is your U.S. senator. But, mostly, I remember my buddy got a big smile on his face and
               saying something like, "We must be in a good spot! Them old farts were over here checking us out!"

               We had our disagreements with the Murkowski administration over the years, but Frank Murkowski has
               always known the value of face-to-face meetings - and he knows the good spots to have them.

               I hope Gov. Palin picks up this skill while she' s in office.




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI 0011294
