Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov. sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, February 03, 2008 12:35 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Cabinet meeting


             Mtg agenda will be the usual w / focus on budget - Denali Commission presentation . So conf-
             ing in works just fine . Thanks!



             And this morning ' s ADN story ... shhhheeeeesh , what a tangled web.



             The more I hear , the more I recall when I worked amongst them ( Randy especially ) at AOGCC,
             the more things fit together and lead to where we are today : we're trying to run an
             ethical , trustworthy ship ... we have hugely vocal naysayers who are blind ... But we're
             made out to be naive, we have people on board whom I still don ' t know well enough to
             trust ...  Arggghh . It's exciting ! And clear to me how the process evolved and caught up
             with the state in regards to failed progress on gasline ... And it's clear to me things
             will be revealed and made whole again in due time.

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: " PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date : Sun, 03 Feb 2008 09:42:12

             To:gov . sarah©yahoo.com

             Subject : Cabinet meeting




            I just noticed the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday . Do you have a specific topic we're going to
            cover or is it a general catch up meeting?



            At this juncture I had planned to be back in Juneau on Wednesday so thought I would attend
            the Cabinet meeting from ANC conference room ( unless you want me there in person for
            something specific ). Just let me know. Thanks.



            Sean




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011289
