Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
            Sent:                   Saturday, February 02, 2008 3:39 PM
            To:                     govpalin @alaska.gov
            Subject:                FW: Email


            Wow - Thought you might want to read this one. Janice



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 11:41 AM

            To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject: FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 10:53 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Denny Hartford

           address: 6019 N 105th ST Omaha NE 68134

             4023418886



           MESSAGE:

           I thought you might be interested in this piece , a reminder that remain genuine
           conservatives in the Republican Party.



           Denny Hartford

           Omaha, NE




           Forget McCain & Romney; Why Not Sarah Palin for President?
                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011284
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            After all, what's not to like about the talented,     smart and efficient woman governor of
            Alaska?



            That's what Alaskan voters of both parties conclude anyhow -- Sarah Palin, the youngest
            and the first female governor of the state, has been given approval ratings as high as
            93%. Wow.



            Those kind of numbers show Palin as not only the most popular governor in the nation but,
            almost certainly , one of the most popular politicians around.



            Palin's high esteem comes from her eloquence , her energy and the fact that she brought
            character and integrity into what had been a torrid storm of political corruption in
            Alaska. Also, her support for government reform and the introduction of much-needed gas
            pipeline legislation have been winning the governor enthusiastic applause.



           Governor Palin has a bachelor ' s degree in journalism from the University of Idaho but,
           thank goodness , she lives her life with much more common sense than most in that
           profession . Palin is the wife of a commercial fisherman and the mother of four children,
           the eldest of which joined the U.S. Army last fall . Palin is also a former beauty queen,
           cheerleader , musician , mayor, and was a point guard for the Wasilla High School Warriors
           when they won the state basketball championship in 1982.



           And, oh yes, Sarah Palin is a lifetime member of the National Rifle Association and a
           strong defender of the sanctity of human life.



           So, since John McCain and Mitt Romney have ended up as the choices produced by the primary
           system but both of these fellows are displeasing , perhaps even unacceptable , to many in
           the G.O.P ., is it all that remarkable to look elsewhere ? In the direction of Senator Tom
           Coburn? Senator Jon Kyl? Senator Sam Brownback ? Senator Jim DeMint ? Congressman Chris
           Smith? Congressman Mike Pence? Congressman Jeff Flake?



           Or yes , Governor Sarah Palin?



           One doesn ' t have to pay for wishes.



           http://vitalsignsblog.blogspot. com/2008 /02/forget- mccain-romney -why-not-sarah.html




           vitalsigns@vitalsignsministries.org




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0011285
