Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 7


                 Unknown
                 From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:        Monday, February 04, 2008 9:52 AM
                 To:          Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject:     FW Super Tuesday
                 Importance: High




                From: James & Mary George [mailto:jhmg@gci.net]
                Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 9:44 AM
                To: Undisclosed-Recipient:;
                Subject: Fw: Super Tuesday
                Importance: High


                ---- Original Message ----
                Importance: High

                Dear Family and Friends,

                As you know, Super Tuesday is right around the corner and I would be remiss if I didn't take this
                opportunity to not only remind you to vote, but to let you know who I am supporting in this
                election (in case you hadn't already heard). Back in the early summer, both Scott and I made our
                choice to support Mike Huckabee for the Republican nomination on the Presidential ticket. And
                I want to take a moment and tell you our reasoning behind our decision. When we first heard
                Mike speak, he was the "no name" in the race. When I told people who I was going to vote for,
                their response was "who?". But that didn't matter to us. We didn't decide which candidate to
                support based on who "can beat" Obama or Clinton. We went with our convictions. For at the
                end of the day, I refuse to cast my ballot solely on the basis of who I think will win. We are
                called as Christians to vote for that person that aligns with our beliefs. Now, don't get me wrong.
                They have to be qualified. They have to have a good track record. They have to know what they
                are doing. But their character, their love for our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, weighs heavily in
                our decision making process.

                So, here are a few things you need to know about Huckabee. You of course can visit his website
                at www.mikehucakabee.com, however if you don't have the time to do that, I wanted to make
                sure you are knowledgeable on his platform and stance on pertinent issues.


                    . Huckabee is the candidate with the most executive political experience, having been
                      Governor of Arkansas for 10 1 /2 years.

                    . He is a true fiscal conservative. Having been left with a $ 200,0Q0,000 deficit in Arkansas'
                      budget, he turned it around to a $850 ,000,000 surplus at the end of his term.

                     He is a strong supporter of the Fair Tax.

                     He supports Americans For Tax Relief. He has also signed a "no-new taxes" pledge.



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01 0011295
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 7


                     He is the ONLY candidate endorsed by the Georgia Right to Life PAC (political action
                      committee). In fact, he spent his political capital fighting for the sanctity of life.

                     2nd Amendment - He is the highest rated candidate with the NRA, is a lifelong hunter and a true
                       defender of this Amendment.

                      He is the first of ALL candidates in this election to sign the :No Amnesty" Pledge. Please see
                       below for a press release on this important issue:
                 On January 16th, Governor Mike Huckabee became the first presidential candidate to sign Americans
                 for Better Immigration's "No-Amnesty " Pledge.
                Roy Beck, President of Americans for Better Immigration had this to say regarding Governor
                Huckabee's Pledge: "Every candidate claims to oppose amnesty, but few define amnesty the way most
                Americans do. I applaud Gov. Huckabee for defining amnesty correctly, and for pledging to fully
                enforce laws that would take away the jobs and benefits magnets that draw illegal aliens here -
                and that keep them here. "What a contrast to Sen . McCain, Sen. Clinton and Sen. Obama, for
                example, who say they reject amnesty and then , in almost the same breath , say that most illegal
                aliens will have to be allowed to stay permanently . All three have repeatedly voted for amnesty. In
                the past week, Sen. McCain and Mayor Giuliani have clarified on national TV that they intend for
                most illegal aliens to be granted the very things they broke immigration laws to steal : an American
                job and U.S. residency ". Governor Huckabee understands his pledge to mean that:

                1. The 12 million illegal aliens now here will have to go home.
                2. They will not get any legal status while here that allows them to remain long-term.
                3. Once in their home countries, they may apply for re-admittance to the U.S. as immigrants, visitors or
                temporary workers through normal channels. However, they will not receive any special privileges on
                the basis of their having been in the U.S. illegally, such as being put to the front of a line.
                4. There will be no new categories or programs through which they may re-enter.
                5. There will not be an expansion of green cards in any existing categories that will speed up their
                movement to the front of the line.

                 Some additional tidbits about Mike:

                     Mike spent a significant part of his adult life as a pastor.

                     He became the youngest president ever of the Arkansas Baptist State Convention.

                     Author of five books, including "Quit Digging Your Grave With a Knife and Fork" about his
                      battle with obesity and how he managed to lose 105 pounds through diet and exercise.

                     Married to Janet and has three children.

                Now, some of you might be wondering how Huckabee stands up to the other candidates in the
                race. Since that is an important question and one you need to be knowledgeable in, I have
                researched each candidate 's platform and how they agree and disagree on issues . Please see
                below:

                ABORTION

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee supports a constitutional amendment to protect life from the time of conception. He praised
                the Supreme Court ruling upholding a ban                   on partial birth abortion. The governor also


                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0011296
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 7


                opposes embryonic stem cell funding, saying it amounts to creating a life only then to take it
                             away.

                McCain:
                McCain believes Roe vs.. Wade should be overturned, and that the abortion question should be left to
                the individual states to legislate.

                Romney:
                Romney says Roe vs.. Wade should be overturned. He believes decisions on abortion are best left to the
                states and that "a single federal rule" is wrong. In the past, he broadly supported abortion rights and
                Roe vs. Wade. He has since changed his position regarding the role of government in such matters.

                ENERGY/ENVIRONMENT

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee wants to conserve and use alternative energy like nuclear, wind, solar, hydrogen, clean. coal,
                bio-diesel, and biomass. He plans to set                   aside a federal research and development
                budget that will be matched by the private sector to research alternative fuels. He says energy
                               independence will make the U.S. safer. He supports offshore drilling and oil exploration
                in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.

                McCain:
                McCain wants to see more investment in alternative-energy sources such as nuclear power, ethanol, fuel
                cells, bio-diesel, and natural gas. He                  believes ethanol will play a big part in energy
                independence.McCain is the chief co-sponsor of a bill that sets mandatory caps on greenhouse
                           emissions. His plan would allow companies to trade excess carbon emission capacity, and
                would require emissions to return to 2004 levels by                    2012 and to 1990 levels by
                2020.

                Romney:
                Romney proposes using a combination of conservation and efficiency measures to make the U.S. energy
                independent. He supports greater public investment in the development of alternative sources of energy
                like bio-diesel, ethanol, nuclear and coal gasification. He supports drilling for oil in Alaska's Arctic
                National Wildlife Refuge and on the Outer Continental Shelf. He opposes carbon taxes.

                IMMIGRATION

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee became the first presidential candidate to sign Americans for Better Immigration's "No-
                Amnesty" Pledge (see above. for details). He wants to secure and police the border and supports erecting
                an electric or physical barrier along the U.S.-Mexico border.

                McCain:
                He wants to develop a guest worker program that allows illegal immigrants to earn legitimate status.
                McCain sponsored the 2006 comprehensive                        immigration reform bill. Had it passed, it
                would have allowed some illegal immigrants already in the U.S. to work and apply to become
                                 legal residents after learning English, paying fines and back taxes, and clearing a
                background check. McCain wants a comprehensive immigration                          reform bill that would
                improve border surveillance and enforcement, strengthen penalties against those who hire illegal
                immigrants, and stop                          document fraud.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0011297
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 7


                 Romney:
                 Romney opposed the McCain-Kennedy immigration bill of 2006, saying it would have opened a door to
                 a vast number of immigrants and allow                      "amnesty" for illegals. Romney says the U. S.
                 must become more attractive for legal immigrants, and champions greater use of H I B visas to bring
                              in skilled workers. He promotes harsher penalties for employers who knowingly hire illegal
                 immigrants and wants to create an employment                           verification system that uses high-
                 tech identification cards. He supports building a fence on the U.S.-Mexico border.

                 IRAQ

                 Huckabee:
                 Huckabee supported Bush's troop surge in Iraq. He believes that going into Iraq with too few troops was
                 a mistake, and opposes Democratic                       efforts to set a deadline for withdrawal.
                 Huckabee says the U.S. must finish the job now or go back and do it all over again someday.
                 He                         proposes a Middle East summit so that Iraq's neighbors become militarily
                 and financially committed to stabilizing their neighborhood.

                McCain:
                McCain thinks Bush's strategy in Iraq can succeed, and that if the U.S. fails to stabilize Iraq now, the
                threat of terrorism against American interests will grow. McCain has strongly criticized Democrats who
                support a troop withdrawal timeline, but has also criticized the administration for mishandling the
                war.

                Romney:
                Romney has criticized the Bush administration for committing errors in Iraq, but supports the current
                troop surge strategy. He opposes an early                  withdrawal from Iraq, and has described
                Democratic attempts to set a deadline for withdrawal as "setting a date for surrender." He believes a'
                                  quick withdrawal from Iraq, before the country has been stabilized, could trigger a
                larger regional conflict.

                TAXES

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee is a strong supporter of the Fair Tax. He supported the Bush tax cuts and would make them
                permanent. Huckabee would also reduce the tax burden of those with the lowest incomes. He regrets that
                Republicans have all too often perceived as favoring the wealthy with their tax policies. He signed a no-
                new taxes pledge in March of 2007.

                McCain:
                McCain says tax cuts work best in conjunction with lower spending. He blames excessive spending for
                Republican losses in the 2006                                elections. McCain was one of two
                Republican senators to oppose the 2001 tax cuts, arguing that too many of the benefits went to
                                  the most fortunate at the expense of the middle class. He also opposed the 2003
                tax cuts. McCain says he would not raise taxes,                            but that he would not go as far
                as to sign a pledge to that effect . He believes a repeal of the estate tax isn't necessary.

                Romney:
                Romney believes the Bush tax cuts should be made permanent, and that even more tax cuts should be
                offered. He also says he will fight to                      abolish the estate tax. Romney backs a
                savings incentive plan that would allow Americans to earn interest, dividends, and capital gains tax-
                                  free. He would also lower the corporate tax rate. Romney signed the 2008



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0011298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 5 of 7



                presidential candidate " Taxpayer Protection Pledge ,"                             even though he has
                been critical of similar no-tax pledges in the past.

                ECONOMY

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee supports tax rebates and curbing federal spending, to include adopting the line-item veto. He
                is also in favor the FairTax and the                   elimination of the IRS, which he says will
                increase both the likelihood that American companies will invest domestically and that foreign
                companies will invest in America.

                McCain:
                McCain proposes to cut the corporate tax rate from 35% to 25%, which in his opinion is essential to the
                United States competitiveness and would expand the economy and lead to higher wages. He proposes to
                allow the First.Year Deduction of Equipment and Technological Investments and wants to establish a
                permanent tax credit equal to 10% of wages spent on Research and Development.

                Romney:
                Romney proposes simplifying regulations and bureaucratic processes for businesses in addition to tort
                reform, saying that both issues keep                        businesses from seeking out and retaining
                employees. He wants to curb federal spending by establishing a spending limit and by instituting the
                                   line-item veto to cut out unnecessary expenditures. Romney says to avoid a pending
                budget crisis, the federal government must trim down                         entitlement spending.

                HOMELAND SECURITY

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee plans to remove FEMA from the Department of Homeland Security and give the organization
                cabinet status, so that the FEMA                         director will report directly to the president. He
                plans to streamline the Department of Homeland Security, to make it more efficient and
                           effective. He wants to increase chemical plan and port security standards at the federal level,
                but give states the right to make and enforce                        stricter-than-federal port standards.

                McCain:
                McCain plans to strengthen the military, shore up alliances and continue to protect our homeland in any
                crisis that comes our way.

                Romney:
                Romney wants to clarify and streamline relationships with domestic security-related operations to enable
                clearer communication and more decisive action. He wants to increase the size of the U.S. army by
                100,000 troops. Romney wants to shift the focus of homeland security from response to prevention. He
                says effective prevention means that stronger international alliances and integration of federal actions
                with global and local efforts.

                EDUCATION

                Huckabee:
                Huckabee favors strong support of arts and music education as a part of normal, traditional curriculum,
                saying that these aspects of education                     contribute to a future generation of creative
                workers, enabling America to compete more rigorously in a global economy. He supports home
                             schooling, charter schools, and school choice programs. Huckabee wants to curb federal



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0011299
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 6 of 7


                 intervention in state school programs ; with regard to                 NCLB (No Child Left Behind),
                 allowing states to develop their own benchmarks for measuring success.

                 McCain:
                 McCain proposes to pursue reforms addressing underlying cultural problems in our educational system.

                 Romney:
                 Romney is in favor of charter schools and school choice programs. He wants to put more of an emphasis
                 on math and science education. He is                    proposing a federal home schooling tax credit
                 to help reduce education-related expenses of parents who home school. He supports Bush's
                           NCLB (No Child Left Behind) and wants to offer schools with good testing track records
                 more leeway in evaluating student performance.

                 HEALTH CARE

                 Huckabee:
                 Huckabee wants to completely overhaul the health care system, but opposes universal federal healthcare.
                 He wants to adopt policies that encourage innovation in the private sector to bring down costs and
                 subsequently improve free market access to healthcare. He wants to decrease medical liability, make
                 health insurance deductible for individuals, and make health insurance more easily portable from job to
                 job.

                McCain:
                McCain proposes bringing costs under control and allowing individuals to control their health care costs
                and care and providing access to all citizens. In order to do this, he proposes to completely reform the
                nature of the current system. Examples include: competition between providers, states given the
                flexibility with Medicare costs, development of safe routes for cheaper generic versions of prescriptions.
                He also proposes to pass tort reform to eliminate frivolous lawsuits. He would also reform the tax code
                to provide an increase of $2,500 tax credit as an incentive for insurance coverage.

                Romney:
                Romney wants to make all health care expenses tax deductible and divert some funds from emergency
                rooms treating uninsured patients to programs that would help needy uninsured patients to buy private
                insurance . He also favors malpractice tort reform. Romney supports giving states leeway as to how they
                spend their Medicaid funds.

                As you can see, there are some similarities with the candidates and some who have flip-flopped on
                important issues . I hope this has helped in your making a decision as to who to support in the
                Presidential race.

                Now, some housekeeping items:

                Advance Voting Locations (Cobb County): Through tomorrow , Feb. 1st.

                Cobb Elections Main Office
                West Park Government Center
                736 Whitlock Ave., Suite 400, Marietta
                Monday - Friday , 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

                East Cobb Government Service Center
                4400 Lower Roswell Road, Marietta
                Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0011300
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 7 of 7



                  South Cobb Government Service Center
                 4700 Austell Road, Austell
                 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

                 Boots Ward Recreation Center
                 Lost Mountain Park, Dallas Highway, Marietta
                 Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

                 North Cobb Senior Center (at Kennworth Park)
                 4100 Highway 293 (Old 41), Acworth
                 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

                 Huckabee Yard Signs - If you would like one (it's not too late to put one out), I've got some. Just let
                 me know and we can figure out how to get it to you.

                E-Mail Lists - If you find this e-mail helpful, please forward it to your family and friends. In addition,
                if you want to receive updates from Huckabee' s campaign, just visit his website a
                www.mikehuckabee.com and click on Georgians for Huckabee to sign up for the e-mails.

                In closing, there is one more thing I want you to know. I don't send these e-mails to fill up your Inbox. I
                promise you as a mother of two little ones, I can easily fill three hours doing something else
                than researching and sending you these facts. In fact, there is a sink full of dirty dishes and a pile of dirty
                laundry, just calling out my name. :) The reason I do this is because I am passionate about this. Not
                politics. Don't get me wrong. There are things I enjoy about politics. And there are things I hate. What I
                am passionate about is when someone stands out above the rest because of his character, his
                humbleness, his experience and his love for our Lord. And in finding that person, I feel it is my
                responsibility to let others know about him. Many are wondering why I have even taken the time to
                send this, since Huckabee is third in the polls. God is bigger than poll numbers. And if He wants
                Huckabee to win, then he will . If He doesn' t, then he won't. But that doesn't and shouldn 't stop us
                for being obedient and making our voices heard at the polls on Tuesday.

                And if you have actually gotten to the end of this e-mail - thank you for taking time to read it. I know it
                was lengthy, but hopefully worth it. As always, please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any
                questions.

                Blessings,

                Lori

                Roman 8:28 "And we know that God causes all things to work together for good to those who love God,
                to those who are called according to His purpose".




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0011301
