Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 04, 2008 9:51 AM
              To:                      TV777TV@att.net
              Subject :                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Friday, February 01, 2008 4:42 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



             Feb mail from: Mr. Tim Venverloh

             address :    9300 Niles St. Louis MO 63123




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,   I reside in St. Louis, Missouri but I subscribe to Alaska Magazine. Very
             nice article (Jan 08).   We have a.. republican Governor (Blunt-R) who has made many tough
             decisions and did an incredible job (in my opinion) getting Missouri back together again
             with .a balanced budget, etc, etc. Your philosophy and rationale for becoming Governor is
             in many ways similar to his. Anyway, I have not yet been to Alaska but I would love to
             someday soon.   I have even imagined moving there but I must get the older boys into
             college first (3 years). I have spent the last 20 years of my career in the Environmental
             Compliance industry and I am currently the Director of Sustainable Development for a
             chemical company here in St. Louis.



             Did you know that the average annual temperature in Fairbanks, AK is not too different
             from that in St. Louis?



             Having written/given many presentations of my own,            I am wondering what you are looking for
             in a speech writer? Must you live locally?



             Anyway - nice article. Good luck.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011331
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



       i


              TV777TV@att.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011332
