Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
               Sent:                    Monday, February 04, 2008 9:47 AM
               To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject :                FW: Elections




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us Imailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent : Saturday, February 02, 2008 12:31 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections



              Web mail from: Mr. Grant Castro

              address :    1696 Shooting Star Ct. San Ysidro CA 92173




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,



              I am a Republican college student in San Diego , CA and a strong supporter of Mike
              Huckabee ' s presidential campaign . It has come to my attention that you are considering
              endorsing Gov. Huckabee . I hope that you will take a brief moment to read my message.



              As a conservative Republican voter, I decided to support Governor Huckabee when I first
              found out about him back in September 2007. I believe that he is the only remaining
              Republican candidate that conservative Republican voters can trust. He has consistently
              supported the protection of life, traditional marriage and second amendment rights. The
              other candidates have mixed records on these and several issues.



              Gov. Huckabee also supports opening ANWR, which would reduce our dependency on foreign
              oil. McCain has clearly stated that we should not open ANWR.



              I know that there are many Alaskans working hard for Huckabee at the grassroots level and
              I'm sure that they would be thrilled to have your support. There are also several of us
              that would love to have a Huckabee/Palin ticket this November. :)



              I hope that you and Gov. Huckabee will be able to talk sometime soon. :)
                                                                     i




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0011335
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Sincerely,

               Grant Castro

               San Diego, CA



               atn_gohan@hotmail.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011336
