Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 04, 2008 9:12 AM
              To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Elections




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent : Saturday, February 02, 2008 5:49 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Elections



              Web mail from: Mr. Mark Cook

              address :   3668 Lyle Ave North Pole AK 99705

               (907)5903875




              MESSAGE:

              Subject:Mike Huckabee



              Dear Governor Palin



             I am asking for your support for Mike Huckabee by endorsing him for his candidacy for
             President. I myself support former Governor Huckabee for the same reasons I supported you
             in your candidancy for the Governor and as I still continue to support you. He possess the
             same integrity and principles that you have shown in support for prolife, marriage
             amendment, ANWR, fiscal conservatism, 2nd amendment and the list goes on. He is a life
             long and avid hunter, pilot, fisherman and you may well know a marathon runner. He truly
             is in my opinion the best not only to represent our Nation but our own state of Alaska as
             an outdoorsman. I truly trust this man with the same respect that I trust you as a person
             and our Governor. Thank you for you time in your busy schedule to take time to read this
             email.



             Your fellow Alaskan



             Mark D Cook

             Sr.Oil Spill Prevention & Response Specialist

             Alyeska Pipeline Service Company
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011343
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              (907)590-3875



             cookmdealyeska-pipeline.com




                                                         2
