Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, February 04, 2008 8:45 AM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Sunday, February 03, 2008 8:27 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. Warrren Searle

             address: 28 Steelhead Road Fairbanks AK 99708

              907-479-6631




             MESSAGE:

             Recent news stated that you are considering both McCain and Huckabee as your choice for
             President at this time. May I respectfully suggest you consider further?



             Mike Huckabee's support is not just from Evangelicals as the media is trying to convince
             us to believe- it is from free thinking people that favor issues held dear in the hearts
             of most Alaskans.  The Second Ammendment, the First Ammendment, and as our Alaskan
             Governer what should be your favorite Ammendment, the Tenth - STATES RIGHTS !!




             He understands the value of ANWR to our nation as we grow towards energy independence. He
             also sees the benefit of our natural gas to help us reach that national goal.



            Mike Huckabee's 'agenda' is to benefit YOUR KIDS, and as Governer you shoud recognize the
            benefit to YOUR STATE. (sounds similar to a lady that ran for Governer and won up here
            not too long ago!)



            I implore you, before the Alaska caucuses on Tuesday, publicly endorse Mike Huckabee - so
            all our state knows that you care less about those IN POWER, but more about those of us
            lowly voters that have empowered you to speak on our behalf!



            You say a Governer's endorsement means little.. .1 think you are under-estimating the
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011353
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             respect that most Alaskans have for you .   Please endorse your fellow Governer, Mike
             Huckabee.



             Thank you for your outstanding service to the State of Alaska,



             Respectfully Submitted,



             Warren Searle




             searle@gci.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011354
