Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 04, 2008 9:05 AM
              To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent :   Sunday, February 03, 2008 3:02 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Ms. Rena Cook

              address: 3668 Lyle Ave North Pole AK 99705

               907-488-8934




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Sarah Palin,



                 I am the organizer for the Mike Huckabee for President 2008 Meetup group in North Pole.

                 I started this group in order to find other members to volunteer to help gain local
              support for Mike Huckabee in the area knowing that his campaign has very limited funds for
              advertising.

                 I pray that you will thoughtfully consider endorsing Mike Huckabee. I believe with all
              my heart that he is an exceptional candidate that by far the most qualified candidate
              running on either side. He is honest and very intelligent and I believe would be every
              bit as fiscally conservative as you are.

                 I was born in Eagle Alaska and have lived here my entire life. I love this state and
             am proud to be an Alaskan. I want a president who appreciates a states right to decide
             what is best for it's people and not a legislator who would impose federal mandates or
             oppose the drilling in ANWR.

                I also want a president who believes that our nation can set high standards and achieve
             goals such as energy independence and the Fair Tax plan that would benefit all of us but
             most importantly it would benefit our poorest.  The other candidates continuously say that
             the Fair Tax is a great idea but not likely to happen. Mike Huckabee says we will make it
             happen. I believe that if elected he will.

                I have great respect for you and believe that you truely have Alaskas best interests at
             heart and I think that Mike Huckabee posesses that same rare quality. Sincerely,

                                                       Rena Cook
                                                                    1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011345
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              BTW Janet Huckabee is in Anchorage and she actually called to thank me for my efforts. I
              was impressed by her graciousness.



                                                     http :// mikehuckabee.meetup.com/197/




                                                           www.Alaskansforhuckabee.com




              renacook@gci.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011346
