Unknown

From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Monday, April 21, 2008 11:37 AM
To:                      'fek9wn r@yahoo. com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Saturday, April 19, 2008 2:35 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Bonnie Lange

address: 1510 Helen Drive Anchorage AK 99515

 907-345-4618



MESSAGE:

Just want to say Welcome to your new baby son. And God has picked special parents to guide this
very special child. We are foster parents here in Alaska and have been for 35 years and we had a
special little girl placed with us in 1999 who was born with Down Syndrome and we feel God picks
special parents for these little gifts from God. Our little Fetina has been such a joy to us from the day
she came into our home at one month old. We were able to adopt her at two years old and from the
day we got her we treated her like a normal child not making any excuses for her being Downs and I
feel because we did raise her that way with Gods help she is very bright in everyway today at 9 years
old.



All our speical children are so full of love and have so much to give and we learn so much from all of
them daily. Two of our little Fetina's favorite things are Church and School, and we had people tell us
she would always go through life not being looked at as a normal child. My answer to that is "what is
normal" after all maybe we "normal people" are really the ones who have the most challegnes in life
because we do not accept things with love and trust like a child born with downs. Fetina is the joy I
wake up to in the morning and the love of our life when we go to sleep at night. I would not trade her
for a "normal" child for anything. She has taught us what real "love" is. I wish I could see the angels
she talks to and laughs with when she is playing. It is amazing to watch her as I believe she really is
seeing angels because she has such a glow about her when she talks to them. She has taught me to
                                                       i
                                                                                        ROSTON 02131




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
trust in God more than ever.



So enjoy your.little special angel from God as we have our little "Angel".



We have an article on the web site www.parentsday.com if you would like to see our family with
Fetina in my husbands arms. When the page comes up on the left side click on "meet the parents of
the year" when the next page comes up click on "National parents of the year 2003" and then our
story will come up with our pictures. Fetina is the one my husband is holding. The article is a few
years old and some things have changed as now we have since adopted five children and have had
over 1200 children go through our home in foster care these past 35 years. There are some other
articles at the bottom of that page too.



I wish I could be more involved in making Alaskans see how blessed they could be if they would open
their homes to children with special needs. And I wish I could make Alaska a better place for our
children as we have far to many in foster care that bounce from home to home.



So if you ever need someone to talk to about any of these issues I would be more than happy to
discuss them with you.



I know God choose a speical family to care for his little angel that he has given to you.



God bless you and your family.



Bonnie Lange




Starblue@gci.net




                                                   2                                 ROSTON 02132




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
