Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Cayce, Sunny C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SCCAYCEI
           Sent:                   Monday, February 04, 2008 10:01 AM
           To:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
           Cc:                     Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Saddler; Daniel R (GOV); Good; Jacob D (GOV)
           Subject:                RE: General Administration

           Incoming email regarding boards appointments need to go directly to B&C, not me, even
           though they relate to fish and game. These comments, which we will be getting more of,
           are specific to recent appointments to the Board of Game and any response should come
           directly from them.



           Thanks!

           Sunny




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 8:45 AM

           To: rkennedy@alaska.com

           Subject: RE: General Administration



           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, February 03, 2008 8:31 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General-Administration



          Web mail from: Ms. Roisin Kennedy

           address: 5421 Rabbit Creek Rd Anchorage AK 99516

            907-748-6184

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011380
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,



           Where is the Alaskan peoples voice being represented with respect to the direction of Fish
           & Game?



           With the latest appointments to the board it is evident that your administration has an
           agenda to hear only from the people that are in favor of predatory control. Your latest
           bill to make it more difficult for conservation groups to sue the state of Alaska
           indicates that you do not seem to undestand that it is not just conservation groups that
           are againtst prdatory control; it is the voters of Alaska who have twice voted down aerial
           wolf hunting.



           Where is our voice with respect to Fish & Game's direction? Will your administraion not
           listen to the seaoned biologists who were hired as experts by the state when they speak
           out that there is no viable science supporting this type of spieces control? Furthermore,
           it is my understanding that these biologists who are employed by Fish & Game are being
           reprimanded for voicing their opinions on both aeril wolf hunting and the unethical
           hunting of Katmai bears. Is this what we call open debate? Is this transparent governing?



           Many of the policies of Fish & Game for the past 2 years are taking the State of Alaska
           backwards.



           Is there anyone listening to the voters voice?



           rkennedy@alaska.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011381
