Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPI ENTS/CN=JLMASON]
           Sent:                    Monday, February 04 , 2008 7:18 PM
           To:                      gov. sarah @yahoo.com
           Subject:                 FW: Email


           Email regarding your Seward trip.       Janice



           -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 9:11 AM

           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Wilken, Jessica M (GOV)

           Subject; FW: General Administration




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us}

           Sent: Saturday, February 02, 2008 7:55 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General Administration



          Web mail from: Mr. Russ Maddox

           address: 3385 Nash Rd Seward AK 99664

            (907)224-7607



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,



          I just wanted to take a few minutes to thank you for taking the time out of your busy
          schedule and life to drive down to Seward today to join us in celebrating the Centennial
          of the Iditarod. We are all very touched and inspired by your efforts on our behalf. I
          hope your drive back was as easy as the drive down.



          I would also like to recap our conversation if I may. I am indeed working very hard
          amongst the conservation community to focus on common ground and promoting projects rather
          than always seeming to oppose projects. As you can imagine it is an uphill battle but I
                                                             1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0011377
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           can definitely see progress being made . With my leadership positions in the conservation
           community I hope to bring more leaders from around our great state to more moderate
           stances.



           I will continue promoting utilizing the railbelt ROW and ARCC for potential wind
           generation siting as you suggested . I will continue the dialogue with your cabinet and
           hope you will promote it from above as well. It would be so nice to see our own public
           corp , ARRC promoting renewable energies rather than strictly coal.



           We also spoke of the President of Iceland ' s vision and how it inspired us both . After you
           raised the question and contemplating it for a while I believe it was the high cost of
           fuel which swung the public and political climate in Iceland to support their renewable
           energy development . So perhaps with our ever rising fuel costs these projects will become
           viable and receive broader support as time passes . Every time fuel costs go up I figure
           alternatives are coming down. So it seems we are on the right track , its just a matter of
           time. I really appreciate all of your efforts towards promoting renewable projects
           statewide . Please know I am at your service if you should ever have any suggestions.



           We also spoke of the shipyard and the need to tighten up regulations to prevent shipyard
           pollution . Ketchikan , Sitka, and now Seward ' s shipyards have all been declared
           contaminated sites. This is directly due to lack of containment which is allowed by loose
           regulations such as the " reasonable precautions " language in the fugitive dust regs.
           Prevention is key and it is obvious we will be developing new ports and marine facilities
           in the future . We must learn from our mistakes . All of the other coastal states have gone
           through this same transition after winding up with contaminated shipyards . So we have
           great models to follow. I will continue working with Joe and Larry on this effort.



           Tributyltin, the element of concern detected in all of the shipyard samples is, as I
           mentioned , now banned globally , and has been banned in Alaska for B years , yet is still
           appearing everywhere we look . As I also mentioned I believe the Alaska Marine Highway
           Ferries and USCG vessels may still utilize this most toxic substance. Without total
           containment of waste generating activities the contamination can only get worse in time.
           And without even a lab in Alaska capable of analyzing samples for TBT we have a real
           challenge before us . UAF and the Sealife Center just started a study of TBT in mussels
           from a number of locations around the state including near our shipyard ' s long term beach
           dumpsite for their waste. I am in this for the long term and will continue doing whatever
           I can to raise awareness of these issues.



           My grandson , Hunter was so proud of your attention . He was even shown driving a sled on
           the news tonight ! He is such a serious young man. I am really proud of him. His science
           teacher invited me to speak to the class about conservation issues. As you are, I am
           dedicated to making this world a better place for our future generations . The most
          .compelling moment in my life was when Chief Joe Linklater of the Gwich'in in Old Crow, YT
           spoke addressed Congress last year and said, "this land is for those not yet born", then
           he paused for at least 2 minutes before continuing his testimony . There wasn ' t a dry eye
           in the chamber.



          Again , thank you so much for coming today. And please if there is ever anything you can
          think of that I might do for the benefit of the state just call me. I stand ready to
          serve.



          Thanks for all of your efforts on behalf of our great state, and all of us lucky enough to
          call it home.
                                                       2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0011378
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                        Respectfully,

                                               Russ Maddox



           Resurrection Bay Conservation Alliance BOD

           Alaska Conservation Alliance , and Alaska Conservation Voters                 Issues . Policy Council

           Alaska Chapter Sierra Club Executive Committee

           Alaska National Delegate to Sierra Club

           Alaska Citizen ' s for the Chugach ( local rep)

           President , ReclaimDemocracy . org Alaska Chapter




           russmaddox @ yahoo.com




                                                              3




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011379
