Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Tuesday, February 05, 2008 3:11 PM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW. Center for Women' s Business Research Announces 2008 Board Officers




                From: CfWBR Info (mailto : info@cfwbr.org]
                Sent Tuesday, February 05, 2008 2:26 PM
                Subject: NR: Center for Women 's Business Research Announces 2008 Board Officers

                   u
                   x




                                                                                      Contact: Juanita M . Weaver
                                                                                      Director of Media & Strategic
                                                                                     Alliances
                                                                                     Center for Women' s Business
                                                                                     Research
                                                                                     202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                                     jweaverQwomen sbusi nessreseg


                Release date : February 6, 2008


                                   Center for Women's Business Research
                                      Announces 2008 Board Officers
               Washington , DC - The Center for Women 's Business Research is pleased to announce its
               elected board leadership for 2008 . For nearly two decades , the Center for Women 's Business
               Research has been the premier source of research and knowledge about women business
               owners and their enterprises.


               Continuing in her second year as board chair is Margaret A. Smith , president of Domus, one of
               the San Francisco Bay Area 's largest independently-owned kitchen and home accessories
               stores.


               Chair-elect and vice -chair for strategy is Beverly Holmes , senior vice president for retirement
               services and strategic relationship marketing of MassMutual Financial Group.


               Marjorie Alfus is the immediate past-chair. She is president & CEO of the Alfus Family
               Foundation.




               10/29/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011395
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                Gayle Watson is board treasurer and the immediate past president of the National Association of
                Women Business Owners and president of Performance Solutions , Inc., a full-service management
                consulting company specializing in providing performance management programs to the financial
                industry and customer care call centers.


                Roslyn Daum is vice chair for corporate development . Until her recent retirement, she was a partner at
                Choate , Hall and Stewart, LLC, a leading Boston law firm.


                Patricia Greene , Ph.D. is the vice-chair for research . She is provost and the former dean of the
                undergraduate school of Babson College.


                Gail. McDonald is vice-chair for board development . She is a partner of St. Charles Consulting Group,
                LLC, a management consulting firm that specializes in executive coaching , team coaching , outcome-
                driven meeting facilitation and organizational assessment.


                Deann Murphy is vice -chair for communications . She is the founder and CEO of Craft Clicks , Inc., a
                consulting and product-development company.


                Flori Roberts is vice -chair for the advisory council . She is the founder of The Roberts Group, a
                cosmetics sales and marketing company that includes Flori Roberts Cosmetics , Dermablend Corrective
                Cosmetics , and Smart Cover Cosmetics.




               Editor's note: For more complete biographies of any or all of the board officers and members , please
               visit our website or contact Juanita Weaver at 202 .638.3060 x 719.


               About the Center for Women's Business Research
               The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic,
               social, and political impact of women business owners and their enterprises. We do this by setting the
               national agenda; creating insight on the status and achievements of women business owners; altering
               perceptions about the economic viability and progress of women-owned enterprises, and driving awareness
               of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. For more information, visit
               www.womensbusinessresearch.ora.




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011396
