Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :   Mason, Janice L (GOV) panice.mason@aIaska.govl
                Sent:    Tuesday, February 05, 2008 11:55 AM
                To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: EMAIL - Student
                Governor - This is terrible news. Maybe Lynne can get a letter off to the
                mother.  Thanks, Janice




                -----Original Message-----
                From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:webMail@aov.state.ak.us]
                Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 11:11 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Education

                web mail from : Ms. Kelly Jean Lincoln
                address : PO Box 1028 Bethel AK 99559
                 543-3548

               MESSAGE:
               Dear Sarah,
               As you may have already heard, there was a suicide at Mt. Edgecumbe High
               School last night. Her name was Rachelle George from Bethel, age 16. She was
               my daughter's close friend and next door neighbor in their dorm at MEHS. My
               daughter Allie had a front row seat to all the commotion due to her closeness
               and now she is devastated. She called me crying around 11pm last night when
               all the police and medics were there. I was in shock, I couldn't believe that
               this was happening to us. She thinks that it was her fault, that she should
               have stayed with her in her room. I told her, it's not your fault, we didn't
               know. She is not comfortless though. The support staff at MEHS is working very
               hard to make sure the kids are okay, although I am scared of the possibility
               of copycat suicides - remember Alakanuk? Anyway, the issue of dropping out of
               school and coming home has reared its head. I mean, who wants to live next to
               an empty room where your friend used to live and is no longer there? All the
               memories, the laughs, etc. They used to go to breakfast together. I pray to
               God that she will not drop out and I pray that everything will be okay and
               that she will decide for herself to stay in school and continue. Well, I just
               wanted to say all that and to see if you had any plans to visit those poor
               kids. it is like a bomb dropped on our state with its epicenter in Sitka and
               my poor sweet Allie is right in the middle of it. Thank you for your time and
               I hope that I didn't bother you too much. Quyana, Kelly

               kelly@deltadiscovery.com




               10/29/2009



                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0011394
