Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                 From :   Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO)
                 Sent:    Tuesday, February 05, 2008 4:33 PM
                 To:      'gov. sarah©yahoo.com'
                 Cc:       Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: Meeting with Commissioner Monegan I Sexual Assault Initiative I VPSO's
                Governor:

                STATEWIDE INITIATIVE ON SEXUAL ASSAULTS

                DPS is proposing a statewide initiative to reduce the level of sexual assaults in Alaska . Alaska has a very
                serious problem with the rates of sexual assaults , particularly in rural areas . Colonel Holloway and the
                Commissioner want to Implement a statewide initiative . DPS estimates the initiative would cost about $10
                million a year each of 5 years ($ 50 million total) and involve about 30 - 40 new temporary trooper
                positions. These new troopers would only investigate sexual assault cases . Any cases they bring
                forward would be prosecuted before dedicated courts of judges , prosecutors, and public defenders that
                would only work on sexual assault cases . There would be a fiscal impact on a number of departments
                but it has not been calculated yet.

                Because it is such an important issue and there are a lot of unanswered questions, I offered to meet with
                DPS every Friday afternoon for an hour until we get the details ironed out. I want to walk through the
                issues and fiscal impacts with them . After that, we would meet with OMB and other commissioners of
                affected departments to get their input.
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                VPSO TASK FORCE RECOMMENDATIONS

                The main recommendations from the report are:
                1. Increase pay by $4 . 50 per hour (starting pay would increase from $16 . 55 an hour to $21 an hour)
                2. Increase number of VPSO's by 60 over a four year period
                3. Provide a small stipend of $1,000 per VPSO to each community with a VPSO to mitigate cost of
                maintaining a public safety building and equipment.
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                                                                                               1




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011417
