Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent                     Tuesday, February 05, 2008 10:19 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Bald Eagle Update




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Cindy Palmatier [mailto:rehab@birdtlc.net]

             Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 3:03 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Bald Eagle Update




             Governor Palin,



             I just wanted to touch base and let you know personally that the Bald Eagles

             that Bird Treatment and Learning Center received from the Ocean Beauty

            Seafoods incident on Kodiak island are doing well. We have moved 16 of the

            birds to our flight facility at Ft. Richardson, with the remaining birds

            still being held at our Anchorage facility.



            The first release of these birds back to Kodiak is scheduled to happen on

            Saturday Feb. 9th in Kodiak. There is discussion pending on having the

            Asst. Sec. Of the Interior, Lynn Scarlett, do a toss release of on of the

            birds.      This part is still pending confirmation from her office.



            Bird TLC volunteers and the general public have all risen to meet the needs

            of these birds while they are in our care. We have over 55 volunteers who

            have put in over 1000 hours to wash, dry, feed and clean these birds. The

            general community has provided large quantities of donated salmon and

            hooligan to maintain a high quality diet for the birds during this period.



            Thank you for your support of Bird TLC, and I hope your kids enjoyed the

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0011423
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             release!



             Cindy



             Cindy Palmatier

             Director of Avian Care

             Bird Treatment    & Learning Center

             (907) 562-4813




                                                            2
