Unknown
From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                    Monday, April 21, 2008 11:38 AM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats


Todd - This one was also forwarded to Lynne Smith (Education). Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, April 21, 2008 11:17 AM

To: Castle, Lillian K (GOV)

Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV)

Subject: FW: Education




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov .state.ak . us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state. ak.us]

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 10:42 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Education



Web mail from: Peter Hauschka

address: Box 225 Cantwell AK 99729

907-768-2324



MESSAGE:

                                                   1                             ROSTON 02135




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Dear Governor Palin,



Congratulations on the birth of your new son Trig. As a Cantwell resident, I couldn't help but notice
that you named your kid Paxson too.



As an educator, (I am the principal and teacher of Cantwell School), I wish to weigh in the "choosing
the new commissioner decision" awaiting you.



In my career in Alaska, I have been lucky enough to work with 2 educational leaders who rise way,
way above their peers, Steve Atwater and John Hoist.



Steve was my superintendent in LPSD. I spent two years working with him. Never before had a
seen an educational leader so dedicated to share in the work of the team. Steve made sure he knew
and understood what was going on. He truly, always had the interests of the students he served in
our district first.



John Hoist was hired to be my interim superintendent in Denali Borough School District for 1/2 a year
 because our existing supe was hired away by Apple Computer. Anyway, working with John was a
joy. I have never met another man who was so confident with people. John is an extremely patient
man who has the rare gift of leaving those who disagree with him, happy. John has a deep
understanding of Alaskan history and the history of educational reform in our state.



Please do the right thing and choose one of these fine leaders to lead our State Dept of Education.
Doing this will be a decision long remembered by many, many, fellow educators as an act of courage
and conviction; a clear example of putting excellence, rigor, and good judgment ahead of political
expediency.



Thanks for listening,



Sincerely, Pete Hauschka

Cantwell, Alaska




                                                   2                                 ROSTON 02136




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
 phauschka@dbsd.org




                                                            ROSTON 02137




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
