Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUPICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI ]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 05, 2008 12:00 PM
             To:                      'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 Re: Halcro lies again


             Sheesh...Andrew was always good at stepping on people to make his point.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Tue Feb 05 11:57:13 2008

             Subject: Fw: Halcro lies again




             Fyi- more Halcro bull. Amazing what he gets away with w/his lies.

             Sent from my BlackBerry's device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date :    Tue, 5 Feb 2008 18:40:22

            To: "Ivy Frye" <ivy. f rye@alaska.gov>, "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"K Perry"
            <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Todd" <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Sharon Leighow" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Bob Cockrell" <robert.cockrell@alaska.gov>,"Gary wheeler"
            <gary.wheeler@alaska.gov>,"Fred Cooper" <george.cooper@alaska.gov>,"Tom Lopez"
            <tom.lopez@alaska.gov>,"M Nizich" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,"Joe Balash"
            <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: Halcro lies again




            Ivy- Have you EVER shuttled my kids on state time , ever? I know you have not. Halcro is a
            liar. The mainstream media going to him as a credible source is pathetic.



            Security has shuttled my kids from point A to point B, with their insistance that it's
            their job to work for/protect the First Family and they did it for other governors. If
            Halcro wants to gripe about that, let him take it up with Security.

            (Maybe I need to get that in writing?) Even with Security I don't ask much of them so I
            can't be accused of "using state personnel" to assist with First Family logistics.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011409
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sharon, if there's anything you can do here shedding light on Halcro's continued lies, pis
             do.



             And Ivy, your AGIA piece was great!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 05 Feb 2008 09:14:31

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
             <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Halcro took a shot at me on his blog today




             Feb 5: AGIA. What is the baby sitter's opinion?



             On Monday, emails were flying about a weekend opinion column published in the Valley
             Frontiersman by a former campaign volunteer for Governor Palin, turned state employee and
             baby sitter for the governor.

             Ivy Frye, who was appointed to head up the State Boards & Commissions Office and then was
             replaced a few months into the job last year, has become known as the governor's baby
             sitter who shuttled kids to school on state time.

            Her opinion column offers us more baseless and simplistic Palin-esq rhetoric when it comes
            to AGIA. We have added our comments in italics.

            Conoco blows hot air about gas production

              By Ivy Frye

            The Alaska Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA) remains the subject of a lively debate. While
            many see it as a brilliant strategy, some critics assure us that no project can move
            forward without the consent of North Slope producers. (Fact: The only AGIA applicant has
            stated the project cannot move forward without the "agreement & support" of the producers)

            Time will prove AGIA's merits and one thing is for certain: During her first year in
            office, Governor Palin has blazed the trail for Alaska 's first truly open and competitive
            process for building a natural gas pipeline. (Fact: One year later and this process has
            given us only one applicant. Even ardent supporters of AGIA are upset because it hasn't
            delivered any competition and they accuse Palin of promoting "form over substance".)



             In the broadest sense , AGIA is designed to do two things: move a project forward on a
            predictable timeline and ensure an open-access pipeline. (Fact: The project won't move
            forward, regardless of the state's timelines until the producers agree to commit to pay
            for the $30 plus billion pipeline.)
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011410
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Nothing prevents ConocoPhillips from building a gasline , nor has anything prevented this
             for the past several decades . And yet, it has chosen not to. (Fact: The price of natural
             gas wasn 't even high enough to justify costing out a pipeline project let alone building
             it, until just six years ago.)



              In the company's current public relations tour, Conoco makes it very clear that it does
             not require any of the incentives offered under AGIA . Why would the state want to give
             away $500 million when ConocoPhillips will consider moving a project forward right now?
             (Fact : The only reason the state is offering a $500 million inducement is a carrot for
             companies like Transcanada who have no gas, no financing and little hope of pulling off
             the project . AGIA was written to exclude Conoco and other producers.)



              Never mind that this is all contingent on a number of preconditions . ( Fact : A legal
             opinion released last week stated that Transcanada's AGIA application should have been
             rejected due to including contingencies.)

             ConocoPhillips only wants one thing for this seemingly irresistible offer - to sit down
             again and discuss fiscal terms . ( Fact : Even Transcanada in their AGIA application (2.2.52)
             demands the state sit down and discuss fiscal terms.)

             But, company officials do not suggest this in their proposal of what these terms might be.
             When this was pointed out in the governor ' s recent letter to CEO James Mulva,
             ConocoPhillips responded that it does have some terms in mind and would be happy to share
             these in private just as soon as the governor is ready to sit down and negotiate.

             Although the governor goes on to explain in her letter why this is no longer a viable
             alternative, Conoco chooses to ignore it. (Fact: The reason the governor gave for not
             discussing fiscal terms in her letter to Conoco was that AGIA proved they didn't need to.
             However , the governor was wrong . Transcanada clearly told the governor in their AGIA bid
             that she needed to discuss fiscal terms with Conoco and others.)

            The governor also asks in her letter why Conoco chose not to commit gas to its proposed
            project . What is interesting about Conoco ' s answer is that officials do not answer the
            question. Instead, Conoco takes the opportunity to point out that TransCanada hasn't
            committed gas in its AGIA license application . Never mind the fact that TransCanada is not
            a gas producer and has no gas to commit, and never mind the fact that a gas commitment is
            the single - largest thing Conoco could do to lessen the project risk and move a project
            forward. (Fact: Conoco cannot responsibly commit to supplying gas for twenty five years or
            more in ship or pay contracts without knowing more about the fiscal regime that will
            govern the $30 plus billion project.)

            The questions people should be asking begin with "why?" Why would ConocoPhillips choose to
            keep the project risk high? (Fact: At $30 plus billion and the largest oil & gas project
            in the world, the risk is already high. Conoco is attempting to limit the projects risk by
            trying to understand the economic modeling which is impossible until you understand the
            fiscal framework of the project including your tax liability)



             Why, if ConocoPhillips needs none of the state incentives to move forward, would it make
            no effort to do so? Why would ConocoPhillips choose to make its "proposal" public just the
            day before AGIA's application deadline? (Fact: Conoco doesn't need the state's $500
            million because they have the tools to make the project work. They have gas reserves, deep
            balance sheet and relationships with North Slope producers. Transcanada needs to accept
            the $500 million because they have no gas reserves and thus no certainty for project
            financing. If they were to undertake AGIA without the state's $500 million, every dime
            they spend would be their own and a very risky move.)

            In my mind, the answer to all is clear: fear. Conoco does not want the state to issue an
            AGIA license. It does not want a project to move forward on the state's aggressive
            timeline and does not want an open access pipeline. (Aggressive timeline? Under AGIA,

                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011411
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Alaska could be locked in with Transcanada for up to ten years, pay them $500 million and
             still not have a natural gas pipeline.)

             In reality , I do not believe Conoco is at all surprised its "proposal " has not been taken
             seriously . It would be quite clear to anyone who has actually taken the time to read the
             document . Compared to any of the serious AGIA applications received by the state, it is a
             grade- schooler ' s guide to gasline risk . ( Fact : The AGIA process has delivered one
             applicant whose application is not a real application . They have placed contengincies on
             everything , even saying they had to get final approval from their board before going
             ahead . In addition , Revenue Commissioner Pat Galvin testified there may be
             "complications" with Transcanada ' s AGIA application.)

             ConocoPhillips is engaged in nothing more than an expensive campaign to obfuscate the AGIA
             process and fuel the public ' s hope that after so many failed negotiations and
             stonewalling , the producers are finally ready to build us a gasline.

             Unfortunately , ConocoPhillips ' effort has been quite successful in its attempt to take
             attention from the AGIA process . Radio hosts , former statewide candidates and other
             critics are swept along in the frenzy , using their positions to level personal attacks on
             AGIA supporters rather than debate the true merits of public policy. (Fact: We have argued
             factually since day one. We predicted this process would fail to deliver an applicant that
             could build the project without the producers and so far we have been absolutely correct.
             Even the sole AGIA applicant agrees with us on the issue of needing a fiscal framework.)



              As this chapter continues to unfold, I would encourage Conoco to work with the Palin
             administration toward our mutual goal of getting Alaska 's North Slope gas to market. And
             as for the rest, let ' s keep our dialogue civilized . (We agree . Lets start by telling the
             truth instead of fairy tales and recognize that the AGIA applicant has said the governor
             needs to negotiate a fiscal framework to get this project moving forward.)

             Ivy Frye is a lifelong Alaska and Palmer resident . She resides in Juneau and serves in
             Gov. Sarah Palin ' s administration.




                                                           4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011412
