Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                   Tuesday, February 05, 2008 9:14 AM
             To:                     wbeII0828@mac.com
             Subject:                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the. appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need , suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail®gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent : Monday, February 04, 2008 5:06 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Willie Bell

            address : 708 Manzanita Way vancouver WA 98661

             360-607-9267



            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,



            My name is Willie (Will) Bell, and I am a University of Idaho Alum (Sigma Chi '91).



            I seem to have gotten on your mailing list for the Free Alaska Travel Guide (sign me up).
            I probably got on the mailing list as I buy a fishing permit up there every summer, and
            spend a lot of money in your BEAUTIFUL state when I vacation in Petersburg and
            Wrangell/Thorne Bay (McFarland's Floatel)



            The reason for my email is that I was reading my University of Idaho magazine last month,
            and read that great article about you and the programs and policies you are enacting. It
            seemed an irony and I didnt want to let the opportunity pass to email you.



            I just wanted to give you a hearty congratulations and tell you how proud I am to read
           about the wonderful things University of Idaho Alums are going on to do. You are an
           inspiration (wether you think so or not) to men and women and lots of people do read the
           magazine.  Please keep up the good work, stay away from corruption and scandal, and have a
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0011441
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           great time as Alaska ' s state governor.   Next time you get to Portland , oregon, look me up,
           I'd be glad to buy you a steak dinner.



           Best Regards,



           Willie Bell Idaho '96



           wbel10828@mac.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011442
