Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Hartig , Lawrence L (DEC) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=LLHARTIG]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 05, 2008 8:21 AM
            To:                      'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'
            Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Smith; Lynne
                                     M (GOV)
            Subject:                 RE: Email


            Governor,



            Thank you for forwarding this message to me. Our department has been staying in touch
            with Mr. Maddox regarding issues in Seward, particularly the dry dock facility. I have a
            meeting with him next week while we are both at the Alaska Forum on the Environment. DEC
            has been investigating contamination at the dry dock facility, issued Notice of Violations
            to the operator, and may be filing a civil complaint.



            DEC had an inspector in Seward to observe the loading of a coal ship by the ARRC last
            week.  I understand, despite windy conditions, the loading went well with no dust
            problems.



            Larry



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

           Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 7:23 PM

           To: Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC)

           Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Smith, Lynne
           M (GOV)

           Subject: Fw: Email



           Fyi, input from Seward constituent re: energy projects and the segment of the Conservation
           community that does want to work with us on development projects:

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: " Mason,   Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2008 19:18:15

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0011472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Subject: FW: Email




            Email regarding your Seward trip.     Janice



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Monday, February 04, 2008 9:11 AM

            To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Wilken, Jessica M (GOV)

            Subject: FW: General Administration




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us}

           Sent: Saturday, February 02, 2008 7:55 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General Administration



           Web mail from: Mr. Russ Maddox

           address: 3385 Nash Rd Seward AK 99664

             (907)224-7607



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           I just wanted to take a few minutes to thank you for taking the time out

           of your busy schedule and life to drive down to Seward today to join us

           in celebrating the Centennial of the Iditarod. We are all very touched

           and inspired by your efforts on our behalf. I hope your drive back was

           as easy as the drive down.



           I would also like to recap our conversation if I may. I am indeed

           working very hard amongst the conservation community to focus on common
                                                           2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            ground and promoting projects rather than always seeming to oppose

            projects. As you can imagine it is an uphill battle but I can definitely

            see progress being made. With my leadership positions in the

            conservation community I hope to bring more leaders from around our

            great state to more moderate stances.



            I will continue promoting utilizing the railbelt ROW and ARCC for

            potential wind generation siting as you suggested. I will continue the

            dialogue with your cabinet and hope you will promote it from above as

           well. It would be so nice to see our own public Corp, ARRC promoting

           renewable energies rather than strictly coal.



           We also spoke of the President of Iceland's vision and how it' inspired

           us both. After you raised the question and contemplating it for a while

           I believe it was the high cost of fuel which swung the public and

           political climate in Iceland to support their renewable energy

           development. So perhaps with our ever rising fuel costs these projects

           will become viable and receive broader support as time passes. Every

           time fuel costs go up I figure alternatives are coming down. So it seems

           we are on the right track, its just a matter of time. I really

           appreciate all of your efforts towards promoting renewable projects

           statewide. Please know I am at your service if you should ever have any

           suggestions.



           We also spoke of the shipyard and the need to tighten up regulations to

          prevent shipyard pollution. Ketchikan, Sitka, and now Seward's shipyards

          have all been declared contaminated sites. This is directly due to lack

          of containment which is allowed by loose regulations such as the

          "reasonable precautions" language in the fugitive dust regs. Prevention

          is key and it is obvious we will be developing new ports and marine

          facilities in the future. We must learn from our mistakes. All of the

          other coastal states have gone through this same transition after

          winding up with contaminated shipyards. So we have great models to

                                                           3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           follow. I will continue working with Joe and Larry on this effort.



           Tributyltin , the element of concern detected in all of the shipyard

           samples is, as I mentioned , now banned globally, and has been banned in

           Alaska for 8 years, yet is still appearing everywhere we look. As I also

           mentioned I believe the Alaska Marine Highway Sawries and USCG vessels

           may still utilize this most toxic substance . Without total containment

           of waste generating activities the contamination can only get worse in

           time. And without even a lab in Alaska capable of analyzing samples for

           TBT we have a real challenge before us. UAF and the Sealife Center just

           started a study of TBT in mussels from a number of locations around the

           state including near our shipyard's long term beach dumpsite for their

           waste . I am in this for the long term and will continue doing whatever I

           can to raise awareness of these issues.



           My grandson , Hunter was so proud of your attention . He was even. shown

           driving a sled on the news tonight! He is such a serious young man. I am

           really proud of him . His science teacher invited me to speak to the.

           class about conservation issues . As you are ,        I am dedicated to making

          this world a better place for our future generations . The most

          compelling moment in my life was when Chief Joe Linklater of the

          Gwich'in in Old Crow, YT spoke addressed Congress last year and said,

           "this land is for those not yet born", then he paused for at least 2

          minutes before continuing his testimony . There wasn ' t a dry eye in the

          chamber.



          Again, thank you so much for coming today. And please if there is ever

          anything you can think of that I might do for the benefit of the state

          just call me. I stand ready to serve.



          Thanks for all of your efforts on behalf of our great state, and all of

          us lucky enough to call it home.



                                      Respectfully,
                                                             4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                               Russ Maddox



           Resurrection Bay Conservation Alliance BOD

           Alaska Conservation Alliance, and Alaska Conservation Voters                 Issues

           Policy Council

           Alaska Chapter Sierra Club Executive Committee

           Alaska National Delegate to Sierra Club

           Alaska Citizen's for the Chugach (local rep)

           President, ReclaimDemocracy.org Alaska Chapter




           russmaddox@yahoo.com




                                                              5
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Pagelof3


                 Unknown

                 From :     Shelley Hughes (ShelleyH@alaskapca.org]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, February 06, 2008 5:32 PM
                 To:        Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Jackson; Karleen K (HSS);
                            Butler; Jay (HSS-CDC); Carr, Patricia A (HSS); Millard; Mark A (HSS)
                 Subject: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget
                Letter is pasted below and attached for your convenience. In the event that the email process distorts
                the formatting, please refer to the attached.
                Thank you,
                Shelley Hughes

                       AKPCA Long Logo




                Honorable Sarah Palin
                Third Floor, State Capitol Building
                Juneau , Alaska 99801

                February 6, 2008

                Re: Important Item for Your Amended Budget: CHCs

                Dear Governor Palin,

                Thank you for your help arranging my meeting with Karen Rehfeld as well as for the privilege of meeting
                with your Legislator Director, Russ Kelly . I discussed with these key advisors of yours the critical role
                Community Health Centers (CHCs ) are filling throughout Alaska and their need for support . Because I
                know you are not interested in the "same-old, same- old" when results don't measure up, and I know
                you're open to innovative approaches that are based on sound principles, I am asking you to be a
                champion on health care issues - even beyond what you've already been through your current bills in
                the legislature - by championing CHCs as part of a real , here and now, cost-effective, quality solution to
                the rising cost of health care and the need for access for Alaskans.

                This is a statewide issue, with 124 CHC sites sprinkled across the entire state . It is an issue that needs to
                be championed by our leader of Alaska , you, Governor Palin. I'll give you the bottom line now instead of
                waiting until the conclusion of this letter : can we count on you to insert a first-time $13 million CHC
                funding in your amended budget ? Yes, the $13 million request is no small number, but please keep in
                mind two things : 1) with 80,000 patients and 124 CHC sites throughout the state , the ratio is
                $ 105,000/site and 2) CHCs save substantial Medicaid dollars.

                As a fan of marketplace solutions like you are, let me point out that CHCs provide primary care access
                for areas and populations where no competitive marketplace exist. I have been in conversations with
                the Heritage Foundation regarding this issue the last couple of months ; Ed Haislmeier assured me that it
                is indeed the government's role to assist in a scenario such as ours.



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0011477
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3



                As I discussed with Karen and Russ , CHCs are in a precarious place , with declining revenues, a growing
                patientload of uninsured and low income Alaskans accompanied by rising operational costs , and an extremely
                severe workforce shortage . We're one of a handful of states that have been making these open -door, fee-scale
                clinics available to Alaskans without any direct state funding . But providing primary care (basic medical , dental
                and behavioral health ) to now over 80,000 Alaskans, we are at a juncture where we need state support.

                As you know, the Alaska Health Care Strategies Planning Council , in their report, clearly recommended state
                investment and support to strengthen and expand CHCs. The Council recognized the valuable and cost -effective
                quality care and access CHCs provide. The fact that Medicaid patients who use CHCs as their medical homes
                save Medicaid 33% is an important consideration in light of the growing Medicaid budget.

                The Federal OMB realizes CHCs' cost -effective quality and value and has given CHCs the highest ranking possible
                in their scoring system . CHCs are proven providers and have a history of accountability and performance. CHCs
                stretch the dollar and operate with a high level of excellence . Health outcomes improve in communities with
                CHCs.

                Please remember too, that CHCs are one of the sole providers left in the state that are accepting new Medicare
                patients. CHCs are an essential resource to our seniors; these clinics are also working to provide access to
                veterans in outlying areas.

                Our request is summarized in the hardcopy brochures I left with Karen and Russ last week . Electronic versions
                of both the brochure and the full version of the request ( 103 pages) with data and details are available for
                download here : htt : /www. alaskapca . org/CHCStateFundingPublication .aspx?id=1294 . The request is divided
                between 4 critical categories of need : workforce recruitment and retention , a one-time capital request for HIT
                infrastructure, marketing (to get the word out to seniors, those on Medicaid , etc.), and energy assistance.

                I've also attached a document , What Alaska Can Expect in Return for Investing in CHCs, which will provide you
                with some good numerical insight into the benefit of state investment in CHCs as well as the relevant APCA
                Board Resolution . I'd be happy to address any questions you may have.

                And now the bottom line again : will you step out and champion the CHCs in Alaska as part of your plan to
                address cost, quality access issues in Alaska ? Will you add the $13 million to your amended budget to help turn
                the tide ? The expansion and strengthening of primary care lowers overall health care spending and creates
                healthier communities . You can't go wrong.

                Thank you for your steadfast service to Alaskans and your dedication to finding solutions to the important health
                care issues we face today.

               Joining with you to pursue quality, cost-effective primary care access for all Alaskans,
                   final blue signature

               Shelley    ug e
               Government Affairs Director
               Alaska Primary Care Association




               Cc: Karen Rehfeld , Director, Office of Management and Budget
                   Russ Kelly, Legislative Director , Office of the Governor




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0011478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 3


                     Mike Tibbles, Chief of Staff, Office of the Governor
                     Karleen Jackson , Commissioner, DHSS
                     Jay Butler, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, DHSS
                     Pat Carr, Health Program Manager IV, Health Planning and Systems Development, DHSS
                     Mark Millard, Health Program Manager III, Primary Care Office, DHSS




                Shelley S. Y-fughes
                Government Affairs Director
                Alaska Primary Care Association
                ww .alagkaoca.oro
                sheilev(Malaskaoca.ora
                903 West Northern Lights Blvd Ste 200
                Anchorage AK 99503
                907.841 . 1834 cell (best contact)
                907.929 .2728 phone
                907.929 , 2734 fax
                'Uncompromising in the pursuit of access to primary care for all Alaskans'


                mom.alaskapca.ora
                Browse APCA 's helpful online advocacy information and resources.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011479
