Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Wednesday, February 06, 2008 8:49 AM
                 To:      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: cc of letter to Secretary Kempthome on polar bear listing




                From: John Manly [mailto:John_Manly@Iegis.state.ak.usl
                Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 5:16 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)
                Subject: cc of letter to Secretary Kempthorne on polar bear listing

                Attached please find a pdf of a letter sent this afternoon to Secretary Kempthorne from
                Sen. Green and Rep . Harris , expressing their concern over the possible listing of the
                polar bear under the ESA, FYI.

                John Manly
                Office of Speaker Harris
                465-5369




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0011480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                 Page 1 of 4


                Unknown
                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:       Wednesday, February 06, 2008 8:58 AM
                To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 5-11, 2008



                From: Waste Business Journal (mailto :info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 12:33 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Feb. 5-11, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                         Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 5-11, 2008

                HEADLINES...
                1. Republic Services Reports Rise in Fourth Quarter Profits and
                   Revenues
                2. More Counties Consider Flow Control in Upstate New York
                3. Waste Imported and Landfilled in Michigan is Down by 6%
                4. Connecticut to Add 110 Megawatts of Renewable Power
                S. Oahu Hawaii Reports Lower Recycling Rate
                6. Ecolab to Acquire Provider of Energy , Water and Effluent
                   Management Systems
                7. Sharps Compliance Reports Sharp Increase in 2Q Billings
                8. ANSI Approves New Waste Industry Standards


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste Industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  Signup and Unsubscrlbe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                L?-lea-se feel free to forward this bulletin_to your colleagues.,


                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market...
                Market radius reports capture all waste
                operations within a given market. They
                provide analysis of the major players by
                market share, and show historical trends
                of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                to that area. [ Learn More...]




                1. REPUBLIC SERVICES REPORTS RISE IN FOURTH QUARTER
                   PROFITS AND REVENUES
                   Republic Services reported a 22 percent rise in fourth quarter profit to




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0011481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 4


                   $82.1 million, or $0.44 per share, from $66 .9 million, or $0.34 per share,
                   last year, beating analysts ' expectations of $0.41 per share . However,
                   earnings In the quarter included a $0 . 03 gain related to the sale of the
                   company's Texas-based compost business, Living Earth Technology Co.
                   Revenues for the quarter were up by 3. 9% to $796 million from $766.2
                   million in the same period in 2006 . Driving these gains were primarily
                   pricing Initiatives and higher fuel surcharges since volumes were off by
                   about 1 . 5 percent. For fiscal 2008, Republic is forecasting earnings of
                   between $1 . 78 and $1 . 82 a share . Separately , Republic's board
                   authorized the repurchase of an additional $250 million of company
                   shares ... Read More a


                2. MORE COUNTIES CONSIDER FLOW CONTROL IN UPSTATE NEW
                   YORK
                  The upstate New York counties of Lewis and St. Lawrence are said to be
                  considering flow control as a means to guarantee coverage of the $21
                  million in debt held jointly on their Development Authority of the North
                  Country's landfill at Rodman. So far, Jefferson County, which is home to
                  the landfill and a joint owner, is not considering the measure. The
                  development authority itself lacks any municipal policing powers that
                  would enable them to enact flow control directly. The move comes in
                  response to recent action by the Supreme Court which reversed course on
                  its 1994 ruling by saying that governments can force haulers operating
                  within their jurisdictions to use their government-owned facility. The move
                  would essentially revive a preexisting 1992 flow control measure that had
                  been set aside after the 1994 decision. Flow control would do little to
                  change the status quo since most waste generated in the region ends up
                  at the DANC facility, hauled there by Casella Waste Systems which
                  currently holds a contract to collect waste in Lewis and St. Lawrence
                  counties ...Read More 


                3. WASTE IMPORTED AND LANDFILLED IN MICHIGAN IS DOWN
                   BY 6%
                  The Michigan DEQ reported a decrease in the volume of waste sent to the
                  state's landfills of 6 percent. from last year. Part of which is attributable to
                  a 10 percent drop In the volume of waste originating out-of-state.
                  Imported waste plays a significant role since it accounts for 29 percent of
                  all landfllled waste in the state . 19 percent of all waste comes from
                  Canada alone. That volume has dropped in accordance with a deal made
                  in 2006 between Michigan Senators Levin and Stabenow and the province
                  of Ontario to voluntarily stop shipments from Toronto and surrounding
                  communities Into Michigan by 2010. At Its peak in 2003, Toronto shipped
                  142 truckloads of waste per day to Michigan. It now averages 80 truck
                  shipments per day.. . Read More >o


                4. CONNECTICUT TO ADD 110 MEGAWATTS OF RENEWABLE
                   POWER
                  The Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control has granted final
                  approval to seven renewable energy projects that will provide the state
                  with nearly 110 megawatts of power. They include three fuel cell projects,
                  three biomass projects, including a 3-megawatt cow manure-powered
                  biomass plant, and a methane gas project at a Norwalk landfill. The six
                  fuel cells required to power three of the projects will be built by FuelCell
                  Energy Inc. of Danbury at the company's 65,000-square-foot
                  manufacturing plant in Torrington... Read More))


                               ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                Directory & Atlas of Non- Hazardous Waste Sites
                                                                                     oireewre d
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is                WW. Preflmi r
                                                                                     Di.wY s,.,, 2$o




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011482
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 4


                 the only directory of Its kind and is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
                 facility database of over 7,400 waste processing and disposal facilities
                 across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites Is a powerful
                 research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
                 operating profiles of all landfills , waste-to-energy plants , materials recovery
                 facilities , construction & demolition landfills , transfer stations, composting
                 operations and more throughout the entire US. [Learn More...)


                 5. OAHU HAWAII REPORTS LOWER RECYCLING RATE
                   The Island of Oahu Hawaii reported that its recycling rate for 2006 fell to
                   31 percent from 41 percent In 2005 and 35 percent in 2004. The island
                   generated about 1.8 million tons last year of which just over 500 thousand
                   tons were diverted through recycling and reuse programs. Officials are
                   uncertain about the cause but speculate that a larger proportion of
                   construction and demolition wastes would result in a lower recycling rate
                   since these streams are more difficult to recycle. Last month, the island
                   announced plans to expand Its waste-to-energy plant and to ship more
                   waste to the mainland in order to preserve space at Its Waimanalo Gulch
                   landfill which Is needed over the long term to dispose of Incinerator ash
                   from the plant... Read More s


                6. ECOLAB TO ACQUIRE PROVIDER OF ENERGY , WATER AND
                   EFFLUENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS
                   Ecolab says it has agreed to acquire Ecovation, a Rochester, NY-based
                   provider of renewable energy technology and effluent management
                   systems for the food and beverage industry, for approximately $210
                   million. Ecolab will then sell approximately $40 million of long- term lease
                   receivables following the transaction . Ecovation's technology reduces plant
                   operation costs by capturing energy from plant waste . It also helps food
                   and beverage processors comply with regulatory requirements. "While an
                   emerging market , the potential for such complete plant solutions is
                   substantial , with the U.S. food and beverage market opportunity alone
                   exceeding $4 billion," according to Ecolab's chairman, president, and CEO
                   Douglas M. Baker, Jr. Ecovation reported 2007 sales of approximately $50
                   million, and is expected to post 2008 revenues of over $100 million.
                   Ecolab says the acquisition will be dilutive to earnings by up to $0.01 per
                   share this year, but will be accretive to earnings in 2009 and
                   thereafter... Read More 


                7. SHARPS COMPLIANCE REPORTS SHARP INCREASE IN 2Q
                   BILLINGS
                   Medical waste disposal firm Sharps Compliance Corp. said that second
                   quarter revenues and customer billings were up by nearly 20 percent.
                   Revenue increased by 18% to $3.75 million from $3.2 million in the
                   corresponding quarter last year. The Houston-based company provides
                   disposal solutions for small quantity generators of medical waste which
                   Includes mail-in programs and a proprietary audit system.. .Read More))


                8. ANSI APPROVES NEW WASTE INDUSTRY STANDARDS
                  The American National Standards Institute (ANSI) has approved three
                  new waste industry standards covering containers and safety
                  requirements based on recommendations set fourth by the Waste
                  Equipment Technology Association (WASTEC). According to Gary
                  Satterfield, executive vice president of WASTEC, "ANSI standards provide
                  a base line on safety for manufacturers and users that ensures a level
                  playing field and an overall understanding on how to handle
                  equipment, ".. Read More))




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011483
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                     Page 4 of 4


                  Waste Market Overview &            8hre of the Waste Nlunagameat Indus"
                  Outlook                            Hlslolksal and Pnted
                                                     lbox"dO
                  The Waste Market Overview
                  examines the industry top to
                  bottom covering waste
                  generation , collection,
                  processing , recovery and
                  disposal by revenue and
                  volume . The report details the
                  relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal , and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  Market Revenues by Segment
                  Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                  Collection , Processing and Disposal Markets
                  Geographic Distribution of the Market
                  Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                  Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                  Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                  Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste Industry and publishes a i
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego , CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190
                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                 'UNSUBSCRIBE
                  This email was sent to office_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                  Update Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscribeT" I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WBl has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0011484
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Untitled Document                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
                 Sent:      Wednesday, February 06, 2008 9:34 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: March 5, Examples of Excelencia Breakfast Briefing



                 From: Excelencia in Education [mailto:Excelencia@mail.democracyinaction.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 6:44 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: March 5, Examples of Excelencla Breakfast Briefing




                   E
                   x




                            Accelerating Latino Student Success in Higher Education
                                                              March 5, 2008
                                                            8:30 to 10: 00 a.m.
                                                      340 Cannon House Office Bldg

                                                               First and C Streets, SE


                                 Keynote: U.S. Representative Joe Baca , Chair, Congressional Hispanic Caucus
                                                            Offered in cooperation with
                                                      U.S. Representative Ruben Hinojosa
                                                     U.S. Representative Charles Gonzalez

                     Excelencia in Education will host a breakfast briefing and showcase to honor the 2007 Examples of
                     Excelencia : programs and institutional departments demonstrating evidence of accelerating Latino
                     success in higher education . The briefing will include an update on the status of achievement for Latino
                     students in higher education and a discussion of the important work being done by the 2007 Examples of
                     Excelencia and how that work is helping to enhance America's competitiveness by improving
                     opportunities and outcomes for the nation's fastest-growing student population.

                        Deborah Santiago , Vice President for Policy and Research, Excelencia in Education




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0011485
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Untitled Document                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                           Representatives from 2007 Examples of Excelencia programs:
                                o Enlace Program, Evergreen Valley College, San Jose, Calif. (Associate)
                                o Compact for Success, San Diego State University, San Diego, Calif. (Baccalaureate)
                                o Psychological Services for Spanish Speaking Populations (PSSSP) Certificate,
                                   Department of Psychology, Our Lady of the Lake University, San Antonio, Texas
                                   (Graduate)
                           Closing Comments
                                o Jorge Haynes, The California State University, Chancellor's Office
                                o Santa E. Brown , President, Excelencia In Education


                                                             Please RSVP to Attend

                                       Made possible through the support of sponsors and contributors including:




                                     The 2008 Examples of Excelencia nomination period will close April 30, 2008.
                                  Learn more about this national campaign to promote what works for Latino students.




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0011486
