Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov. sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, February 06, 2008 3:07 PM
             To:                      Wheeler; Gary R (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Security

             Thank you Gary. I think we've got some solutions here, I appreciated Mr. Nizich presenting
             me with documents that show Security Service can be provided the First Family, not just
             the Gov, so we got that covered today to arm me against state employees (and school
             district employees, evidently) who've been complaining about any ride provided Willow,
             specifically.



             Bigger issue is number of Security staff. My direction is to reduce even further, as we're
             reducng costs in other areas of state government too. I spoke with Mr. Nizich on this
             today and it sounds like steps can be in the works toward this end. An on-call security
             staffer in Anchorage, and one in Juneau, should really be able to provide the service that
             would be most helpful and cost efficient for the state.



             I've asked Mr. Nizich to work on this, he 'll contact you further.



             Thanks again for your assurance that I am following law and proper proceedure with
             utilizing security. It was helpful to see Mr. Nizich's documents on this today.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Wheeler, Gary R (GOV)" <gary.wheeler@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 14:25:38

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Security




             As the detail commander, I am not aware of any of my people complaining about their duties
             or responsibilities to you or the first family, if anything your requirements have been
             far below what we have provided in the past and I hope that wouldn't make anyone unhappy.
             Obviously, my concern and responsibility as the supervisor of this detail is for your
             safety and that of the first family and Lord help me if something were to happen to you or
             a member of your family under my watch.



             To date, every function we have performed for you and past Governors has been legal, above
             board morally and ethically. I will not nor have I ever sanctioned anything that would be
             illegal or perceived as such. It is this details responsibility to ensure you and the
             first family's security and safety in all aspects. This certainly is a broad description
             but it does cover the "Safe" transportation of your children at your request. Every
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011499
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Governor in the past has utilized us at one time or another to provide "safe"
             transportation for their children or grand children and we have and will perform that
             function happily .  I have also had this discussion with many of the other 49 details and
             they too provide security and safe transportation for the first family.



             The level of security to you and your family is strictly your decision and I have always
             respected that .   I would only ask, that on occasion , I have a closer dialog with you
             rather than e-mail .  I believe you can convey your message to me easier and I can respond,
             I did however have no problem understanding your latest e-mail.



             On a personal side , you're an extremely thoughtful person as it pertains to security
             staff , their hours and duties and I admire that human side.



             Respectfully

             Gary




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011500
