Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWINJ
              Sent:                    Wednesday, February 06, 2008 9:23 PM
              To:                      'gov.sarahtyahoo.com'
              Subject:                 Re: Conversation with Gene Therriault


              Governor,  Marty keeps telling me those of us from Fairbanks are strange-must be the
              water.  You still had to have had a good interview with the editorial board yesterday.
              Good comments today.



              My flight got cancelled just a while ago. Will travel to Anchorage in the morning.
              Talked with Pat a long time, we have to get going on energy and give you and Alaskans
              some results.  Tom.



              ----- Original message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Wed Feb 06 20:46:02 2008

              Subject: Re: Conversation with Gene Therriault



             I was just interviewed by the enitre ed bd yesterday, I'd offered to meet with them when
             I'm in town on a saturday but wasn't going to make a special weekday trip just to see them
               but I had been offering to speak with them sooner rather than later if they so desired.
             So, Sharon and I had to push for, and invite myself, into an interview with them.

             I left yesterday's interview on the phone with my suggestion that I stop in next weekend
             when I'm up there if they had further questions - they didn't take me up on that offer.



             Also, last time I net with the bd I thought I was doing them a favor by having three
             gasline folks with me because our guys were in town that day for AGIA meetings - turned
             out that they used it against me in their follow-up editorial by stating I didn't have any
             answers and had to look to my two commissioners for answers.



             So, there's always another side to the story, even from what Gene relayed to you.



             Appreciate your offer to accompany me, but I learned my lesson on having anyone with mein
             interviews with them. In fact yesterday I did the interview alone so they couldn't
             criticize that aspect of my interview.



             In my ADN ed bd interviews they' ve been astonished that I' ve come alone ,             saying no other
             Gov ever did that - so Fairbanks folks are strange in that way.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011550
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              And I'll keep defending AGIA guys re: their relationship with producers. It's not
              adversarial , and there ' s only been the one back - and-forth exchange - and it was
              appropriate for me to answer CP's criticism of our rejection of their " plan ". My letter
              set the record straight.



                  Privile
              Re:          I'm not going to micro-manage Sharon as she interviews candidates for Comm, but
              it wou      be great if that worked out andipriyl^ chose to work there , if everyone ' s on the
              same page and'Privileged or Personal Material Redacted           ___J ... and if she really
              wants to do it. The j ob descript^nbe tweaked to tit her strengths.

              Sent from my BlackBerry e device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



              Date : Wed, 06 Feb 2008 19:56:25

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject : Conversation with Gene Therriault




              Had a good talk today with Gene that I wanted to share with you from:



             1. Senate Minority wants to work cooperatively with the Administration on keeping spending
             down . I urged him to begin working with Mike and Karen before he comes to see you on this.
             He's likely to start talking about a total GF limit on this year's budget. (I'm pushing
             that with Mike T ., and now with Gene T.)



             2. Gene had heard that you might be in Fairbanks on Feb. 15. He had a conversation with
             Dermot Cole and one other editor at the News Miner who were grousing that you never come
             to see them. They asked if they could see you the next time you are in town "without the
             posse " of gasline people. [Frankly, I'd like to go to that with you if I could. I think
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             3. He also wanted to warn against the gasline team taking an antagonistic posture towards
             producers. He seemed to be counseling us not to get in a back and forth of letters and to
             continue getting out the word of your meetings with Bowles to "listen."



             That's what I have!!




                                                                  2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0011551
