Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Wednesday, February 06, 2008 2:04 PM
             To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject :               Re: Ivy Frye

            Security drops off the kids only when I can't... and a clearer picture is this: Piper is
            in the car with me, with security - sometimes I get dropped off first, sometimes she gets
            dropped off first - it's all one loop of a drive in the mornings. She rides the public
            school bus home after school - it doesn't stop at the house though, it stops a block away
            from the capitol (and I haven't used my position to request any different bus drop-off
            point that would be more convenient) - I don't ask Security to pick her up at the bus
            stop, she walks and I meet her or Security looks down the street to make sure she got off
            the bus.



            No one helps with Bristol or Track or Todd - we don't ask for rides or anything else for
            them - that's why we had our personal vehicle down here last year for Bristol.



            Willow gets a ride from security in the morning for school, but I told Fred no more of
            that. These guys are paid a full-time salary though, they don't have a lot to do, so
            they've always offered their service for instance to drop Willow off at school, I think so
            they won't be so bored. They don't take her to basketball or other activities though.



            And they've now showed me documents that they've provided this security service for other
            Gov's families going all the way back to Hammond (it's as far a records go).



            Diane, who works at the house, said the house staff was always expected and happy to
            provide rides and do errands for First Family kids when Knowles was there - but we do not
            ask Diane or anyone else to give rides to our kids. Once in awhile Erika's daughter (who
            is a friend of Willow's) invites Willow and Piper to hang out with her after school. They
            go to an art class and sometimes Erika (after hours) takes them to the pound to look at
            puppies. I've also paid Erika's daughter $10 a few rare times (three times this session)
            to walk Piper from the bus stop to the house and hang with her until I get there.



            I told Security I will not be using their service to drop Willow off in the mornings. We
            will not let any open door to potential, perceived abuse of the priviledge of having
            Security provide that service.



            You don't need to get into any more details with Andrew on this, please don't. But know
            that I will be using Security less and less - and continue not using house staff - to
            squash unnecessary speculation and criticism. Confidentially, Nizich is working on cutting
            the Security detail in half. At the most we need one guy in Juneau, one guy in Anchorage.
            He's working on that now. So we'll have gone from six-plus security guys when I first got
            here, down to two at the most. And House staff has been reduced, too, of course... and
            we'll keep trying to find ways of living more efficiently - if it's possible to reduce
            House staff further, then we will.



            We're still too nice in response to Halcro. He is a liar.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011507
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date : Wed, 06 Feb 2008 12:37:51

             To:Andrew Halcro <ahalcrooptialaska.net>

             Subject: RE: Ivy Frye




            Andrew-



            The Governor's security detail takes the two younger children to school. This falls under
            the security detail services provided to First Families dating back to the Hammond
            Administration.



            Other questions-



            The total attorney fees that have been paid out are.: Roughly $25K on the Terry Cark case
            and less than $7K on Joe VanTreek's. The deductible is 25K per case and insurance will
            cover the rest.  We have met the deductible on Terry Clark' s case.



            Joe Austerman never been paid by Mat Maid. It was never discussed ; it never happened.  He
            was selected to be the liaison between the board and the task force . I know the
            legislative audit looked into this issue and found no such payments. I don't think the
            audit has been released yet, but Monica French from Legislative Audit can confirm this.
            561-1445 x110.  Senator Green may also be able to confirm this.



            Regarding Ralph Carney, Board of Agriculture asked Pete Ginder to call several reputable
            accounting firms and find out how much they would charge to go into Mat Maid and get us
            some financial information that the task force was requesting and that they needed as a
            board.   Pete reported to the board that the range was $170-$250 plus an hour and none of
            them could get to it right away .  The Ag board asked Ralph , since he was a CPA, if he
            would be willing on a temporary basis to go to Mat Maid and get the financial information
            that the Task Force needed and the board needed to make decisions about how to move
            forward.   He agreed to do it for M of the lowest per hour cost that Pete could find and he
            said he could do it right away. Ralph worked part time on this during July and August.




            Thanks in advance for the retractions. And again - shoot me an email anytime you need
            something verified.



                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0011508
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sharon




            From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcro@ptialaska.net]

              Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 10:17 AM

             To: I,eighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Subject: Re: Ivy Frye




            Sharon,




            I'll take the post down but tell me, is there any truth that any state employee has
            shuttled the governor's children to school?




            This came from unrelated sources so I'd like to know it they have given me bad
            information.




            Also, can you tell me how much the state has paid in legal fees so far ,        to defend
            Matanuska Maid against the lawsuits by the two former executives?




            Thanks.




                                                            3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011509
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Andrew



             ----- Original Message -----



             From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)



            To: Andrew Halcro



            Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 8:50 AM



            Subject: RE: Ivy Frye




            Thanks Andrew-



            I would definitely take the Ivy posting down- she doesn't even have a vehicle! As for the
            others - I will get you backup information.



            Again - thanks




            From: Andrew Halcro (mailto:ahalcro@ptialaska.net]

             Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 9:02 PM

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Subject: Re: Ivy Frye




            Hi Sharon,




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011510
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I only posted that comment about Ivy after I had confirmed it with three different
             sources. In fact this story has been out there for months including some school employees
             who wondered why state employees were shuttling kids to school on state time.




             if you are telling me it is not true then I will retract the comment.




             As far as Mat Maid, I have been getting information from very reliable sources and had no
             reason to doubt the comment about Joe Austerman moonlighting at Mat Maid . And for Ralph
             Carney's salary, I had several confirmations that his hourly wage was higher than what Van
             Treek ' s average hourly wage was.




             Again, if you'd like to provide me with additional information I have no problem
             retracting what I considered reasonable posts.




             Hope all is well. I saw your sister two weeks ago and she looks great.




             Cheers!




            Andrew



            249-82370



            248-9580H


                                                          5




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011511
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             360-1129C




              --- Original Message -----



             From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)



             To: Andrew Halcro



             Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 3:34 PM



            Subject: Ivy Frye




            Hi Andrew-



            I just read your most recent blog item regarding Ivy Frye and I feel compelled to respond.
              Ivy has never "shuttled" the Governor's children to school on state time-or any other
            time.  Furthermore, she has never even been asked to baby sit the Palin children. Where
            do you get this stuff? Leaving your readers with the impression that Governor Palin uses
            her staff for personal business is outrageous. In fairness, I think you should retract
            the erroneous information that was posted.   Andrew, I have noticed many errors in your
            blog postings - especially items dealing with Mat Maid. I just shake my head when I read
            posts such as the one about Joe Austerman getting paid twice or the one about Mat Maid
            hiring a new CEO who was getting paid more than Mr. Van Treek etc. I feel posting
            misinformation is a great disservice to Alaskans. If you ever need clarification on
            anything, I hope you know you can always call me.



            Thanks,

            Sharon

            240 7943




                                                          6




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011512
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From : Andrew Halcro    [ mailto:ahalcro@ptialaska.net]

              Sent : Friday, September 14, 2007 8:27 AM

              To: Leighow , Sharon W (GOV)

              Subject : Re: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




            Sharon,




            Thanks.




            Andrew




            ----- Original Message -----




            From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)




            To: Andrew Halcro




            Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2007 11:10 AM




            Subject: RE: Andrew _ Here is the response to the question posed Monday




                                                               7
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Again, the FBI declined to share its evidence with the Department of Law, but we continue
            to monitor the evidence coming out in the trials.



            The Governor has NOT said the whole legislative process has been tainted .   However, the
            outcome has been colored by the guilty pleadings of two executives and the actions of a
            few legislators . That does not make the Legislature as a whole guilty.    Here's what she
            had to say last week:



                       "Aside from the corruption scandal where oil service company     executives have
            plead guilty to bribing certain lawmakers for a particular     oil tax outcome last year,
            and of course those corruption trials beginning            tomorrow, there's been a lot
            discussion out there in the public on that issue .  There were obviously some lawmakers
            engaging in activities their           fellow lawmakers did not condone regarding the oil
            taxes and we have         many fine Alaskans serving in our Legislature.  They're serving
            for the     right reasons and I do look forward to working with these legislators in     the
            coming weeks -and months-on new oil taxes."



            The audio file is attached.




            Best - Sharon




            From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcro@ptialaska.net]

             Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 6:36 PM

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Subject: Re: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




            Sharon,




            Thanks so much for the quick response.



                                                           8




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011514
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            So just so I'm correct , no internal   investigation has been done but the administration
            still feels the indictment of three    lawmakers proves the whole legislative process was
            tainted. (I don't want to put words    in your mouth but I'm trying to relay the truth as
            succinctly as possible . Let me know   if I'm off base .... and yes that is an open ended offer
            regarding any subject :) .




            Also just a reminder if the governor has some time on Tuesday, I'd be honored to have her
            on as a guest on Mike Porcaro's talk radio program.




            Thanks.




            Andrew



            ----- Original Message -----



            From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)



            To: ahalcro@andrewhalcro.com



            Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 2:23 PM



            Subject: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




            The Department of Law requested access to the evidence gathered by the Federal Bureau of
            Investigation.  That access was denied. We do not wish to hamper their investigations or
            prosecutions.  In the meantime, we continue to monitor the evidence presented in the
            trials.  Nevertheless, we do not comment on investigations.




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0011515
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             In this case , the public does have the plea agreements and testimonials from Rick Smith
             and Bill Allen.   They have admitted to taking illegal actions to corrupt the outcome of
             the legislative process .  Additional evidence is referenced in those documents as well as
             the indictments of the 3 former legislators.



             Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director



             (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage

             (907) 465 - 4031 Juneau

             (907) 240-4973 cell




            No virus found in this incoming message.

             Checked by AVG Free Edition.

             Version:   7.5.485   / Virus Database :   269.13 . 16/1004 - Release Date :    9/12/2007 5:22 PM




            No virus found in this incoming message.

             Checked by AVG Free Edition.

             Version: 7.5.487 / Virus Database: 269.13.18/1007 - Release Date: 9/13/2007 9:48 PM




            No virus found in this incoming message.

             Checked by AVG Free Edition.

             Version: 7.5.516 / Virus Database: 269.19.20/1261 -           Release Date: 2/5/2008 8:57 PM




            ----------------




                                                                10




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011516
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             No virus found in this incoming message.

              Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version : 7.5.516 / Virus Database : 269.19.20/1261 - Release Date: 2/5/2008 8:57 PM




                                                          11




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011517
