Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, February 06, 2008 10:44 AM
             To:                      Perry; Kristine Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Todd; Frank Bailey; Fagerstrom; Erika
                                      (GOV); Wheeler; Gary R (GOV); Cooper; George F (DPS); Cockrell; Robert A (GOV); Lopez;
                                      Thomas M (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                 Security/staff, Halcro


             It's hard to believe school staff would have commented, certainly they'd have no
             complaints re: anything being done unethically because nothing is being done unethically.
             Security just confirmed to me again that they've always served the entire first family. I
             told them, AGAIN, I want that in writing.



              I also just told Fred that I will do here in Juneau like I do in Anchorage - use Security
             very minimally, drive myself (esp when the kids are with me so no one perceives any abuse
             of priviledge). Here in Juneau I will drive the vechicle that is parked in the Gov's House
             garage and not ask for rides. I am also trying to use the house staff as minimally as
             possible (don't want them working any overtime, am not asking them to stay to clean up
             after events, etc... we as a family - and I personally - am doing as much of this as
             possible).



             There are too many other issues to have to worry about with my job - this type of issue
             must be cleared from my plate, and will be cleared, by not using Security as it's been
             (evidently) used in the past and accepted as common practice . This also brings up the
             matter of how many Security staffers are necessary , and I'd like Mike Nizich to work
             through that issue and bring me a recommendation.



             The complaints that are brewing re: my family's use of Security should have been
             addressed, in writing, some time ago (when the criticism began), as it's an unnecessary
             burden and a timesink to continue to have to worry about this.



            I feel I've had to defend myself on this for months, and because others have advised that
            I just ignore it, I apologize for sounding curt on this but I do want it addressed, I do
            want recognition that my family is under a sharper microscope than evidently past Gov's
            family were, and we can't ignore that. We also need to come to terms with Security staff
            numbers and assignments to be fair to those Alaskans who are concerned about my family
            utilizing"Security services that were offered (but scaled way back) since my election.



            Another disturbing comment brought to my attention by an administrator this                    morning is
            that the only ones who could be complaining about this would be either staff                   at the house,
            or Security staffers. I don't believe that could be the case, especially not                   with house
            staffers because I am confident I don't ask them to do anything out of their                   specific job
            descriptions.



            Mr. Nizich: pis work through the issue of Security, including the number and location of
            necessary staffers, and the policies regarding allowing my kids to be with me in
            vechicles, etc. Pis make sure it's fine that I drive the Gov's House vehicle to/from work
            and wherever else I need to go while in Juneau.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0011537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sharon: pis work to dispel any misperception that's out there, those rumors that have
             been spewed re : state employees "complaining", and state employees' duties and
             relationship with the First Family.



             Erika: again. we'll be ever vigilant to make sure no one can even be perceived as going
             outside their job description re: cooking or anything else at the house that they weren't
             hired to do.



             Thanks , hopefully this will be quickly resolved . so no one's left guessing what' s legal,
             what' s not re : Security services provided by the State. Thank you.



             Final note: if there are ever complaints by state staff that Willow and Piper stop in my
             office for a quick visit after school before they had to.the hosue, that will be the
             kicker here. I've hard just one rumble about that - bttt if there are more, please let me
             know and I'll speak to whomever has a-problem with my allowance of the girls visiting me
             here. They shall continue to visit me here as often as they'd like to.

             Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 09:29:21

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Sharon Leighow <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,K Perry
             <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>,Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>, Ivy
             personal <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>

             Subject: RE: Ivy Frye and Halcro




            Sharon, I provided that list yesterday that can be used and I continue to search his blog
            for additional lies. Kristan provided some good ones last night too. It should be a large
            laundry list. Kristan and I will be talking this morning so I'll enlist further
            assistance . What chaps my #$+! Is that school employees also commented/wondered.
            Vnflippin' believable. What I wouldn't give to know his sources.



             -----Original Message-----

            From :   " gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: "Sharon Leighow" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; "K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>;
            "Todd" <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>; "Ivy personal"
            <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>

            Sent :   2/6/2008 9:15 AM

            Subject : Re: Ivy Frye and Halcro




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0011538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Because these ARE lies, he must retract.

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 08:52:20

             To:gov. sarah@yahoo .com, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@ alaska .gov>, Todd
             <fek9wnr@yahoo . com>, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Ivy Frye and Halcro




             Andrew emailed me last night. See below. I may be able to make some progress.




             From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcro©ptialaska.net]

              Sent: Tuesday, February 05, 2008 9:02 PM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             .Subject: Re: Ivy Frye




            Hi Sharon,




            I only posted that comment about Ivy after I had confirmed it with three different
            sources . In fact this story has been out there for months including some school employees
            who wondered why state employees were shuttling kids to school on state time.




            If you are telling me it is not true then I will retract the comment.
                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0011539
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             As far as Mat Maid , I have been getting information from very reliable sources and had no
             reason to doubt the comment about Joe Austerman moonlighting at Mat Maid. And for Ralph
             Carney's salary, I had several confirmations that his hourly wage was higher than what Van
             Treek's average hourly wage was.




             Again, if you ' d like to provide me with additional information I have no problem
             retracting what I considered reasonable posts.




             Hope all is well . I saw your sister two weeks ago and she looks great.




             Cheers!




             Andrew



             249-82370




             248-9580H




             360-1129C




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011540
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              --- Original message -----



             From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)



             To: Andrew Halcro



             Sent : Tuesday, February 05 ,     2008 3:34 PM



             Subject : Ivy Frye




             Hi Andrew-



            I just read your most recent blog item regarding Ivy Frye and I feel compelled to respond.
            Ivy has never "shuttled" the Governor's children to school on state time-or any other
            time . Furthermore , she has never even been asked to baby sit the Palin children. Where
            do you get this stuff? Leaving your readers with the impression that Governor Palin uses
            her staff for personal business is outrageous .  In fairness , I think you should retract
            the erroneous information that was posted .  Andrew , I have noticed many errors in your
            blog postings - especially items dealing with mat Maid. I just shake my head when I read
            posts such as the one about Joe Austerman getting paid twice or the one about Mat Maid
            hiring a new CEO who was getting paid more than Mr. Van Treek etc. I feel posting
            misinformation is a great disservice to Alaskans.    If you ever need clarification on
            anything,.I hope you know you can always call me.



            Thanks,

            Sharon

            240 7943




                                                                5




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011541
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcro®ptialaska.net]

               Sent: Friday, September 14, 2007 8:27 AM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

               Subject: Re: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




             Sharon,




             Thanks.




             Andrew



             ----- Original Message -----



             From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)



             To: Andrew Halcro



             Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2007 11:10 AM




            Subject: RE: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




            Again, the FBI declined to share its evidence with the Department of Law, but we continue
            to monitor the evidence coming out in the trials.



            The Governor has NOT said the whole legislative process has been tainted .   However, the
            outcome has been colored by the guilty pleadings of two executives and the actions of a
            few legislators . That does not make the Legislature as a whole guilty.    Here ' s what she
            had to say last week:


                                                           6




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011542
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       "Aside from the corruption scandal where oil service company      executives have
             plead guilty to bribing certain lawmakers for a particular     oil tax outcome last year,
             and of course those corruption trials beginning            tomorrow, there's been a lot
             discussion out there in the public on that issue. There were obviously some lawmakers
             engaging in activities their          fellow lawmakers did not condone regarding the oil
             taxes and we have        many fine Alaskans serving in our Legislature.   They're serving
             for the    right reasons and I do look forward to working with these legislators in     the
             coming weeks-and months-on new oil taxes."



             The audio file is attached.




             Best - Sharon




             From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahalcrooptialaska.net]

              Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 6:36 PM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Subject: Re: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




             Sharon,




             Thanks so much for the quick response.




            So just so I'm correct, no internal investigation has been done but the administration
            still feels the indictment of three lawmakers proves the whole legislative process was
            tainted. (I don't want to put words in your mouth but I'm trying to relay the truth as
            succinctly as possible. Let me know if I'm off base .... and yes that is an open ended offer
            regarding any subject :) .




                                                            7




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011543
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Also just a reminder if the governor has some time on Tuesday, I'd be honored to have her
             on as a guest on Mike Porcaro 's talk radio program:




             Thanks.




             Andrew



             ----- Original Message -----



             From : Leighow , Sharon W (GOV)



             To: ahalcro@ andrewhalcro.com



             Sent :   Wednesday ,   September 12, 2007 2:23 PM




             Subject : Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday




             The Department of Law requested access to the evidence gathered by the Federal Bureau of
             Investigation .  That access was denied .  We do not wish to hamper their investigations or
             prosecutions .  In the meantime , we continue to monitor the evidence presented in the
             trials . Nevertheless , we do not comment on investigations.



             In this case , the public does have the plea agreements and testimonials from Rick Smith
             and Bill Allen. They have admitted to taking illegal actions to corrupt the outcome of
             the legislative process .  Additional evidence is referenced in those documents as well as
             the indictments of the 3 former legislators.



            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director


                                                                 8




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0011544
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              (907) 269-7450 Anchorage

              (907) 465 -4031 Juneau

              (907) 240-4973 cell




             No virus found in this incoming message.

              Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version : 7.5.485 / Virus Database ; 269.13 . 16/1004 - Release Date :       9/12/2007 5:22 PM




             No virus found in this incoming message.

              Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version :   7.5.487 / Virus Database: 269.13 . 18/1007   - Release Date :    9/13/2007 9:48 PM




             No virus found in this incoming message.

              Checked by AVG Free Edition.

              Version: 7.5.516 / Virus Database: 269.19.20/1261 -        Release Date :    2/5/2008 8:57 PM




                                                              9




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0011545
