Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, February 06, 2008 9:11 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Conversation with Gene Therriault


             Just busy, and wanting you to know I'm trying to keep some of this under control and doing
             all I can to be accessible to press and public.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 21:04:42

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Re: Conversation with Gene Therriault




             YIKESI Sometimes I hit a nerve with what I report hearing. Thanks for giving me the other
             side too. :)




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To; PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Wed Feb 06 20:46:02 2008

              Subject: Re: Conversation with Gene Therriault



             I was just interviewed by the enitre ed bd yesterday, I'd offered to meet with them when
            I'm in town on a Saturday but wasn't going to make a special weekday trip just to see them
            - but I had been offering to speak with them sooner rather than later if they so desired.
            So, Sharon and I had to push for, and invite myself, into an interview with them.

             I left yesterday's interview on the phone with my suggestion that I stop in next weekend
            when I'm up there if they had further questions - they didn't take me up on that offer.



             Also, last time I     met with the bd I thought I was doing them a favor by having three
            gasline folks with     me because our guys were in town that day for AGIA meetings - turned
            out that they used     it against me in their follow-up editorial by stating I didn't have any
            answers and had to     look to my two commissioners for answers.




                                                                  i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011553
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               So, there's always another side to the story, even from what Gene relayed to you.



               Appreciate your offer to accompany me, but I learned my lesson on having anyone with me
              in interviews with them . In fact yesterday I did the interview alone so they couldn't
              criticize that aspect of my interview.



              In my ADN ed bd interviews they ' ve been astonished that I've come alone, saying no other
             Gov ever did that - so Fairbanks folks are strange in that way.



              And I'll keep defending AGIA guys re: their relationship with producers . It's not
             adversarial , and there ' s only been the one back - and-forth exchange - and it was
             appropriate for me to answer CP's criticism of our rejection of their "plan ". My letter
             set the record straight.



              Re: Pnvile I'm not going to micro-manage Sharon as she interviews candidates for Comm, but
             it would be great if that worked out and            chose to work there , if everyone ' s on the
             same page and Erivile ed or Personal Material Redacted                     and if she really
             wants to .do it.    e o descrip t ion can be tweaked t o         er s rengths.

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



              Date :   Wed, 06 Feb 2008 19:56:25

              To: gov . saraheyahoo.com

              Subject : Conversation with Gene Therriault




              Had a good talk today with Gene that I wanted to share with you from:



             1. Senate Minority wants to work cooperatively with the Administration on keeping
            spending down. I urged him to begin working with Mike and Karen before he comes to see you
            on this. He's likely to start talking about a total GF limit on this year's budget. (I'm
            pushing that with Mike T., and now with Gene T.)



              2. Gene had heard that you might be in Fairbanks on Feb. 15. He had a conversation with
             Dermot Cole and one other editor at the News Miner who were grousing that you never come
             to see them. They asked if they could see you the next time you are in town "without the
             posse" of gasline people. [Frankly, I'd like to o to that with you if I could. I think
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0011554
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               3. He also wanted to warn against the gasline team taking an antagonistic posture towards
              producers. He seemed to be counseling us not to get in a back and forth of letters and to
              continue getting out the word of your meetings with Bowles to "listen."



               That's what I have!!




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011555
