Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Jackson, Karleen K (HSS) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KKJACKSON]
             Sent:                   Thursday, February 07, 2008 1:53 PM
             To:                     'gov.sarah c@yahoo.com'; Mason; Janice L (GOV); McBride; Rhonda (GOV); Kim; Anna C
                                     (GOV)
             Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: Mt. Edgecumbe Suicide: Briefing


            I echo the Governor' s comments , and grieve the loss of this young woman. However, we have
            made slow, steady progress this past year, and although we still have tons of work to do,
            as this sad case shows , there is a glimmer of progress because our suicide rating in the
            nation is now #3 rather than #1, which it was for many years.



            Our support for communities and familes has also improved and we are working together
            across agencies more effectively.



            Again, lots more to do, and even one suicide is a tragedy that touches all Alaskans.
            Thanks for helping us address this.



            Karleen



             ----- Original message -----

            From :    gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV); McBride, Rhonda (GOV);           Jackson,      Karleen K ( HSS); Kim, Anna C
            (GOV)

            Cc: Nizich, Michael.A.(GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Thu Feb 07 13:42:02 2008

            Subject: Re: Mt. Edgecumbe Suicide: Briefing



            Rhonda- thank you for the message. We're working on the letters. This is so tragic. We've
            beefed up our Suicide Prevention initiatives since we got in here, after it seemed
            Murkowski let some of that mission falter (is what I've been told). Karleen Jackson
            and/or Anna can give more insight into our efforts in our first year.




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0011597
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Date : Thu, 07 Feb 2008 08:54:32

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: FW : Mt. Edgecumbe Suicide:       Briefing




             Governor - I am forwarding this to you as requested by Rhonda.  I know that you aware of
             this and we have already taken steps to get letters out. Janice




             From: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

              Sent :   Wednesday ,   February 06, 2008 5:49 PM

              To: michael.,nizich@alaska.gov; Mike Tibbles (michael. tibbles@alaska .gov); Kim, Anna C
             (GOV); Mason , Janice L (GOV)

              Cc: Monegan , Walt C (DPS); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Sandoval, Tammy K (HSS);
             tara .jolllie@alaska.gov; Wilken, Jessica M (GOV)

              Subject: Mt. Edgecumbe Suicide: Briefing




            Please pass this on to the Governor....



            This week the Suicide Prevention Council is meeting in Juneau. This tragedy might be a
            topic of, conversation.  The tragedy gives insight into an issue that has dogged our state
            for decades.   It underscores the need for more suicide prevention awareness.



            Please keep in mind that some of this information is confidential but provided for
            context.



            MT. EDGECUMBE SUICIDE:        Background Information obtained from Mt. Edgecumbe Supt. Bill
            Denkinger




            Tel: (907) 966-3201.        Fax: (907) 966-2442




            On Monday, February 4th,    a sixteen-year-old student at Mt. Edgecumbe attempted to
            strangle herself in her dormitory room.   A dorm attendant found her, as she was making

                                                                 2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0011598
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             rounds before " lights outs " at 10 : 30pm . Students watched as Rachelle George was rushed
             out in a gurney .  She died the next day at Mount Edgecumbe Hospital.



             Rachelle ' s hometown is listed as Bethel .   Mt. Edgecumbe ' s superintendent says she has been
             LPrivileged or Personal for the past few years.   Her mother is from Akiachak and did not have
             custody.



             As I talked with Superintendent Bill Denkinger over the phone , his voice choked back
             grief . He spoke softly as he recollected how Rachelle did well in school - that she
             earned mostly B's, a few A ' s and one C +. He said she had a beautiful singing voice.



             Teachers and staffers knew that Rachelle had a " horrendous childhood ." One sign of the
             instability in her life :  Rachelle recently met a half sister at Mt. Edgecumbe , a sister
             she never knew about.



             Denkinger says there were suicides the 1940's and 1950 ' s when the BIA managed the Mt.
             Edgecumbe , but there haven ' t been any since then -- so suicide hasn ' t been on the school's
             radar screen.



            As for Rachelle , school and dorm staffers did not suspect she was on the verge of suicide.
              She was seen shortly before her death appearing calm , giving no sign of emotional.
            turmoil . But the evidence suggests she had been planning it for some time.



            During the Christmas holidays, Rachelle used all the money she had been gifted with to buy
            candy and "goodies" for others.    She also left a detailed note willing her possessions
            to others and a letter of apology to a family member, about some kind of a conflict they
            had experienced.



            Looking back , Denkinger says there were some warning signs that were missed .  in December,
            Rachelle told a dormitory social worker that she was struggling with flashbacks from her
            childhood .   She scheduled several appointments and missed her last one on January 31st.



            The superintendent says the response to the suicide has been quick .     OCS staffers and
            local clergy are providing counseling and doing an excellent job of meeting the needs of
            the students at this time .  Also , students in rooms near Rachelle ' s have been given the
            option to move.



            One parent who wrote the Governor , Kelly Lincoln of Bethel , says she fears some students
            will quit school .     Others blame themselves . The worst case scenario : copycat suicides.
            In her e - mail , she refers to Alakanuk -- a village on the Lower Yukon -- that was the
            subject of the Anchorage Daily News' Pulitzer Prize winning series, "People in Peril."
            Alakanuk experienced a suicide epidemic in the 1980's and early 90's.



            Another concern : some students in the dormitory have been re-traumatized .  Several have
            either witnessed suicides in their own family or discovered the body of a victim. One
            student who has had trouble coping has been hospitalized.

                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0011599
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Denkinger is not sure how Rachelle's death could have been prevented. He did say the loss
             of grants forced the school to staff the dormitory with contract workers. The lower wages
             have led to high turnover. Denkinger would like to see state employees fill these
             positions, so there can be more stability to help support at risk students.



             A memorial for Rachelle will be held Friday, February 8th in Sitka. The Superintendent
             says a letter from, the Governor expressing condolences and offering encouragement to the
             students would be appreciated.



            The following e-mail is from Kelly Lincoln, whose daughter Allie was Rachelle's next door
            neighbor.   Kelly and her husband Greg. own "The Delta Discovery," a newspaper in Bethel.
            They are originally from Toksook Bay and are a positive force for change in the region.
            Every issue celebrates some aspect of Native life and culture. One has to wonder what the
            next issue of the Delta Discovery will hold.



            Web mail from: Ms. Kelly Jean Lincoln

              address: PO Box 1028 Bethel AX 99559

               543-3548



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Sarah,

             As you'may.have already heard, there was a suicide at Mt. Edgecumbe High School last
            night. Her name was Rachelle George from Bethel, age 16. She was my daughter's close
            friend and next door neighbor in their dorm at MEHS. My daughter Allie had a front row
            seat to all the commotion due to her closeness and now she is devastated. She called me'
            crying around ilpm last night when all the police and medics were there. I was in shock, I
            couldn't believe that this was happening to us. She thinks that it was her fault, that.she
            should have stayed with her in her room. I told her, it's not your fault, we didn't know.
            She is not comfortless though. The support staff at MEHS is working very hard to make sure
            the kids are okay,. although I am scared of the possibility of copycat suicides - remember
            Alakanuk? Anyway, the issue of dropping out of school and coming home has reared its head.
            I mean, who wants to live next to an empty room where your friend used to live and is no
            longer there? All the

              memories , the laughs, etc. They used to go to breakfast together. I pray to God that she
            will not drop out and I pray that everything will be okay and that she will decide for
            herself to.stay in school and continue. Well, I just wanted to say all that and to see if
            you had any plans to visit those poor kids. It is like a bomb dropped on our state with
            its epicenter in Sitka and my poor sweet Allie is right in the middle of it. Thank you for
            your time and I hope that I didn't bother you too much. Quyana,

             Kelly



             kellymdeltadiscovery.com




                                                          4




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011600
