Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov. sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, February 07, 2008 6:06 PM
             To:                      Colberg ; Talis J (LAW); Leigh ow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: 2nd amendment


             Awesome . Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



             Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2008 16:50:38

             To:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

             Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: 2nd amendment




             Dear Ms . Leighow,



                  The State of Texas has indicated it is fine we issue a limited press release
            regarding the 2nd Amendment Amicus. In light of that we suggest the following based on
            your earlier proposed statement:




                   STATE OF ALASKA SIGNS TEXAS AMICUS BRIEF



                  Governor Sarah Palin announced the State of Alaska will be joining the multi-state
            amicus brief authored by the State of Texas in support of the Second Amendment right of
            individual Americans to bear arms.   On Tuesday, February 5, 2008 Alaska Attorney General
            Talis Colberg notified the Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott that Alaska would be joining
            the Texas multi-state brief.   The Texas amicus brief in Washington DC v. Heller will be
            filed by February 11, 2008.



                  Governor Palin, a lifelong NRA member, has long been a champion of the
            constitutional right to bear arms as well as a proponent of gun safety programs for
            Alaska's youth.




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011592
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    "I am proud to join the State of Texas in support of the Second Amendment," said
             Governor Palin .  " We need to send a strong message that law-abiding citizens have a right
             to own firearms , for their own personal protection or hunting or any other lawful
             purpose".




                   That should be fine. Talis




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011593
