Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, February 07, 2008 9:55 AM
             To:                      beargst@ak.net
             Subject:                 RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 4:18 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. John Johnston

             address :   P.O. Box 55028 North Pole AK 99705

              907.459.1153




             MESSAGE:

             pear Governor,



             I understand that as of July of this year, the MAST Program in Alaska will no longer
             exist. As an Alaskan that spends much of his time in the outdoors recreating with friends
             and family, I urgently ask that you do all in your power to prevent this from happening.



             I can think of at least 2 separate incidents where having MAST available has save a
             friends life . My wife and I, along with our grandchildren spend many hours in the winter
             snowmobiling , I would hate to think of the consequence that might occur if one of
             grandchildren were to be seriously hurt in a remote location and no emergency medical
             assistance , such as MAST were available.



             Not only is this a life saving service for rural Alaskans, it provides a training grounds
             for our service personal that their medics can not get anywhere else. In the spirit of
             public safety and to help insure that our service personnel medical teams get the best
             training possible, please fight to keep MAST in Alaska.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA-GS PO1_0011610
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Thank you for your time and consideration



              John E. Johnston



              bearqst@ak.net




                                                          2
