Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                         gov.sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                         Thursday, February 07, 2008 6:02 AM
             To:                           Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                      Fw: Clarification


             Fyi on     ,Privile   see below.



              Also, if Bluemink wants follow up for her story on what we've done to un-do
             Murkowskiisms, add that we've literally opened doors between Lt. Governor's office and
             ours - and doors that had been previously closed in capitol bldg between third floor and
             everyone else are now open. Same with Atwood bldg. Also, I gave back Regulation Review
             duties to Lt. Governor after Murk took them away from Leman (the appropriately belong in
             Lt. Governor office), along with faith-based initiative seat.



            Also We've reduced security and house staff, we quit renting the house he used in
            Anchorage, gave back the yacht slip in Juneau boat harbor so fish and game had a slip for
            their boat, etc etc.



            Re: Privll position- Nizich assures me it's easy to upgrade and tweak job description if the
            open position needs changing in order to attract candidates - pay, location, duties, etc.
            I don't know if Privil or others can afford to take the job if we require a lot of back and
            forth - unless we upgrade.

            Sent from my BlackBerryO device from Cellular One



            -     --Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 21:38:26

            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: Clarification




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Sean



                ----- Original Message -----

                                                                        1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011624
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From : gov.sarah@yahoo . com <gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Wed Feb 06 21:21 : 39 2008

              Subject : Re: Clarification



              Just want to make sure !Privileged or    Personal Material Redacted
            jPri nd i f Sharon chooses to hire.

              ------Original Message------

              From: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

              To: Governor Sarah Palin

              Sent: Feb 6, 2008 9:15 PM

              Subject: Clarification




             Just re -read your email--re Privilel     can you help me understand your concern about           Privilege
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP0I _0011625
