Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, February 07, 2008 9:52 AM
             To:                      cadkins©mosquitonet.com
             Subject:                 RE: Other

             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 5:31 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Constance Adkins

            address: PO Box 56154 North Pole AK 99705

              907-488-6216




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            This is a letter to ask you to please use your office to try to intervene with the
            military at Ft. Wainwright and try to get them to retain the Mast Program.

            I understand that you were notified that this program is to cease in July 2008.



            This is a vital program for our civilian and military personnel.



            It is my understanding that the Army intends to try to find a private medical helicopter
            contractor, but for military support only. I am skeptical that there are the necessary
            capabilities within the civilian sector for the remote and difficult missions they
            encounter.



            Considerations that would seem to me to promote the continuation of this program would be
            that:

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011613
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             >MAST equipment and personnel do not represent an additional expense to the Army. The
             MAST Program utilizes aircraft and personnel that are on hand to provide necessary medical
             support to troops in Alaska , especially those training in remote locations.



             >Throughout the history of the Alaskan MAST Program , many deployments and overseas
             training missions have taken place .  The Army has always maintained medical helicopter
             capability at Ft . Wainwright during these times to serve soldiers and the public.



             >Any training or equipment used in these missions that is not routinely
             >supplied by the Army is provided through the support of the Interior
             >Region EMS Council, the State of Alaska , and others . We have provided
             >Alaska and National Registry certified EMT courses , civilian
             >communications equipment , pediatric equipment , advanced cardiac

             equipment and other training and equipment.



             >MAST mission flight hours represent necessary pilot and crew training , therefore not
             causing any additional expense.

             >This is extremely valuable training for pilots and crew .    The extreme geography , weather,
             and other . di,fficult conditions are excellent training for.not only the Alaskan military.
             mission , but also service in war zones.



             >The Army helicopter crews provide military and civilian service in extremely remote and
             rugged places , under extreme weather conditions , and utilizing night vision and other
             highly technical capabilities . This mission has saved many lives in Alaska and there is no
             service that we are aware of that can perform the military or civilian service under
             contract.



             Sincerely,

             Constance Adkins




            cadkins@mosquitonet.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011614
