Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From :   PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI
                  Sent:    Thursday , February 07 , 2008 6:12 PM
                  To:      gov.sarah©yahoo.com
                  Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                  Subject: Legislators and merit scholarships

                I have a few conversations to report on legislators comments on merit scholarships-

               Kevin Meyer asked me how he might fund merit scholarships in stages (100-200 million this year , for example).
               And, Wes Keller is very supportive.

               Guttenberg says he already plans to introduce a pure needs based scholarship . Jim, the guy from Louisiana,
               talked with him about how that was where Louisiana started but quickly transitioned to merit scholarships (kids
               were stigmatized when it was a pure needs based scholarship rather than a merit based scholarship ). Now, kids
               are proud to be pursuing that scholarship and bringing their friends along to improve academic performance.

               With these legislators and others I have not committed you to this course beyond saying you were interested in
               pursuing innovative education ideas that work and that you were interested in generating conversation on the
               idea.

               Sean




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0011635
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:      Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
                   Sent:      Thursday, February 07, 2008 2:46 PM
                   To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   Subject: Governor's House Position Descriptions

                 Governor,

                 Here are the Position Description attachments . I failed to send the Position Description Questionnaires ( 1995) in
                 the mail , so I'll drop those off in just a minute.

                 Thank you,
                 Erika


                Erika Fagerstrom
                Executive Residence Manager
                Governor's House
                Stara of Alaska, Office of the Governor
                716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
                Phone 907465-3500; Fax. 907-465-2031




                6/9/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0011636
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                         GOVERNOR' S HOUSE

                     POSITION DESCRIPTION                                                                      (2/11/2005)


                       EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE MANAGER & ASSISTANT TO THE FIRST SPOUSE

                     The Executive Residence Manager and Assistant to the First Spouse (hereinafter referred to as "Manager") is
                      a full-time, totally exempt, Range _, salaried position, located in Juneau. Normal work week consists of
                     37.5 hours, Monday through Friday. All employees must be willing to work flexible hours and days
                     occasionally, including Saturday, Sunday, or both, depending on the schedule of the First Family and
                     Governor's House functions.

                     This position is responsible for managing the household affairs and serves as liaison between the House and
                     the Governor's Office, other state agencies, and the public. The Manager oversees the day-to-day operations
                     of the House, attends to the administrative details of running the House, supervises staff according to needs
                     of the First Family and Governor's House Function Schedule, coordinates and oversees all official functions,
                     building and grounds maintenance , monitors security, and additionally serves as Assistant to the First
                     Spouse. The First Spouse's community outreach appointments are made through the Manager , but may
                     receive assistance from the Governor's Office staff, whichever the First Spouse prefers . The Manager
                     coordinates the community outreach schedule with the Governor's House Schedule and may accompany the
                     First Spouse to community outreach events; drafts letters ; and assists with First Spouse's speeches, as
                     needed, whether by researching and drafting remarks or by requesting assistance from the Governor 's Office.
                      In case of emergency due to staff absence or whenever needed due to short staffing , the Manager will help
                     staff with any and all duties where needed.

                     The person hired for this position must be well organized and efficient in all office, clerical, and supervisory
                     duties, as well as knowledgeable about building and furniture maintenance.

                     Due to split shifts, a minimal number of employees at the Governor's House, and the fact that each employee
                     will often be alone in the House, all employees must be able to:
                             --answer and respond to questions over the phone;
                             --handle persons or situations at the front door;
                             --respond quickly and appropriately, as necessary in case of fire, medical, or
                               other emergencies;
                             --climb three sets of stairs throughout the work day in order to quickly and
                              efficiently complete various tasks.

                     See the attached detailed schedule of the Manager's duties.




                                                             (Manager - Page 1)




                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0011637
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     DAILY - - MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                                    (2/11/2005)


                    WHAT                 HOW

                    Daily Priority   Upon entering the House, walk through Main Floor to familiarize yourself with
                    #1               cleaning or maintenance needs and priorities (curtains, fireplace, flowers/plants, floors,
                                     dishes, etc.) to discuss, if needed, with Housekeepers and Chef.

                    Daily Priority   Review schedule, check with First Spouse, regarding daily needs, and supervise staff
                    #2               according to needs of First Family and House schedule. Discuss daily schedules and
                                     priorities with Housekeepers and Chef, as they arrive. Schedule daily tasks to fit into
                                     House schedule for the day.

                    Fours            Usually, will work a straight 7 1/2 hour shift from 8:00-4:30pm daily, depending on the
                                     House schedule of special events and the First Family. However, the need to work after
                                     hours and weekends is often required.

                    Administration   This is the most time consuming part of this job. A great deal of time is spent dealing
                                     with Governor's House staff; personnel from other departments, particularly crews from
                                     D.O.A., Governor's Office, and department commissioners and secretaries; legislators
                                     and staff (during the legislative session); and local clubs and organizations, when
                                     planning and directing the various functions held at the Governor's House.

                    Phones           Serves as "primary receptionist"-- answers and screens calls. Is the contact person in the
                                     House for the public and all other agencies. If phone rings twice, other staff pick up.

                    Tours            Schedules tours on Monday-Friday, during normal working hours, as requests are made
                                     via telephone or correspondence. Conducts guided tours through 1st Floor only
                                     (excluding pantry, kitchen and back hall), although this duty is shared with a
                                     knowledgeable Housekeeper.      Usual tours are limited to approx. 20-30 minutes,
                                     depending on the number involved. On an average, one or two tours a week are
                                     conducted, depending on the time of year. (See Tour Facts Sheet)

                    Special          Prepare and/or dispense invitations, coordinate event with House staff, hire temporary
                    lunches &        servers and/or kitchen help, oversee the event and supervise staff, and assist the First
                    dinners          Spouse as hostess, as needed, (answer door, invite guests to hang their coat in the closet
                                     or on the coat rack in the Manager's office, sign guest book, distribute name tags (if
                                     needed), keep an official count of number of attending guests, document with
                                     photographs (if able or request the Press Office to take photos, etc). (Also, see Weekly --
                                     "Official Functions").

                   Mail              Sort mail delivered to Governor's House by Governor's Office mailroom staff. Mail
                                     letters and packages.



                                                         (Manager - Page 2)




                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0011638
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY -- MANAG ',R's DUTIES                                                                 (2/11/2005)

                    WHAT              HOW

                    Calendar          Call Governor's Office and review schedule changes with Governor's Scheduling
                                      Director to update First Spouse's Schedule. Inform staff of changes. Inform Security of
                                      changes. Give the First Spouse a copy of the following day's schedules.

                    Correspondence/ Sort and screen the mail for Governor's House. Act as liaison between House the
                    paperwork       Governor's Office, other state agencies, and the public. Compose and draft letters for the
                                    First Spouse (and occasionally for the Governor). (Although many requests are answered
                                    by the Governor's Office Constituent Relations (iffice). Complete all required forms,
                                    type-written paperwork, and computer items (i.e. labels, name tags, place cards, menu
                                    cards, household lists, etc.).

                    Purchasingibids Purchase equipment, non-food supplies, and alcohol, as needed. Review and approve all
                                     food purchases by the Chef and any other miscellaneous purchases by staff or First
                                     Family, and submit bills to the Fiscal Division for payment. Handle bids in relation to
                                    the Governor's House, such as the printed/engraved cocktail napkins, stationery, and
                                    envelopes (also see "Daily--bills/expenses"). When only one place has a certain item that
                                    is needed (for instance, dishes), ask Administrative Services to explain the policy for
                                     "sole source purchasing."

                    Bills/expenses    Maintain House compliance with State regulations through discussion and questions
                                      directed to the Fiscal Division of Administrative Services. Review and approve bills for
                                      payment according to State of Alaska regulations, then send invoices to Fiscal for
                                      payment. Fill out paperwork to request Field Warrant for payment to a person or
                                      company for an order or for reimbursement over $50.00. Request D.O. # from
                                      Purchasing if cost will be $500.00 or more. Make phone calls for informal bids if cost
                                      will be $1,000.00 or more, but always check with Administrative Services first for
                                      updated guidelines. Send Delivery Order Request and bid worksheet "Negotiated
                                      Purchase Abstract" Administrative Services. Get formal bids through Administrative
                                      Services if cost will be $5,000.00 or more. (also see Daily-- "purchasing/bids").

                   Protocol           Research, recommend, and apply proper protocol in dealing with a wide range of
                                      individuals, dignitaries, and officials (local, state, national & international). Must be
                                      familiar with and adhere to foreign food preferences or taboos.

                   Travel            Complete "Travel Authorization" for Spouse's community outreach business travel,
                                     coordinate TA and travel with Security and inform the Governor's scheduler, make
                                     necessary reservations, and submit for approval to the Governor's Office. Fill out
                                     computerized TA according to instructions from the Administrative Services Travel




                                                         (Manager - Page 3)




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011639
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                                     (2/11/2005)

                    WHAT               HOW

                    Travel (cont'd)   Desk. Manager may accompany First Spouse whenever she travels in or out of town on
                                      State business. However, if a staff person is needed to accompany the First Spouse out of
                                      town, a staff person from the Anchorage or Fairbanks offices will accompany the First
                                      Spouse, whichever is closer. If traveling with the Governor, Security will complete the
                                      TA and make all reservations and then inform the Manager of all arrangements to be
                                      placed on the First Spouse's schedule. If traveling with the Governor, the First Spouse
                                      will usually utilize the Governor's staff persons rather than bring an additional staff
                                      person to accompany.

                    Recordkeeping     Maintain House compliance with State and Federal Regulations through close discussion
                                      and questions directed to the Director of Administrative Services. Maintain House
                                      historical records. Maintain and keep up-to-date House Manual . Update logs for: tours,
                                      official functions, meals, guests, maintenance , expenditures, and new facts for potential
                                      use in a future Governor's House Facts Booklet. For archiving purposes every four years,
                                      only lists of official events, tours, photos and historical information, and folders
                                      containing inaugural-level event details will be archived every four years. First Spouse
                                      may keep photocopies in office files.

                   Petty cash         Disburse funds not to exceed $50.00 per purchase and record receipts. Audit and
                                      summarize petty cash account . Send summary and receipts to Fiscal at least once to
                                      twice per month for reimbursement of petty cash.

                   Personnel          Maintain House compliance with State and Federal regulations through discussions and
                                      questions directed to the Director of Administrative Services. In the case of staff illness,
                                      personal leave, or household functions, temporary staff should be utilized.
                                      --prior to any hire, execute a security check with the potential employee and forward to
                                      Administrative Services for approval. Do not fill out any further forms until they contact
                                      you that the potential employee has cleared the background check (which they will
                                      complete through Security).
                                      --hire, supervise, and terminate temporaries, as necessary.
                                      -hire, supervise, and terminate permanent staff. It should be noted that the Manager will
                                      not hire a relative to work in a permanent Governor's House position. Also, no
                                      temporary or permanent employee may work in an area that is supervised by their
                                      relative. When dealing with a difficult employee or terminating an employee, the
                                      Manager must work closely with the Director of Administrative Services.
                                      --submit leave slips for all staff, as required.

                   Miscellaneous      in case.emergency or when deemed'necessary, share in household duties until
                   duties             teni rarles oz permanent House staff can takeover.




                                                          (Manager - Page 4)




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0011640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY-- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                                    (2/11/2005)


                    WHAT             HOW

                    Public           It is the duty of the Manager to discuss and inform the Governor and/or First Spouse of
                    perception       anything regarding the operation of the Governor's House that the Manager believes
                                     might be perceived negatively by the public. This includes any expenditures, events, or
                                     utilization of staff that might be perceived to be unethical, inappropriate or simply
                                     against good public policy. It will then be up to the Governor and/or First Spouse to
                                     decide for themselves, after weighing the information from the Manager, whether events
                                     at the House are to be considered personal or official.

                   ADA               It is the Manager's duty to be reasonably informed about the American Disabilities Act
                                     (ADA). It must be kept in mind at all times in order to maintain compliance with federal
                                     and state laws. The 1st Floor must be totally accessible to wheelchairs. The Green
                                     Room restroom must be kept clear of extra tables to stay in compliance. Special ramps,
                                     videos, or other accommodations must be available in certain situations for employees,
                                     residents, and guests. The Manager will keep the ADA Coordinator in Administrative
                                     Services informed about situations relating to ADA at the Governor's House and will also
                                     contact the ADA Coordinator with any questions.

                   Computer          Maintain computer records with Windows and Word. This includes computer
                                     maintenance of deleting documents, creating documents, revising documents, and any
                                     other needs as instructed by the Governor's Office IT personnel.

                   Attire            Manager is expected to dress in professional office attire. The State does not contribute
                                     any funds toward the Manager's attire, since this is not considered a uniform.

                   House Manual      Refer to the House Manual for further details on all aspects of the operation of the
                                     Governor's House. Keep House Manual up-to-date, and always discuss changes with
                                     Director of Administrative Services to insure compliance.

                   First Family     It is the duty of the Manager to: review the "First Family personal" versus "State of
                   personal vs.     "State of Alaska business" operations of the Governor's House, as they relate to
                   business         expenditures, policies, events, and utilization of staff. This is particularly important to
                                    assist the Governor and First Spouse when they are planning to hold an event or make a
                                    decision affecting the operation of the House--at which time the Governor and First
                                    Spouse must decide for themselves whether it should be considered "personal" or
                                    "official State business." "Personal" situations and expenditures i.e. babysitters, birthday
                                    parties, personal housekeepers or valets, cooks for weekends for personal guests) will be
                                    handled and paid for by the First Family similar to the way they would be handled as
                                    private citizens. Meals auctioned off by the Governor and/or First Spouse as donations to
                                    fundraisers will be paid and handled strictly by them, personally, and will not involve
                                    House staff. State of Alaska business situations will be handled according to the laws


                                                        (Manager - Page 5)




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0011641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                                   (2/11/2005)


                    WHAT               HOW

                    First Family (cont'd)
                                      of the State of Alaska. Governor's House staff are primarily here to maintain the public
                                     building and furnishings, to assist during official events, and to help the Governor and/or
                                     First Spouse as they transition between private and public life throughout their
                                     Administration. If in doubt, the Manager will discuss with the Director of
                                     Administrative Services.




                    WEEKLY -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                                  (2/11/2005)


                    WHAT              HOW

                    Calendar          Utilizing Outlook software, revise and print First Spouse's schedule for First Spouse,
                                      Manager's Office, and House staff.

                    Staff meeting     At least once per week, review schedules, priorities, upcoming functions, organizational
                                      needs, maintenance needs, staff comments and concerns.

                   Staff duties       Walk through House and review staff duties lists. Note incomplete duties or duties
                   review             requiring improvement. Discuss with respective employee in private. Give praise where
                                      deserved.

                   Official functionsReview schedule for upcoming functions. Prepare file and organizational plan, as
                   (includes special as completely as possible, and submit to First Spouse for any special requests.
                   lunches, dinners, -Retain pertinent details on daily Outlook calendar
                   and receptions) -Coordinate with organization's coordinator
                                      -Coordinate with House staff, (tableware, table linens, flowers, and
                                      and written menu suggestion from Chef).
                                      If initiated by Governor, prepare invitations and mail or deliver invitations two weeks
                                      in advance or send e-mail invitation, depending on type of event.. Fill-in invitations
                                      may be utilized if fewer than 50--printed. For 50+, if a formal event, send to printer for
                                      engraved invitations.
                                      -Check RSVP recording phone and note all accepted invitations, as well as regrets
                                      (465-2599).
                                      -Hire, as needed, and supervise temporaries. If a permanent House employee serves at
                                     the time as the "Steward," the Steward will supervise the set up, serving, clean-up, and
                                      the Chef will supervise the kitchen help. Although the Manager is the ultimate


                                                          (Manager - Page 6)




                                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0011642
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   WEEKLY            -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                      (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT               HOW

                   Official functions (cont'd )
                                     supervisor of all House staff, the Chef is expected to supervise the kitchen workers
                                     personally. However, the Chefs supervision does not extend past the kitchen threshold.
                                     In other words, although the Manager may review and coordinate the dining room set up
                                     with the Chef, as well as any other area where food might be placed, the area on the
                                     opposite side of the threshold from the kitchen is the sole responsibility of the Manager
                                     who will make the final decision.
                                     -Oversee event and assist staff, if necessary.
                                     -Take pictures for event file.
                                     -Assist First Spouse as hostess, as needed, with answering door, inviting guests to sign
                                     guest book, passing out name tags, keeping official count, etc. It is important to
                                     request a volunteer to answer the door from the group for which the reception is
                                     being held. This saves on cost of hiring extra temporary hires and frees up the
                                     Manager to supervise and mingle with guests, as needed.
                                     -Revise function records for official files.

                   Maintenance       Quickly check grounds, exterior of House, basement, 1st, 2nd, and 3`d floors for any
                   walk-through      any maintenance needs. Pay special attention during wet weather to leaks or clogged
                                     drains on 3rd floor veranda and basement exterior entries. Identify needs, develop and
                                     implement necessary action in regard to the management of the facility (repairs to
                                     equipment, building, painting, carpet cleaning, etc.)

                   Recycling         Monitor and send newspapers with the employee who next travels to the Valley (Fred
                                     Meyers) or Foodland. The Housekeepers should bag all newspapers --no magazines.




                   MONTHLY             -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                    (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT              HOW

                   Liquor closets    Check schedule of upcoming events--purchase wine, etc. accordingly. Keep Liquor
                                     Inventory and set of keys. Identify location for staff key.

                   Exterminator     Pied Piper is contracted by D.O.A. to spray for pests every few months. If signs of pests
                                    appear more often, call Pied Piper to come in immediately.




                                                         (Manager - Page 7)




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0011643
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   MONTHLY --              MANAGER'S DUTIES (continued)                                       (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT              HOW


                   Dishwasher        Ecolab is contracted by D.O.A. to come in and check dishwasher monthly. Call if needed
                                     for repair.

                   Filing            If unable to file as you go, complete filing when First Family is out of town.



                   ANNUALLY/OR AS NEEDED - MANAGER'S DUTIES                                                   (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT              HOW

                   Employees      -- Evaluate each employee (including praise and goals) for required annual evaluation, and
                                      possible merit increase. (Office of Personnel will forward forms when needed.) Consult
                                      with First Spouse prior to finalizing.
                                  -- In private meeting, when deserved, compliment employee on quality of work and/or
                                      discuss problem areas. Regression should be documented for future use, if employee
                                      does not improve.
                                 -- Report semi-monthly leave and work hours to Office of Personnel.

                   Radiators         Schedule bleeding of radiators by D.O.A.: see Routine List of Duties and revise this list
                                     as needed. This should be coordinated to with the Housekeepers so they can clean at
                                     same time.

                   Maintenance       In March, schedule with D.O.A.. or private contractors to complete needed
                                     maintenance, i.e. painting, grounds maintenance, interior/ exterior house
                                     maintenance/repairs, storm windows (Sept & April) and spring projects (power wash
                                     veranda, put out veranda furniture, etc), according to Routine List of Duties.

                   Cleaning         Check schedules to be sure all items have been completed i.e. bedspreads sent to
                                    cleaners; curtains washed and ironed; furniture is spot cleaned; drapes are vacuumed; and
                                    carpets are steam cleaned by "Jet Steam" or "Chem-Dry."

                   Supplies         Check and order necessary paper supplies (i.e. invitations, stationery) from printer. Try
                                    to pay prior to end of fiscal year.

                   Fiscal year      End of fiscal year is June 30. All purchases/ expenses pertaining to the current year
                                    should be submitted to Fiscal by this date. Coordinate and verify with Fiscal.



                                                        (Manager - Page 8)




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0011644
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   ANNUALLY/OR AS NEEDED -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                   (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT               HOW

                   Garbage            In June, review garbage situation and be sure pick up is no more than twice a week
                                      during summer.

                   Veranda            In May, call D.O.A. to power wash veranda, prior to placing furniture on veranda for the
                                      summer.

                   Security system In June and beginning of January, schedule systems check with Security to review
                                    security system and rules with staff.

                   Furniture         Check for nicks, spots on furniture and house contents. Discuss any refinishing or
                                     reupholstering needs with First Spouse.


                   Inventories       -In June, schedule staff to complete their respective inventories. Governor's Office
                                     Administrative Services, Alaska State Museum, and Alaska Art Bank will supply
                                     respective inventory lists for art and certain house objects.
                                     -Keep each inventory up-to-date, with clear descriptions for new acquisitions.

                   Patio furniture   In mid-September, be sure Housekeepers clean, wrap in plastic bags, and store all patio
                                     cushions in maintenance room, against wall, to the side of upright freezer. Then call
                                     D.O.A. Garden Crew to remove furniture and store in their warehouse until next spring.

                   Conservatory      In mid-November, call D.O.A. to pick up plants, store during the holidays
                   plants            and bring back after holiday decorations are dismantled.

                   SBS meeting       In October, hold staff meeting about SBS regulations and changes available during end
                                     of year only.

                   Christmas cards In October, check with First Spouse re: card preferences and contact Governor's
                                   Constituent Relations Office to update First Spouse's Christmas card list and begin the
                                   card process for the holiday mailing . First Familypersonal Christmas cards are not to be
                                   handled by State employees, nor are State funds to be expended.

                   Calendars         In November, check with all staff and order each one their preferred calendar for the
                                     upcoming year.

                  Piano tuning       In November, have piano tuned.




                                                         (Manager - Page 9)




                                                                                                                 P RAGS P01 _0011645
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   ANNUALLY/OR AS NEEDED -- MANAGER'S DUTIES                                   (2/11/2005)



                   WHAT              HOW

                   Training          Review with First Spouse, and schedule, as appropriate, work related training for staff,
                                     such as telephone etiquette, First Aid/CPR; Governor's Security; D.O.A. "trouble
                                     shooting" information training regarding thermostats, House venting system, water pump,
                                     fire alarm, furnace, generator, breaker boxes, water leak awareness; classes offered for
                                     State of Alaska employees; and NGA training.

                   Christmas         In August, create a preliminary "Organizational Notes" document for planning of the
                                     Christmas Open House, give copy to the First Spouse for her review; and set date for
                                     Open House.
                                     Near the end of August, schedule a planning meeting between:
                                     -First Spouse, Manager & Housekeepers to discuss interior Christmas decorations.
                                     -First Spouse, Manager & Chef to review menu.
                                     -First Spouse, Manager & Grounds Supervisor to discuss exterior Christmas decorations
                                     (also include plans for next spring)
                                     -Staff to continue discussing progress during each weekly staff meeting.
                                     In September, complete the following:
                                     -Schedule Jet Steam to clean main floor carpets the week following the Open House, if
                                     approved by First Spouse.
                                     -Order Christmas decorations, ribbon, etc., as needed.
                                     -Call and schedule Open House entertainment.
                                     -Call and sign up all temporary helpers.
                                    In October, complete the following for the Open House:
                                    -make signs for basement & employee areas.
                                    -call or send sign-up sheets out for volunteers.
                                    -schedule D.O.A. to install disabled ramps and prepare for the public (i.e. prevent
                                    slippery walks) prior to the Open House.
                                    -enlist two D.O.A. persons to assist with disabled during the Open House.
                                    -make preliminary media contact with Governor's Office, newspapers, radio and
                                      television.
                                    In November:
                                    -complete I.D. tags for all entertainers, volunteers and paid help to wear during Open
                                    House and show to Security for entrance to the House, downstairs, and back hall the
                                    night of the open house,
                                    -schedule orientation for all volunteers: to distribute all I.D. tags, to carefully inform
                                    them of their time to entertain or to work.
                                    In December -- five days before the Open House:
                                    --call and confirm all plans with all paid temporary helpers, entertainers and volunteers.
                                    --arrange for extra garbage pick up the day after the Open House.
                                    After the Open House: keep detailed record of all arrangements, including written plan
                                    of decorations.


                                                       (Manager - Page 10)




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0011646
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


         i




                   ANNUALLY/OR AS NEEDED - MANAGER'S DUTIES (continued)                                             (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT                HOW

                   Legislative         In January, update legislative spouses and aides list in computer and run copies for self
                   Session             and First Spouse.

                   Annual events      In addition to special functions held by the First Family, discuss with the First Spouse,
                                      and if approved, coordinate and organize all Governor's House events. Keep an annual
                                      list of that year's events, as well as a separate file for related pictures and paperwork for
                                      each event.



                   EVERY FOUR YEARS                         -- MANAGER' S DUTIES                                  (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT               HOW

                   Archives           In December (every 4 years--at the end of each Administration), coordinate with Archive
                                      Officer at Governor's Office Administrative Services. Check for files in basement
                                      storage bedroom, 3`d floor cedar closet file cabinets, 1" floor back hall closet, and
                                      Manager's closet and file cabinets.

                   Campaigns          Manager should be aware and monitor State employees during campaigns. Staff is not
                                      allowed to complete any work (including phone calls, thank you letters from Governor or
                                      First Spouse, etc.) on behalf of anyone's campaign on State time and/or using State
                                      equipment or supplies. To receive Faxes is permissible, as this is considered their home.
                                      Anyone can work on a campaign on their own time on their home personal computer.

                   Swearing-in      Manager should be aware that coordination of the Swearing-In Ceremonies is
                   ceremonies & handled by the Director of Administrative Services. All other inaugural events are
                   inaugural events handled strictly by the Governor's personal campaign staff/volunteers. Therefore, it is
                                    the Manager's responsibility to insure that House personnel are not utilized in anyway in
                                    relation to inaugural events, except in regard to the private reception following the
                                    swearing-in ceremonies, which is usually held at the Governor's House. Most other
                                    receptions, lunches, and dinners hosted at the Governor's House by the Governor and
                                    First Spouse will also be considered "official" if they include guests that the First Family
                                    would not normally associate with other than as the First Family.

     i            Immediate issues*Identify the day the Governor and First Spouse wish to hold the December Open House.
                   (following       *Schedule time for the First Spouse to Meet with the Executive Residence Manager.
                  election results) Residence Manager and Director of Administrative Services to discuss administrative
                                    matters relating to the House.



                                                         (Manager - Page 11)




                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0011647
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   EVERY FOUR YEARS -- MANAGER' S DUTIES                                                     (2/11/2005)


                   WHAT              HOW

                   Immediate issues (cont'd)
                                    *Schedule time for the First Spouse to meet with the Executive Residence Manager to
                                    review the First Family's preferences regarding food, sleeping quarters, the Governor's
                                    House Swearing-In Reception, and any other special functions, if any, to be held prior to
                                    Christmas.
                                    *Schedule time for the incoming First Spouse to meet with the outgoing First Spouse at
                                    the House for a tour and to meet House staff.

                   Discussion with   Manager should discuss all pertinent information with new First Family, including
                   incoming          all Position Job Descriptions (PDQ's); longevity, salary range and step system for the
                   Governor and/     State of Alaska employees; laws, regulations, and policies that might affect the
                   or First Spouse   Governor's House; personal phone calls; purchasing requirements; disposing of State
                                     property requirements; ADA compliance and need for employee accommodation, if any;
                                     Governor's House schedule, according to the needs of the First Family. Manager will
                                     also supply them with an up-to-date copy of the House Manual. (Also, give special
                                     attention to Daily: "First Family personal versus business" and Daily: "public
                                     perception.")




                                                       (Manager - Page 12)




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0011648
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0011649
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                            GOVERNOR'S HOUSE
                                                           POSITION DESCRIPTION
                                                                       (5/20/04)

                                               EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE HOUSEKEEPER II

                   This "Executive Residence Housekeeper" position (hereinafter referred to as "Housekeeper II") is a full-time,
                   totally exempt, Range 10 position, located in Juneau. Normal work week consists of 37.5 hours, 11:00am-
                   7:30pm, with occasional 8:30-5:00pm shifts when possible, Monday through Friday, except in the case of
                   official dinners, receptions, or official overnight guests, hours may vary. Depending on the schedule of the
                   First Family and Governor's House functions, an occasional Saturday and/or Sunday may be involved, so
                   must be willing to work flexible hours.

                   This Housekeeper II position is responsible primarily for the 1st and 3rd floors, while sharing many
                   duties throughout the House with the House Steward . This position requires a great deal of flexibility
                   and a willingness and ability to do whatever needs to be accomplished within the House (including, but
                   not limited to, sewing, cooking, serving, laundering, ironing, cleaning of any type, driving, running
                   errands, shopping, decorating, and working with historical records).

                   The person hired for the Housekeeper II position must have knowledge of procedures, products and
                   fabric characteristics for cleanin , re airs, and alterations, as re uired, paying special attention to First
                                                                   Mff
                   Family needs.                                                               *0anse shop,
                   which requires a valid Alaska State Driver's License.

                   Due to split shifts and the fact that each employee will often be alone in the House, all employees must
                   be able to:
                           -- answer and respond to questions over the phone;
                           --- handle persons or situations at the front door;
                           --- respond quickly and appropriately, as necessary in case of
                                fire, medical, or other emergencies;
                           --- climb three sets of stairs throughout the work day in order to
                                quickly and efficiently complete various tasks;
                           --- carry items (i.e. cleaning supplies, vacuum cleaners, dishes,
                                lightweight boxes, chairs, etc. to a maximum of 25 lbs.)

                   See the attached detailed schedule of the Housekeeper 11 duties.




                                                                 Housekeeper H
                                                                  Page 1of12




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011650
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY DUTIES--- 1st & 3rd Floors
                                                             HOUSEKEEPER II

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Priority #1       Upon arrival, check with Manager regarding daily needs/scheduling priorities:
                   Check with        report maintenance needs, problems, unscheduled or unusual occurrences to Manager.
                   Manager &         If Housekeeper remained last evening, then report any unusual occurrences or
                   House Steward      number of persons at last evening's events following Manager's departure. Verbally
                                     coordinate any. shared duties with the Housekeeper I and discuss/clarify any priorities, as
                                     needed. Assist where needed with household events and projects. Schedule daily tasks
                                     to fit into House schedule for the day. If House Steward is absent, review House
                                     Steward' s list of duties for items that might take priority over Housekeeper II duties that
                                     day. When organizing your day with the Manager, special importance must be given to
                                     completing duties as early in the day as possible that might not later be possible in other
                                     parts of the House. This often is the case due to additional family members being present
                                     after work, school, etc. Throughout the day, as each staff person moves from one area of
                                     the House to another, it is helpful to mention to the Manager the location where you
                                     might be working if the need arises to find you.
                                        Supervisory note: Each employee should complete their timesheet on a daily basis, as
                                    well as any necessary leave requests. All Governor's House staff are accountable to the
                                    Governor and First Spouse through the Governor's House Manager. In close coordination
      I                             with the Manager, the House Steward will train the Housekeeper II in all cleaning duties.
                                    The House Steward and the Manager, in close coordination, will be the only persons to pass
                                    on training instructions to the Housekeeper II and any temporary hires not assigned to the
                                    Chef Housekeepers will coordinate together and with the Manager, to ensure all daily duties
                                    are prioritized and completed in an efficient and timely manner, according to guidelines
                                    established by the Governor, First Spouse, and Manager. Ultimate authority and relating
                                    paperwork remain with the Executive Residence Manager. All staff will continue to be
                                    informed of events and needs as a whole, and each staffperson will continue direct contact
                                    with the Manager, as needed.

                   Prmi0            If it is a function day, coordinate with Manager & House Steward. The usual policy will
                       n prep       most likely stand: minimum cleaning, if any, and the Dining Room table setup, etc. will
                                    be the morning's and/or early afternoon's priority. Whei the House Steward is needed it
                                                                               coordinate with Housekeeper I & Manager for
                                    House Steward duties to be absorbed by Housekeeper 11.
                   Priority #3      Walk through 1st floor to do the following:
                   walk-through     (Unless there has been a storm or obvious problem, the 3rd floor does not have to be
                                    checked immediately during this initial walk-through, but can wait until it is time to
                                    clean that area.)
                                    (a) take notes regarding supplies needed;
                                    (b) take notes regarding major maintenance problems needing immediate attention or
                                         anything out of the ordinary to report to the Manager;


                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 2 of 12




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0011651
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY --HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)
                    WHAT              HOW

                    Priority #3       (cont'd)
                    Walk-through      (c) complete minor maintenance needs in case unexpected guests arrive (replace burned
                                          out light bulbs, straighten curtains and cushions, pick up foreign objects, and clear
                                           Conservatory table or bar. If needed, return to 1st Floor for in-depth cleaning
                                          following 3rd Floor cleaning priorities.
                                      (d) take notes regarding non-priority items and or deep-cleaning as a reminder to
                                          complete later when time permits.
                                      (e) Italicized duties may be completed during the #3 Priority Walk-through.
                   T`ft restroom:    Replace towels if used, check Kleenex, check toilet paper for full roll. Wipe down, as
                                     needed. (Refer to Weekly "bathrooms").
                   refrigerator:     (beverage) In the House Stewards absence, note types/amounts of beverages needed and
                                     restock refrigerator. Leave space around edges and at back, so beverages cool properly.
                   coffee:           In the House Stewards absence, replenish the Butler's Pantry coffee supply and empty
                                     coffee filters, if any.
                   supplies:         Replenish supplies, as needed, check Kleenex, toilet paper, soap, cleaners in all rooms.
                                     If supplies are low in basement storeroom, note that item on the appropriate kitchen
                                     shopping list and/or research available location and request Chef to purchase.
                   light bulbs:      Check all light fixtures, chandeliers, and security lights for burned out bulbs and note
                                     wattage & type required. Use Windex wipes to keep bulbs dusted (do not spray or use
                                     wet wipe on lighted or warm bulbs) and change those you can reach with the appropriate
                                     short ladder or platform ladder. DOA will change light bulbs too difficult to reach (i.e.
                                     lights over artwork and bulbs in fixtures with globe covers), after reported to the
                                     Manager. Check light bulb inventory and add or revise type for each location, if needed.
                   curtains:         Straighten.
                   leaks/damage:     Check for leaks: exterior doors, windows, floors, ceilings, 3`a fl. veranda doors &
                                     drains.
                   light cords:      Check light cords. If dangling, tuck up & out of sight. Secure w/tape, if needed.
                   lamps:            Straighten shades, tighten finials, turn on lamp to check for burned out bulbs.
                   telephones:       Straighten cords & unwind if twisted--clean entire phone with "409." The 1St Floor office
                                     phone should especially be disinfected following any House event.
                   garbage:          Empty if needed, keep trash liners in bottom of each receptacle.
                   cobwebs:          Check light fixtures, wall/ceiling edges & corners for cobwebs.
                   chandeliers:      Check crystal chandeliers for grime, film or dust. Otherwise, see "Quarterly."
                   steps & stoops:   Check side door to kitchen, and front door porch area for foreign objects that need
                                     removal (and inform Manager who will call D.O.A., if needed). If badly needed, sweep
                                     area in front of doors inside and out and wipe down front door.
                   D.R. Chairs:      As a general rule, the dining room table will be set for 10 with 2 t/z leaves and centered
                                     on the table. In case of function or if needed, move extra dining room chairs to the back
                                     hall (after checking with the Manager--if storage time is less than one day), otherwise
                                     move chairs to basement. Request House Steward to assist. If ballroom chairs are
                                     needed, request Manager to ask D.O.A. Garden Crew to move from D.O.A. storage.


                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 3 of 12




                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0011652
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)

                    WHAT                HOW

                    Priority #3 Walk-through (cont'd)
                    arctic entries:     Check for foreign objects or necessary cleanup. No chairs or other items will be stored in
                                        the Conservatory arctic entry at any time.
                    bedrooms 3rdfl:     priority is to make beds and empty trash, when convenient, but should be completed in
                                        the morning before 10:00am, unless otherwise arranged. Add towels as a priority on a
                                        twice-weekly basis: see "Twice weekly." Add sheets as a priority on a weekly basis: see
                                        "Weekly."
                   furniture:           Use adhesive roller on sofas and chairs, as needed. Fluff Ballroom cushions.
                    veranda, 1st fl:    Summer: check furniture, barbecue, plants, and floor. As time permits later, if needed,
                                        follow instructions under "Daily Duties Veranda" below.
                   fireplaces:          Check fireplaces for use. If used, return to clean after completion of all other priority
                                        duties. Then, clean glass, metal netting, clean out ashes, restock wood (from garage),
                                        newspaper & matches, and set up for fire according to the Governor's preference.
                   laundry:             As a general rule on function days, time should not be spent on laundry, but discuss with
                                        Manager, if in doubt. Gather, as needed, First Floor linens and 3rd floor linens
                                       (remember to check the chute). Check for spots, damage. House Steward and
                                       Housekeeper 11 are responsible for laundry from their respective floors, however, ironing
                                       should be shared, unless otherwise arranged. House laundry is done most efficiently by
                                       putting in a load and noting the time, then going about other duties. After the appropriate
                                       time, check the load in the washer, move it to the dryer and place the next load in the
                                       washer, and again go about your other duties until the time arrives to check the
                                       washer/dryer again. This allows each Housekeeper the time to complete their respective
                                       loads at a reasonable pace throughout the day, rather than allowing laundry to pile up.
                   Ironing             Any items placed in the Housekeeping area for laundering or ironing are a priority, unless
                                       otherwise arranged (i.e. cloth napkins & placemats most likely will not be needed
                                       immediately) Ironing will be shared with the House Steward, unless otherwise arranged
                                                 s teafd is given a differn`' Q^il
                                                                                 p                    eui k13 en)

                   Deep-Clean          After all priorities (as italicized above) have been completed, then return to these areas
                                       to deep-clean, as needed. Although this will most likely cause additional trips up and
                                       down the stairs, splitting priority duties from the deep-cleaning duties is essentially
                                       necessary during special function days. It may also be necessary in order to accommodate
                                       the family with school, appointments or work hours.

                   Phones              If Manager is unavailable to do so, answer phone, screen calls, and take messages.
                                       Manager answers phone calls, but if the phone finishes the second ring, House Steward
                                       is the primary back up and will pick up that line at the start of the 3rd ring. When
                                       vacuuming or outside of phone range, Housekeeper lI will inform Manager and House
                                       Steward who will be next backup. The Chef is the last phone backup in everyone's
                                       absence.


                                                                 Housekeeper II
                                                                  Page 4 of 12




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011653
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    DAILY       HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)

                    WHAT              HOW
                    Back doorbell     Housekeeper II answers the back door. If vacuuming, ask House Steward to cover until
                                      finished. House Steward is the backup when Housekeeper II is unavailable.

                    Front doorbell   If Manager and House Steward are unavailable, Housekeeper II is the back up to answer
                                     front door. If front doorbell rings, House Steward will watch "Front" intercom line. If it
                                     does not light up, Steward will presume that the Manager is unable to respond; answer
                                     the intercom, then answer the front door.

                   Tours             Prepare 1' Floor for each tour approx . V. hour in advance (straighten, as needed and turn
                                     on lights, including Library cabinet lighting). Manager, House Steward and Housekeeper
                                     II will share the duty of conducting tours . Other staff might be called upon to give brief
                                     walk-through tour. After tour guests depart, turn off all lights turned on prior to the tour.
                                     Return all furnishings (including podium) to original position. Cookies and GH napkins
                                     will be given to school tour groups (up through high school seniors) as they depart
                                     through the door.

                   Official guests   If of cial overnight guests: before arrival, turn on refrigerators & test hot water taps, set
                   (overnight)       up flowers, fruit/snack tray, coffee, if approved by Manager, and check 3rd Floor
                                     bathroom fans. Daily during official guests' stay: check towels, make beds, take out,
                                     trash, restock refrigerators if needed. Follow 3rd Fl. "Official Guest Checklist."
                                     (Relatives and personal guests are personally provided for by the First Family.) After
                                     guests depart: wash all used linens and thoroughly clean all used rooms.

                   Lunch/dinner      For First Family during the normal work week and when official guests are at the House
                                     (8 or under), set and clear table (also Library and Bar, if needed), and act as server. (The
                                     Chef will serve dinner when only the Governor and First Spouse are present.
                                                         prep.uc ^xead baskets"T3 tes ctf bx   z, coff       01*     kigar,    ist
                                      ,        .,, y        ' ass vi     dnslies during r n r its nL de After g uests leave
                                     Hou_sek_e_epers will share clearing table and washing dishes (with the Chef), a$:'11
                                         _                                                                               -441 .as
                                                          in the: kitchen needed. The kitchen must be finished prior to moving
                                     to clean other areas. If overtime is in effect, the dining areas will be cleared, but no
                                     cleaning will take place.
                                     For lunches and dinners (over 8 persons), coordinate with Manager and House Steward
                                     to share Dining Room table setup, Library beverage setup (possibly to include cloth
                                     napkins and appetizers); set up wet bar, if needed; make coffee/tea, etc.. The specific
                                     time that Housekeepers will take their lunch hour will also be coordinated at this time.
                                     Housekeepers will serve and will clarify each step of serving or clearing with each other
                                     immediately prior to going into action.
                                     *As the Primary Server, Housekeeper II is responsible for paying strict attention to
                                     keeping guests' water glasses filled and coffee reheated with fresh coffee throughout the


                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 5 of 12




                                                                                                                   PRA_GSPOI_0011654
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   DAILY        HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Lunch/dinner      meal. Housekeeper I should assist with refills, as needed. After guests leave,
                   (cont'd)


                   Butler's Pantry Check and straighten drawers, cabinets and keep organized, put items left on counter
                                   away, check candlesticks, salt & peppers, etc. for cleaning, refilling, and storage.

                   Special Events    Before each function, discuss set-up and serving plans with House Steward and Manager.
                                     For larger events, Housekeeper II will usually setup place settings and



                                                 set up tables, chairs, and bar, if needed; wash dishes, pots, and pans. Serve
                                     meals when needed. (Dishes: all crystal glasses, including stemware, must be placed in
                                     the special dishwasher racks, individually slotted for glasses. All china can be washed in
                                     dishwasher, except the white with red border, all-blue glass dishes if any, and any of the
                                     16 large gold rim blue & ivory plates (which are displayed on the Dining Room plate
                                     ledge. Silverware only can be placed in dishwasher, all other silver must be hand
                                     washed. Sharp knives must not be placed in sinks and must be hand washed.)

                   Uniform           Housekeepers wear a black smock, black flats, and either loose-fitting black stacks or
                                     black skirt (no shorter than knee-length) provided by the State of Alaska (& approved
                                     substitutions). Nylons with skirts and slacks or black socks with slacks should be wom.

                   veranda           (May) See Yearly Duties.
                                    (Summer Daily) Staff will place cushions on furniture when needed for special functions
                                    or a limited number of cushions during nice weather according to the First Lady's
                                    preference; wipe down cushions and furniture with "409" in a bucket of hot water; use
                                    "Cinch" or "Windex" to clean off tables; as needed, wipe down barbecue and replace
                                    cover. If time permits, use hose to water tubs of plants and wash off veranda, otherwise,
                                    inform Manager (to call D.O.A. Garden Crew) when plants need watering. In late
                                    afternoon, unless requested otherwise by First Spouse, store cushions in the veranda
                                    white plastic boxes and the chaise lounge cushions in the back corner of the front entry
                                    closet. (September) See Yearly Duties

                   End of Day       Turn off all unnecessary lighting in 1 Floor public areas of the House, including
                                    "       a and Reception Room. ff a hectic day in;kitchen. at approximately; 4.25 p.m.;
                                              ref i kitchen wlthdishes,'sweeping, mopping, emptying oftrash. as,needed
                                              gain se will nut=be able to leave bq 5:00 p.m Insure that basement doors from
                                    garage and maintenance area to interior of House are locked, window in Housekeeping is
                                    closed, and lights in Housekeeping are turned off.


                                                              Housekeeper II
                                                               Page 6 of 12




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPOI_0011655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   DAILY HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Kitchen




                   TWICE-WEEKLY DUTIES- - - 1st & 3rd Floor - HOUSEKEEPER II
                   WHAT              HOW

                   bedrooms          Tuesday & Friday (or twice per week depending on House schedule) change and launder
                                     towels. (Otherwise, straighten daily.)



                   WEEKLY DUTIES- - - 1st & 3rd Floor - HOUSEKEEPER II

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Bedrooms          Wednesday (or once per week, depending on House schedule) change and launder
                   & Baths           sheets, and make all beds, in use; thoroughly clean all bedrooms, including dusting and
                   3rd Floor:        vacuuming; clean and disinfect all bathrooms. 18t & 3rd floor laundry should be dropped
                                     down the laundry chute to be laundered in the basement. 2nd floor washer and dryer is for
                                     the First Family's use only. Run all bathroom glasses through dishwasher. 3`d Floor
                                     vanities use 40 watt light bulbs. Ceilings use 60 watt light bulbs.

                   wind clocks       lgt day of the week: wind Reception mantel & grandfather clock to correct time.

                   1" Floor          Straighten, dust, and clean equipment with ammonia-free cleaner), disinfect
                   Mgr's Office      telephone and bathroom (change towels and check paper). Empty trash (should be
                                     checked daily).and vacuum, if needed. Check with Manager prior to doing so, since it
                                     might be necessary to carefully pick up stacks ofpaper and replace them in same fashion
                                     in order to clean desk and equipment.
                   WEEKLY--HOUSEKEEPER ( continued)

                   WHAT             HOW

                   Cleaning and     During the week, note items on a list that need attention. Meet with the Manager
                   Maintenance      and House Steward to prioritize and set a schedule for completing those items. Pay


                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 7 of 12




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0011656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Notes             special attention to items not cleaned weekly, such as brass on window fixtures, to be
                                      sure they are cleaned more often, if needed.

                    3rd floor         *   dust all surfaces, picture frames, lamps, furniture, plants, moldings, window ledges,
                                          wall ledges and edging.
                                      *   polish mirrors and all chrome/metal surfaces.
                                     *    if no guests, clean toilets on 3rd floor, including walls surrounding toilets.
                                     *    if guests, thoroughly clean bathrooms.
                                     *    clean glass top tables with Windex.
                                     *    vacuum

                    Back staircase   Dust railings and areas between rails with damp Murphy's Soap cloth. Vacuum back 1
                                     floor hallway and steps all the way to the top of the 3'd floor staircase.

                   Doors             Wipe down front and side doors inside and out with "409"--especially where people put
                                     their hands; outside doors: check and clean--door jambs, too.

                   Veranda           During winter, check for any special needs--sweep with big broom, if needed. If
                   (1st Floor)       veranda needs cleaning (with tan rubber-type cover, power wash might damage, so
                                     soapy water and brushes might be substituted), inform Manager who will call D.O.A.

                   Marble            Clean and polish marble surfaces with marble polish, Pledge or use damp cloth.

                   Shopping


                   Secretary in      Check, organize, replace pen, and clean inside area and phone "with disinfectant"
                   Conservatory      periodically. Unopened red wine kept in the bottom area or in basement wine closet;
                                     open red to kitchen; white either to wine closet or wine refrigerator.

                   Vacuum            Empty bags and clean out front roller to free from hair, dust and other items that
                   Cleaners          clog the machine and prevent it from working efficiently.




                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 8 of 12




                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0011657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   MONTHLY DUTIES--- I"' & 3'd Floor
                                  - - 1'`

                                                         HOUSEKEEPER H

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Brass             Polish with "Nev-R-Dull:"                         Polish with "Copper Brite:"
                                     Fireplace tools                                   Samovar (or Nev-R-Dull)
                                     Candle holders                                    Brass trash cans
                                     Brass planters                                    Wheels on coffee cart
                                     Chandeliers (or Copper Brite)                     Brass Lamps
                                     Furniture handles & hinges                        Window locks
                                     All door plates, knobs, hinges
                                     Bathrooms : (brass in sinks, tubs, rails)
                                     Conservatory: hinges sink, edging
                                     Pen Holder on any Guest Bedroom Desks

                   Painted areas     Submit paint touch-up needs list made during daily cleaning to Manager to call D.O.A.
                                     if touch-ups have not been completed. Remove paint from where it doesn't belong.

                   Porches/doors     Clean out inside porch off Conservatory . Clean front door, back doors on the outside
                                     with "409;" sweep outside doors, if needed badly, or ask Manager to call D.O.A.

                   Silver cabinet    In coordination with House Steward, polish contents of silver cabinet using "silver
                                     polishing gloves" as needed; and "silver polish cream" for major polishing; dust
                                     interior.

                   Silverware        In coordination with House Steward, polish using "silver polish cream," straighten and
                                     wash out drawers. (inventory in June). Check salt & pepper shakers, polish & refill.

                   Verandas/         Check 3rd floor verandas for leaves -clean to prevent clogs and overflow . Clean both
                   doors             sides of doors. Straighten black mats, if needed . If mats are badly blown or missing,
                                     inform Manager who will contact D.O.A.

                   Refrigerators     Check and defrost/clean small refrigerators on 3rd floor, if needed.

                   Windows          Using "Windex" or "Cinch," clean inside windows rotating room by room throughout
                                    the year (DOA does exteriors when they do storm windows).

                   Tile floors      If grout needs recoating, ask Manager to call D.O.A. to apply "White
                   & Walls          Tile Guard," when necessary. Then let stand 24 hours before wiping off. ("White Tile
                                    Guard" is made by Tile Care Product, Inc., Hamel, MN)




                                                              Housekeeper II
                                                               Page 9 of 12




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0011658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   QUARTERLY DUTIES--- Ist & 3rd Floor
                                                         HOUSEKEEPER II

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Cabinets          Clean inside cabinets using "Murphy's Soap:" 1st & 3rd Floor.

                   Caulk             Check caulking in all areas in 1St and 3`d Floor bathrooms , and request Manager to call
                                     D.O.A. to caulk, as needed.

                   Chandeliers/      Clean and polish Dining Room, Conservatory, Library, Ballroom, Reception Hall,
                   Light fixtures    1St Floor Office and any other fixtures on the 1 t and 3`d Floors using "Sparkle Plenty" on
                                     the crystals (or Windex wipes) and "Nev-R-Dull" on the brass. Crystals must be
                                     reexamined to be sure no film or spots remain.

                   Closets           Check closets, clean out and keep organized (according to First Spouse's preferences):
                                     3rd floor bedrooms, linen closets, supply closets and cedar closet; and ls` Floor closets.

                   Drawers           Clean out, straighten & wash with "Murphy's Soap."

                   Exterminator      if pests appear, inform Manager who will contact D.O.A./Pied Piper.

                   Furniture         Spot clean w/upholstery cleaner brush upholstery lightly, vacuum thoroughly. If silk-like
                                     fabric, try Shout wipe, rather than spray or large amount of liquid.

                   Carpets           Coordinate with Manager, when needed, to call Chem Dry to shampoo back stairs
                                     between basement-1 st, l st-2nd and 2nd-3rd floors; and basement, and 3rd Floor carpets.

                   Hardwood          Move furniture, damp mop floors using "Murphy's Soap." Rotate small rugs. Do not
                                     use Murphy's spray on floors. Either mop or rag may be used, but it is essential that the
                                     dirty bucket of water is changed periodically to allow for a clean floor upon completion.

                   Hinges            As needed, clean paint & dirt off hinges, and polish.

                   Tile counters     Clean tile in bathrooms using "409" or an "Orange Clean," caulk & seal with "Tub &
                                     Tile Sealant," as needed.

                   Conservatory     Check, organize and clean periodically. Restock, as needed. (Sodas and juices to be
                                    stored only in beverage refrigerator and basement storeroom.) Red wine to be kept only
                                    in Conservatory secretary (bottom door) and white wine to be kept only in the wine
                                    refrigerator in Dishwasher Room (or either may be stored in the appropriate basement
                                    wine closet).



                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 10. of 12




                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0011659
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    SEMIANNUAL DUTIES- - - 1st & 3rd Floor
                                                          HOUSEKEEPER II

                    WHAT             HOW

                   Kitchen           Chef deep cleans all surface areas (range, shelves, stove, grill, counter tops);
                                     cabinets, drawers, floors, wood trim, windows, sills, and walls. Windows & curtains
                                     are maintained by Housekeepers.




                   ANNUAL DUTIES- - - 1st & 3rd Floor

                                                         HOUSEKEEPER II

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Veranda           (May) Discuss annual deck cleaning with manager who will call D.O.A. Garden Crew
                   1'` Floor         to set out wrought iron furniture and white plastic storage boxes; and to hang the privacy
                                     screen on the inside of the veranda railings (approx. May 15).
                                     (September) Request Manager to call D.O.A. to remove and store the furniture and the
                                     privacy screen. Then clean and store "DRY" cushions in large green plastic bags (from
                                     D.O.A. and give to D.O.A. for storage).

                   Butler's Pantry   (June) With House Steward, wash contents, wipe out interior of cabinets with "Murphy's
                                     Soap," inventory (copy Inventory sheets stored in Manager's closet in black binder).

                   Drapes            Vacuum drapes and curtains; wash every two years, but ONLY after discussion with
                                     Manager. Send draperies to cleaner after discussion with Manager only.

                   Linens            With House Steward, inventory, and assess linens for repairs/replacement. Send
                                     bedspreads to the cleaners; sort and label all sheets and store on appropriate floor where
                                     they are used. Post on list in the two laundry rooms, and 3rd floor supply closet.

                   Spring            Drapes, carpets, radiators, rotate carpets (DOA assists with rotating carpets & will bleed
                   Cleaning          radiators when helping to move them for cleaning).

                   Storm             D.O.A. installs (approx. Sept. 30) according to storm window inventory list. After
                   Windows           they are finished, check window ledges for spot cleaning where they worked inside.
                                     DOA removes approx. May 1't. Also, see "window washing."

                   Tile walls        Clean all tile walls using "409" or "Orange Clean."



                                                               Housekeeper II
                                                                Page 11 of 12




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0011660
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   ANNUAL DUTIES--- HOUSEKEEPER II (continued)

                   WHAT              HOW

                   Walls             Use "Murphy's Soap" in bucket and/or "409" to wipe down wallpaper and wash glossy
                                     walls. Inspect wallpaper carefully for gouges, tears, separations. Re-glue to wall, as
                                     repair needs are located. All Library cabinets & wood can be cleaned/polished with
                                     Pledge. NOTE: Be sure to use cloth gloves to move 1 /2 shelf of museum artifacts at a
                                     time, clean that 1/2 shelf with Pledge and return those items to original location on that
                                     1/2 shelf before going to the other portions of the shelves.

                   Cedar Closet/3`d Wash window, floor & curtains (when Family is gone) after scheduling with Manager.

                   Linen Closet/3"d Keep supplies stocked, clean and organized.

                   Furniture         Check for scratches and use the "Scratch Remover Stick" (or product that produces the
                                     same results) to help cover. Polish all furniture, let it dry for the appropriate amount of
                                     time, then wipe off well.

                   Christmas         (September-December) Assist in kitchen with Christmas Open House food preparation,
                                     as needed. Coordinate with Manager to assist with decorating and dismantling of
                                     decorations during the Holidays. Before storing boxes, each staff person will reconfirm
                                     that each box is properly labeled as to where it was used in the decoration scheme.




                                                               Housekeeper H
                                                                Page 12 of 12




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0011661
