Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 6:44 PM
            To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
            Subject:                 Re: CP meeting


            Thanks - but only if you're not doing anything else that afternoon! (Yeah, right...) And
            really the purpose is to take wind out of their "She won't even listen to us" sails before
            Brians 's next leggies update.



            We do need a come-to-Jesus mtg with them and once and for all I'd hope they'd tell me what
            their problem is, specifically, so I'd know how to better answer lawmakers and supporters
            who scratch their heads wondering if it's true CP is doing the outreach and I'm refusing
            their attempts to tell me "the Plan". Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry° device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2008 18:32:04

            To:gov.sarahoyahoo.com

            Subject: Re: CP meeting




            Governor, both Pat Galvin and I will be at Sunday' s meeting .              I wouldn't miss it. Thanks
            for moving the meeting to Anchorage.

             Marty



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yyahoo.com>

            To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR);             Galvin, Patrick S ( DOR); Balash,
           Joseph R (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Feb 08 18:28 :55 2008

             Subject: Re: CP meeting



            What about other available folks, but not you as your Fairbanks plans should really be
           set and adhered to! If you feel you must hear any new news from CP you could dial in from
           Fairbanks.

            Sent from my B1ackBerryO device from Cellular One

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011671
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              -----Original Message-----

             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Fri, 08 Feb 2008 18:26:28

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Galvin,
            Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)"
            <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Subject :   Re: CP meeting




             I know you care and please continue to know how much-1/we               u. You certainly are
            be and capable of meetin g with them by ourself . Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                  -nn,d - D--- - I RAn4-- D-4-4-A
                                       1                                                          1-   We are- on cre
              g       track an ey o w n        t o s top w a we are doing .    s ee you on Sun ay.        Tom



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

              Cc: Mason , Janice L (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR);         Rutherford, Marty K ( DNR); Balash,
            Joseph R (GOV)

              Sent : Fri Feb 08 18:12 : 23 2008

              Subject : Re: CP meeting



             I'm happy to meet with them on Sunday without others ... And I knew it was difficult to
           get folks back here before CP ' s presentation to Legislative caucus so I thought Sunday in
           Anchorage would be more convenient for more participants , but only if they wanted to hear
           from CP .   But truly , understanding everyone ' s time constraints and time already put into
           this , I am not needing nor requiring others to be there.



             I just really need to know for myself what CP's "plan " is before they once again go in
           front of the legislature and suggest that I won ' t hear them out.



             I can hear them out without saying any "wrong thing" or committing to anything- but I do
           need to hear what they ' ve been telling Alaskans they have to offer.



             Bowles speaks with Mulva on Tues or wed, and I wanted to hear from them before that
           meeting so they can't tell Mulva I've not been amenable to at least hearing them out.



             I am not requesting others to be there , but Sunday after I get Todd on the Iron Dog
                                                         2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0011672
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           trail and the girls and I head right back to the airport I will be taking advantage of
           those couple of hours to do some Anchorage office work and have asked Bowles to present to
           me their plan at that time instead of waiting for anyone to hustle down to Juneau.



             Please don ' t feel pressured to be there - Pat, Marty , Joe, etc , either . Thanks for all
           your good work on all this . I'll be hearing from CP for my own good , no one else is
           required to be there . Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Irwin, Tom E ( DNR)" <tom .irwin@alaska.gov>



              Date : Fri, 08 Feb 2008 17:39:33

              To:gov . sarah®yahoo.com

              Subject : CP meeting




             Governor ,   sorry to write this but someone needs to speak up so please understand. We
           are working our hearts out and our work schedule has been unbelievable days , nights and
           weekends .   Marty has been away from home too much and very ! sick the last several days.
           Pat. went to Hawaii and then worked the full time .  I have cancelled two trips to Hawaii
           including our 40th anniversary celebration, rescheduled for next June .    Sharon arranged a
           valentines date out on Saturday but I asked to move it to Sunday so I could meet with the
           Port Authority Saturday .    We will make the Sunday meeting but it is getting really hard.
           Conoco is starting to drive us like before and we are not the servants . They can be more
           help full also .      Thanks and we remain dedicated   God bless. Tom




                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0011673
