Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Friday, February 08, 2008 9:47 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: New Date: IT Infrastructure Lines of Business Workshop



               From : IT Infrastructure LOB Workshop - March 10 New Date (mailto:training@potomacforum-IT-
               LOB.org]
               Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 7:44 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: New Date: IT Infrastructure Lines of Business Workshop

                  Please forward to your Associates : CIO, CFO, Budget, Program Managers, Staff, and all Interested in the
                                                      OMB Lines of Business Initiatives-


                                          Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                                         Line of Business (LOB) Initiative Workshop-
                                           Understanding the Impact on Your Agency
                              What you Need to Know and How to Position Your Transition for Success

                                                      NEW DATE : March 10, 2008
                                             City Club of Washington at Columbia Square
                                                           Washington, D.C.

                        This one-day Workshop will provide participants with the foundation that Is needed to
                      transition their agencies to successfully achieve the vision of the Information Technology
                                              Infrastructure (ITI) Line of Business (LOB).

                                       Most agencies will be Impacted by the IT] LOB initiative

                          Latest OMB Guidance on Budget Preparation Considering ir Infrastructure LOB




                        What You Will Learn:

                          > Understand the concept behind OMB's Information Technology Infrastructure (ITI)
                                     Lines of Business (LOB) initiative and the current status of the initiative

                          > Know how to assess your organization to determine where your cost or
                                    level of service differs from industry best-of-breed IT organizations

                              Know how to formulate your agencies response to achieve the cost and
                                     service level goals of the ITI LOB

                          A Understand what steps are required to transition your organization to a
                                      best-of-breed organization

                          > Learn tools and tips for ensuring your agency is continually



               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011664
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2



                                        achieving best-of-breed status

                                                   New OMB Budget Preparation Guidance Discussed


                                                         Registration and Information:
                                                             www.potomacforum.org
                                                                   Call: (703) 683-1613

                                                                   Sponsored by:
                                                               Potomac Forum, Ltd.
                                            a non-profit educational organization founded in 1982




                                                     This email was sent to : governor@ gov.state.ak.us

                            We hope that you will want to continue receiving Information about Potomac Forum , Ltd. training,
                            professional development and other events of Interest to the government and industry partners.
                            We safeguard our lists and do not rent, sell, or permit the use of our lists by others , at any time,
                                                                     for any reason.

                             If you wish to be electronically taken off this mail list of training opportunities , please go here or
                                                                   dl your email Information.




                                                                           Potomac Foram, Ltd.




                                                     This email was sent by : Potomac Forum, Ltd.
                                                 10137 Colebrook Ave, Potomac , Maryland , 20854 , USA




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0011665
