Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 6:29 PM
            To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Balash; Joseph R
                                     (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: CP meeting


            What about other available folks, but not you as your Fairbanks plans should really be set
            and adhered to! If you feel you must hear any new news from CP you could dial in from
            Fairbanks.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2008 18:26:28

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" cmarty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Galvin,
            Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)"
            <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: CP meeting




            I know you care and please continue to know how much I/we s port you. You certainly are
              evond capable o f meeting with th-em by your    rivileged or Personal Material Redacted
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
           p rivi leg ed or Persona l ateria a acte                                        We are on the
            right track and they o want to stop what we are doing. See you on Sun ay.          Tom



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

            Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR);               Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Balash,
           Joseph R (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Feb 08 18:12:23 2008

             Subject: Re: CP meeting



            I'm happy to meet with them on Sunday without others... And I knew it was difficult to
           get folks back here before CP's presentation to Legislative caucus so I thought Sunday in
           Anchorage would be more convenient for more participants, but only if they wanted to hear
           from CP.   But truly, understanding everyone's time constraints and time already put into
           this, I am not needing nor requiring others to be there.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0011676
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                  I



             I just really need to know for myself what CP's "plan " is before they once again go in
            front of the legislature and suggest that I won ' t hear them out.



             I can hear them out without saying any " wrong thing " or committing to anything - but I do
            need to hear what they ' ve been telling Alaskans they have to offer.



             Bowles speaks with Mulva on Tues or Wed, and I wanted to hear from them before that
            meeting so they can't tell Mulva I've not been amenable to at least hearing them out.



             I am not requesting others to be there , but Sunday after I get Todd on the Iron Dog trail
            and the girls and I head right back to the airport I will be taking advantage of those
            couple of hours to do some Anchorage office work and have asked Bowles to present to me
            their plan at that time instead of waiting for anyone to hustle down to Juneau.



             Please don ' t feel pressured to be there - Pat, Marty , Joe, etc, either . Thanks for all
            your good work on all this . I'll be hearing from CP for my own good , no one else is
            required to be there . Thanks!

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Irwin,   Tom E   ( DNR)" <tom.irwin @alaska.gov>



             Date : Fri, 08 Feb 2008 17:39:33

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: CP meeting




            Governor ,  sorry to write this but someone needs to speak up so please understand. We
           are working our hearts out and our work schedule has been unbelievable days , nights and
           weekends .  Marty has been away from home too much and very ! sick the last several days.
           Pat went to Hawaii and then worked the full time .  I have cancelled two trips to Hawaii
           including our 40th anniversary celebration , rescheduled for next June .  Sharon arranged a
           valentines date out on Saturday but I asked to move it to Sunday so I could meet with the
           Port Authority Saturday .   we will make the Sunday meeting but it is getting really hard.
           Conoco is starting to drive us like before and we are not the servants . They can be more
           help full also .     Thanks and we remain dedicated   God bless. Tom




                                                                 2




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011677
