Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 6:12 PM
           To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash; Joseph
                                    R (GOV)
           Subject :                Re: CP meeting


           I'm happy to meet with them on Sunday without others... And I knew it was difficult to get
           folks back here before CP's presentation to Legislative caucus so I thought Sunday in
           Anchorage would be more convenient for more participants, but only if they wanted to hear
           from CP.   But truly, understanding everyone's time constraints and time already put into
           this, I am not needing nor requiring others to be there.



           I just really need to know for myself what CP's "plan" is before they once again go in
           front of the legislature and suggest that I won't hear them out.



           I can hear them out without saying any "wrong thing" or committing to anything- but I do
           need to hear what they've been telling Alaskans they have to offer.



          Bowles speaks with Mulva on Tues or Wed, and I wanted to hear from them before that
          meeting so they can't tell Mulva I've not been amenable to at least hearing them out.



          I am not requesting others to be there, but Sunday after I get Todd on the Iron Dog trail
          and the girls and I head right back to the airport I will be taking advantage of those
          couple of hours to do some Anchorage office work and have asked Bowles to present to me
          their plan at that time instead of waiting for anyone to hustle down to Juneau.



          Please don't feel pressured to be there - Pat, Marty, Joe, etc, either. Thanks for all
          your good work on all this. I'll be hearing from CP for my own good, no one else is
          required to be there. Thanks!

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR )" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



          Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2008 17:39:33

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: CP meeting




          Governor,    sorry to write this but someone needs to speak up so please understand. We are
                                                                  1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0011679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           working our hearts out and our work schedule has been unbelievable days , nights and
           weekends . Marty has been away from home too much and very l sick the last several days.
           Pat went to Hawaii and then worked the full time .  I have cancelled two trips to Hawaii
           including our 40th anniversary celebration , rescheduled for next June. Sharon arranged a
           valentines date out on Saturday but I asked to move it to Sunday so I could meet with the
           Port Authority Saturday .  We will make the Sunday meeting but it is getting really hard.
           Conoco is starting to drive us like before and we are not the servants. They can be more
           help full also .    Thanks and we remain dedicated    God bless. Tom




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011680
