Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) ( govpalin©alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 2:34 PM
            To:                      Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Press Release : Governor Patin Makes Board of Game Appointment


            Thank you.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV) <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

            Cc: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

            Sent: Fri Feb 08 14:29:37 2008

            Subject: Press Release : Governor Palin Makes Board of Game Appointment




           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                   No:
           08-019




           Governor Palin Makes Board of Game Appointment




           February 8, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced that she has
           appointed Craig Fleener to serve on the Board of Game.



           Fleener is a lifelong Alaskan from Fort Yukon. He has worked as an environmental manager,
           project coordinator, wildlife biologist, natural resources director and Executive Director
           of the Council of Athabascan Tribal Governments. Fleener served in the military for more
           than 21 years and is currently an Intelligence Officer in the Alaska Air National Guard,
           stationed at Eielson Air Force Base.
                                                        1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0011692
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Fleener has served on numerous boards and committees including Gwich ' in Council
            International , Alaska Native Health Board and Eastern Interior Subsistence Federal
            Regional Advisory Committee.   He served as deputy Mayor in Fort Yukon .  Fleener holds a
            bachelor of science degree in natural resource management from the University of Alaska
            Fairbanks . He has a wife and four children.



            Governor Palin appointed Fleener after Teresa Sager-Albaugh, of the Mentasta Pass area,
            withdrew her name from consideration.




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0011693
