Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 3


                Unknown
                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Monday, February 11, 2008 7:52 AM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Make Your Air and Hotel Plans Today to attend Legislative Fly-In




               From: Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
               Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 6:58 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Make Your Air and Hotel Plans Today to attend Legislative Fly-In



               Alaska State Chamber of
               Commerce
               February 8, 2008 E-News
               Book Your Plans to Attend Legislative Fly-in to Juneau Today!
               Register on line in minutes by clicking here and let us know that you are planning to attend the State
               Chamber Legislative Fly-In in Juneau on March 3-5th! To influence public policy effectively you want
               your elected officials to know you as a human being, not just an Issue advocate . Every person who
               attends can make a difference for Alaska's business community.

               First attend our Legislative Advocacy Training with Mike Walsh, Ph.D., Director of Interior Services for
               The Foraker Group on Monday, March 3rd. Our Legislative Forums , Visits with Key Legislators and
               Legislative Reception begin Tuesday, March 4th and run until 1:00 p.m. on Wednesday, March 5th. For
               additional information Click Here or call the Anchorage Development Office at (907) 278-2727.

               We urge you to be safe and make your air travel and hotel reservations today ! This timeframe is expected
               to sell out in Juneau . Take advantage of the group rate at the Westmark Baranof Hotel and the
               Constituent Discount with Alaska Airlines.

              The Westmark Baranof Hotel is offering a discounted rate of $119 per room, per night. This room block
              and rate is only valid through February 16 , 2008. These dates are predicted to be sold out dates in
              Juneau . Please call 1-800-544-0970 today and make your hotel reservations under the group name:
              ALST021108.

              Alaska Airlines has extended a special "Alaska State Constituent Fare" available to all Alaska residents.
              This fare is only accessible online and requires passengers to have a 'MyAlaskaAir' account in order to
              receive the discount. You will need to log into your 'MyAlaskaAir' to obtain your discount e-certificate
              code. Discounts are valid directionally to Juneau from select in-state cities . Terms and conditions apply.
              For more information or to purchase your Constituent fare please visit alaskaair . com. If you need
              assistance creating or accessing your 'MyAlaskaAir' account, please contac! t the Alaska Airlines
              Customer Care center at 1-800-654-5669.

              Carlile Announces New President


               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011702
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3


                Long time State Chamber member and supporter Linda Leary has been elected by the board of directors of
                Carlile Transportation Systems to serve as company president , effective March 1.

               Co-founder and current president Harry McDonald will continue to serve as chief executive officer . Leary joined
               Carlile in 1985 and has most recently served as vice president of sales and marketing in the company's Tacoma,
               Wash., office. She and her family will relocate to corporate headquarters in Anchorage . Leary earned a master's
               degree in global supply chain management from the University of Alaska and an undergraduate degree from the
               University of Maine . Leary actively participates in many community programs and organizations including various
               local chambers of commerce , industry associations , the Port of Tacoma and a variety of nonprofit groups. She
               represents Carlile in the Susan G. Koman 's Breast Cancer annual three-day walk for breast cancer research.
               Carlile Transportation Systems , based in Anchorage , has 635 employees , including 110 at the Tacoma location.
               Carlile is in the midst of launching new service between the West Coast and Ho! nolulu.

                                             UAA's Alaska Performance Excellence Program
                           New Program Helps Alaska Organizations Improve Performance
               At first glance, it may seem like the new Alaska Performance Excellence Program (APEX) is about Alaska
               businesses and organizations applying and competing for an award . However, the program is about much more
               than winning awards - it's about helping Alaska organizations identify their strengths and opportunities for
               improvement.

               "Most organizations are interested in competing and winning , and competition can help accelerate
               change . But it's not all about winning an award. Its about receiving feedback, improving performance and
               hearing about other organizations ' best practices," says Ben Park, CEO of APEX, which is part of UAA's Alaska
               Small Business Development Center and is funded with charitable contributions from BP and ConocoPhillips
               through the UA Foundation.

               APEX is a state award program tailored after the Baldrige National Quality Program ( BNQP), which has been
               sponsored by the U.S. Department of Commerce since 1988 . Every year, BNQP awards the Malcolm Baldrige
               National Quality Award , which is the highest level of national recognition a U.S. organization can achieve for
               performance excellence . Applicants are evaluated on seven areas , including leadership , strategic planning,
               customer and market focus , measurement, analysis and knowledge management; workforce focus, process
               management and results.

               After creation of the national program , it soon became clear there was a need to help organizations grow and
               mature, since only 5 percent of the organizations that compete for Baldrige win it. Nearly all 50 states
               implemented a Baldrige-type state award program . With the creation of APEX in May 2006 , Alaska will now be
               one of those states.

               While the national award application process is intensive , requiring organizations to complete a 50-page
               application and undergo a multi-day site visit , the APEX program will offer three participation levels for Alaska
               organizations to choose from. A pilot program was launched this summer , and the full program will be offered in
               2008.

               The first level is the self-assessment level. Organizations will complete a self-assessment survey and attend a
               one-day workshop to review the results of their survey , learn about the Baldrige Criteria for Performance
               Excellence , and create an organizational profile.

               The next level is called the achievement award level . At this level , organizations will complete a 25-page
               application and a five-page organizational profile . A team of three to five state examiners will review the
               application , provide a feedback report outlining strengths and opportunities , and complete an optional site visit.

              The third level, called the excellence award level, most closely mirrors the national Baldrige program.
              Organizations complete a 50-page application and a five-page organizational profile . A team of six to eight state
              examiners will review the application , provide a feedback report and complete an optional site visit.

              Regardless of what level an organization participates in, they will be invited to an annual recognition ceremony,
              where participants will be recognized , state-level awards will, be presented , and the organizations can share their



               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011703
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3


                processes.

                "It's powerful because everybody can learn from everybody else," says Park, who worked for. McDonnell
                Douglas/Boeing for 30 years and was a Baldrige National Quality Award Examiner in 2005 and 2006.

                There are other tangible benefits from participating in programs like APEX. For example , a 1999 survey found
                organizations that won their state award outperformed other similar organizations with 58 percent faster growth in
                stock price appreciation , 116 percent faster sales growth, and 114 percent faster total assets growth.

                Participating organizations can be from any sector , including health care, education, not-for-profit and business,
                including manufacturing , services and small business.

                "Any organization can benefit from this program , from big oil companies to espresso stands and car dealerships,"
                says Park, who added that the Chugach School District won the national Baldrige award in 2001.

                For more information, contact Ben Park at 907-748-7919 or anbso(cDuaa. alaska .edu or visit www.akapex.com.




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0011704
