Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, February 08, 2008 9:57 AM
           To:                       muhrune@hotmail.com
           Subject:                  RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns, opinions , and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .  Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need , suggestion , or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 9:59 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



          Web mail from : Ms. Ellen Mannion

          address: P.O. Box 70128 Fairbank AK 99707




          MESSAGE:

          Thank you Governor Palin,

                 For honestly working toward cleaning up our legislature . And for keeping focused on
          doing what you see as best for Alaska . As an Independent who most often votes for
          Democratic Party candidates , I am happily surprised by your attitude and find you a breath
          of fresh air when looking at our political process . I can't say that I agree with all of
          your actions , but the motivation behind them is quite clear . You are reshaping Alaska into
          a place that our children and grandchildren will be proud of.

                      Thank you again .    Ellen Mannion



          muhrune@hotmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0011728
