Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 9:57 AM
           To:                      sigel@clearwire.net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 9:48 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Franz Shroy

           address: 2201 Sentry Drive #12 Anchorage AK 99507

            907-276-4110




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin.



          I am so amazingly proud of you that I could burst! You have restored my faith in elected
          officials in that now, I actually believe (again) that it IS possible to elect honest,
          intelligent, and caring people to political office that truly have the good-of-the-people
          at heart.



          Beyond that, a couple of weeks ago I almost fell over when I saw you on TV sharing your
          faith! I instantly remembered a Twila Paris song - "The warrior is a child." I sometimes
          forget to look past your smile to see the warrior behind the pretty face. I appreciate
          your gutsy personality beyond my ability to describe.



          Please be encouraged by knowing that my family and I will be praying for you daily, and we
          are behind you 110%!



          Thank you SO much for your service to Alaska, and for your steadfastness! I LOVE it!




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0011726
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Franz Sigel Shroy



           sigel@clearwire.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011727
