Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 9:59 AM
           To:                      scottu21072@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need , suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 9:31 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Scott Ungerecht

           address :   1904 H Avenue, Apartment D-2 La Grande OR 97850

            541-963-8161



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           Greetings from La Grand, Oregon. How are you? I hope your son, Track, is doing good while
           continuing to proudly serve his nation as an enlisted soldier in the United States Army.



           As a former long-time Alaska resident, and as a positive supporter of the Palin
           administration, I am writing this letter to wish you a very happy, healthy and prosperous
           44th birthday on Monday, February 11th.



           Like yourself, I will also be celebrating a birthday as well, which is my 36th birthday,
           on Sunday, February 10th. I will be celebrating my birthday here in La Grande.



           Although I was born in Anchorage, Alaska in 1972, I consider Homer, Alaska as my hometown
           because I spent 15 out of my 30 years in Alaska living in Homer.



           Homer, Alaska is a very unique and special place to me for many good reasons. In Homer, I
           spent five years being an active volunteer with the Homer Chamber of Commerce. I also
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0011723
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            first learned in Homer how to greatly appreciate the arts and how to always help people
            whom are in need throughout the rest of my adult life.



            I relocated from Alaska to Baker City, Oregon in 2002 and I have never forgotten Alaska or
            the people who live in your fantastic state. The reason I chose to relocate from Alaska to
            Baker City in 2002 is because I wanted to live closer to my parents, who are my closest
            living relatives.



           Even though I live over 2,000 air miles from Alaska, there are days when I really miss
           living in Alaska. I miss the natural outdoor scenic beauty of the mountains and frozen
           landscapes. I miss the wonderful and caring Alaskans I remember from my past. I also miss
           getting a PDF check in my mailbox every year as an Alaskan resident, too.



           There are many things that I truly miss about my home state of Alaska. Because my 36th
           birthday is only a few days away, I have decided to write the following poem for myself
           entitled "Why I Love Alaska". I wrote this poem to remind me of why Alaska is so very
           important to me and I thought that I would share it today.




           Why I Love Alaska

           By: Scott Alan Ungerecht

           La Grande , Oregon



           I love Alaska for its official colors of gold and blue,

           Flying high above the Last Frontier in a proud state flag.



           I love Alaska for its sub-freezing winters,

           Which can often make you yearn for nicer tropical weather.



           I love Alaska for its warm summer days,

           Where lemonade is more pleasant then a winter parka.



           I love Alaska for its traditional dog mushing sport,

           Where dogs and Alaskans can run wild and truly be free.



           I love Alaska for its beautiful mountains and vast tundra,

           Where many people hike around yearly and have lots of fun.



          I love Alaska for its beautiful wolves and famous elephants,
                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011724
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Where Maggie can fly, Annabel can paint and wolves can always be on the prowl.



            I love Alaska for its rich culture of Alaska native traditions,

           Where "the blanket toss"       is more famous then Maria Downey or John Tracy of KTUU Channel 2
           News.



            I love Alaska for its wonderfully warm and caring citizens,

           Where women can win the Iditarod and become a state governor.



           I love Alaska for its news media and unique state leadership,

           Where the voice of Alaska is strong and the news is never dull.



           I love Alaska because I grew up watching Congressman Don Young and Senator Ted Stevens
           serve in Alaska' s state delegation,,

           Where few others can serve longer while caring more about their fellow Alaskans.



           I love Alaska for many things, too numerous to mention here,

           But I love Alaska best of all because I was born in Anchorage, and always inside my heart,
           will Alaska be considered my one true home.




           Governor Palin, I hope you enjoyed reading my poem and, again, I hope you have a very
           happy 44th birthday on Monday, February 11th. I hope you have a wonderful day!




           Sincerely,

           Scott A. Ungerecht

           1904 H Avenue

           Apartment D-2

           La Grande ,   Oregon 97850

           Phone: 541-963-8161

          Email :   scottu21072@yahoo.com




          scottu2lO72@yahoo.com




                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0011725
