Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


               Unknown
               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov)
               Sent:    Friday, February 08, 2008 9:48 AM
               To:      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
               Subject : FW: Fairbanks Neighborhood Housing Services, Inc.




              From : NeighborWorks Grants Announcement [mailto:NWGrantsAnnouncement@nw.org]
              Sent: Friday, February 08, 2008 6:53 AM
              Subject: Fairbanks Neighborhood Housing Services, Inc.

              Fairbanks Neighborhood Housing Services, Inc., a member of the national NeighborWorks®
              network, is receiving $245,000 in flexible first round grant funds from NeighborWorks®
              America - providing a much-needed boost in support of their affordable housing and community
              development activities. Overall, NeighborWorks® organizations in Alaska will receive $445,000
              in NeighborWorks® America grants this year. Working together, NeighborWorks® America and
              NeighborWorks® organizations throughout Alaska will be responsible for leveraging $16.4
              million reinvested in the community to create more economic development and affordable
              housing opportunities for Alaska citizens.

              In FY 2008, NeighborWorks® America (also known as the Neighborhood Reinvestment
              Corporation) will provide more than $76 million in grants to its national network of more than
              230 community-based nonprofit organizations to create homeownership for lower-income
              families, produce and manage affordable, high-quality rental properties, stem the tide of
              foreclosures that threaten neighborhoods and local economies, and revitalize and strengthen
              communities. Additionally, NeighborWorks® America will provide more than $167 million in
              National Foreclosure Mitigation Counseling Program grants to HUD-approved housing
              counseling intermediaries and state housing finance agencies through a special appropriation of
              funds provided through the FY 2008 Consolidated Appropriations Act.

              "For every one dollar of NeighborWorks® grants, we help leverage $37 in investment for
              America's communities, resulting in a direct investment of nearly $4 billion in distressed
              communities in fiscal year 2007, primarily from the private sector. As stewards of taxpayer
              dollars, NeighborWorks® ensures our investments are working in ways that truly make a
              difference," said NeighborWorks® America CEO Ken Wade. "We thank Congress and our other
              private, philanthropic and public fenders who make our work to expand affordable housing
              opportunities, strengthen communities and stem foreclosures possible. Although no one .
              organization or sector can resolve the foreclosure problem alone, NeighborWorks® America is
              making a significant contribution to this effort."

             established by Congress in 1978 as the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation,
             NeighborWorks® America is the original community/public/private partnership model, with
             locally-driven, efficient community development and leverage of the public investment as its
             hallmarks. Over the past 30 years, NeighborWorks® America and the NeighborWorks® System
             have consistently replicated this successful model in over 4,450 communities in all 50 states, the
             District of Columbia and Puerto Rico; in America's urban, suburban and rural communities.



              10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0011744
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2



              NeighborWorks® organizations receive grants and programmatic support from NeighborWorks®
              America, as well as training scholarships to the NeighborWorks® Training Institute.

              Over the past five years the NeighborWorks® network has been able to:

                  · Invest nearly $ 15 billion in America's urban, rural , and suburban communities;
                  · Provide homeownership counseling to more than 400,000 families;
                 · Assist more than 80,000 American families of modest means achieve their dream of home
                    ownership;
                 · Develop, own and manage over 70,000 units of affordable , high quality multifamily housing;
                 · Rehabilitate more than 80,000 homes , using state -of-the-art methods, including green and healthy
                    building techniques;
                 · Create the nation's largest force of certified homeownership education and foreclosure
                    intervention counselors;
                 · Invest in rebuilding efforts in hurricane-affected communities across the Gulf Coast; and
                 · Mobilize hundreds of thousands of volunteers to revitalize communities.


              For questions about NeighborWorks® America or these grants awards, please reply to this e-mail or call
              (202) 220-2443.




              10/29/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011745
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                     Page 1 of 4


              Unknown

              From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor©alaska.govj
              Sent:        Friday , February 08, 2008 3:53 PM
              To:          Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Putting Alaska First - Jan-Feb 2008




               It this newsletter dons not display, you can view it online here »>
                                              correctty.




                                                                                                          X!


                     AGIA Town Hall Meetings Set for February                                                           'We have such gm
                                                                                                                                  is great,
               Governor Patin a Destine Team will hold Town Hall information meetings around the         Governor Sarah Patin delivered h
                 state . Come learn what the stale is doing to advance the project . These meetings
                are not pan of the public comment period under AGIA and am not public hearings.          joint session of the Alaska Legisle
                                There are multiple meetings on the some date in different locations.     geographical differences . She cal
               All meetings will be 8.8 p.m . except Anchorage . which will be 7-9 p.m.. and Barrow,     In a call for self-sufficiency, she at
                    which w11 be 2-6 p . m. For more information contact Allison Iversen at 907-257.
                                                                                               1304.     earmarks, a theme echoed in Pre

                                                                            Monday.. February. g         The Governor also said that Alasi
                                                                         Palmer. The Palmer Depot        develop its natural resources for t
                                                                             Tuesday.- February 19
                                                                                                19       Alaskans and the entire United St
                                                                 Anchorage: UAA Lucy Cuddy Hall
                                                                 NOTE- Anchorage wig be 7.9 p.m           An AGIA license gets the ball roll
                                                                                                         and opens the door to innovative
                                                                       Wednesday . Fabruarv o            partnerships . We are reasonable
                                                 Sitka: Harhgan Centennial Hall , Maksoxitoff Room       partnerships that, at the.end of th-
                                                            Kotzebue NWAB Assembly Chambers              long-awaited gas line built," she s
                                                                      McGrath : Capin Snow Center
                                                                                  Assembly Room          The governor focused on defverir
                                                                                                         in K-12 education . She also made
                                                                            Thursday. February, 21
                                                                                                2        for Alaskans to take personal rest
                                                                       Ketchikan : Cape Fox Lodge        healthy choices.
                                                                                    Mountain Room
                                                                                                0
                                                                        Nome: St . Josephs Church
                                                                Bethel: UAF - Kuskokwin Campus
                                                                  Yupla Picinyarait Cultural Center

                                                                               Friday, Febroerv d
                                                                           Juneau Centennial Hall.
                                                                                     Hickel Room

                                                                                              2
                                                                             Monday. February 28
                                                                Delta Junction: Community Center
                                                                    Kenai Kenai Peninsula College

                                                                            TWsdaY, F9brue1Y.29           r^Z Director Doug Larsen
                                                                   Barrow : tnupiat Heritage Center
                                                                    NOTE Barrow edt be 2-5 p.m.
                                                Dillingham : Dillingham Middle School Gymnasitan

                                                                         Wednesday. FaPANry.g
                                                                        Fairbanks, Carlson Center
                                                                                               rm
                                                                    Kodiak: High School Commons

                                                                           Thursday. Febraary 29
                                                                    Valdes: Valdez Convention and
                                                                           Civic Center. Ballroom 1


                                      .....................
                                                                                                  0
                    New Toll-free Number for Governor's Office
                                        Available to All Alaska Residents
                A new toll-free number will show Alaska residents to contact the Governor 's Office
                                                                        . from anywhere in the state'
                                                                                                         Working with wildlife over the year
                1-877-4235514. Toll-free service extends the reach of the Governor's Otttca to an        experienced some of the very bus
               Alaskans. especially those in rural areas, said Kits Perry . dkedor of the Governor's
                   Anchorage Office There is no charge to users of the number. This is the latest        aggregated tightly on ridges in the
                                   effort to find more efficient ways to serve the citizens of Alaska    coastal streams, to moose joustint
                                                                                                         memorable career,




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0011746
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 4



                                                                                                         Q: What do you do for fun?
                                                                                      u                  I enjoy hunting , hiking, fishing and camping . I also enjoy wood working and taking walks with
                                                                         Serving Alaska                  my wife and two yellow labs . I have enjoyed being involved in Boy Scouting with my two
                                                                                                         sons and have great memories of kayaking in Seymour Canal , canoeing in Kootznahoo Inlet,
                    About 2.000 Alaskans from more than 100 communities are serving on the t22           canoeing down the Yukon River and hiking over the famous Chilkoot Trail.
               state boards and commissions, from the Alaska State Board of Public Accountancy
              to the Yukon River Panel. With 10-15 board terms expiring every month, recruitment
                     is ongoing. All Alaskans are encouraged to apply or make a recommendation.          Q: What are among your most favorite memories?
                                                                                                         I have many wonderful memories, including flying low over the arctic' s snow-covered tundra
                  CLICK for more information on all of the boards end commissions and the                in our ski-equipped Supercub, counting and capturing mountain goats in the rugged
                                                                        application process.
                                                                                                         mountains of Southeast Alaska , radio-collaring and studying brown bears and wolves,
                                                                                                         stalking Dail sheep. mountain goats and caribou with my wife and sons . flying to remote
                                      .....................                                              rivers to fish for lunker char , and boating along Southeast Alaska ' s rugged and beautiful
                                                                                                  u      coastline.
                                 Denali Award Nominations Deadline
                                                                                                         Q; What was your least favorite job and /or experience?
               The nonunatlon period for the second annual Governors Peak Performance Denali             While working in Ketchikan during the mid '90s. I was faced with the problem of numerous
                    Awards, which recognize outstanding employees and learns for excellence in           black bears moving into the community in search of food after the closure of the local landfill.
               seronx: to the state , will close Feb. 15 . Outstanding State of Alaska employees can     Although I was able to relocate more than 50 bears off Revilla Island with the help of
                  be nominated in four categories - coworker recognition, excellence in customer
                                                    service , exceptional performance and leadership.
                                                                                                         Ketchikan Pulp Company helicopters and pilots . I also had to dispatch several bears.
                                                                                                         Though necessary , I found this very distasteful. As a result, I became a crusader for properly
                         Nominations, which must be made on the official nomination tone for the         and responsibly handling human refuse in and around communities.
                       appropriate award category , can be made by any employee, including self.
                                                                                    nomination.
                                                                                                         0: What do you do for Fish and Game?
                                                                     CLICK for mom Information           I now serve as the director of the Division of Wildlife Conservation. My job involves
                                                                  about the nomination process.          overseeing the division 's management and research activities , along with personnel and
                                                                                                         budgeting details. The division has just over 200 employees , and its a pleasure and honor to
                                                                                                         work alongside some of the most hard working and dedicated people in state government.
                                      .....................
                                                                                                         Q: Why is predator control used In Alaska?
                    Administrative Order Authorizes Funds for                                            Wind game is an important source of meat for many Alaskans throughout the state , Not only
                                       Kivalina Storm Damage                                             is it less expensive than store - bought meat in many instances . but many people prefer the
                                                                                                         testa and the fact that it is organic and unaffected by additives . Recognizing this, the Alaska
                      Governor Sarah Patin agned an Administrative Order on Jan. 22 aulhonzing           Legislature and the Board of Game created laws and regulations to manage some
               disaster relief funds for the city of Kivalina , which was damaged by a fag sea storm
                   Sept. 12-14. A high surf and storm surge severely damaged more than had of e          specifically identified populations of moose , caribou and deer for high levels of human
                1,000-foot seawall and caused erosion in the Northwest Arctic Borough 's city, The       consumptive use. In instances where these identified populations are at lower levels than
               Department of Commerce, Constxmlly and Economic Development will coordinate               available habitat can support and where predators are determined to be the cause of the low
               war other state and federal agencies to propose long-term solutions to the ongoing        numbers , control efforts are implemented to reduce the numbers of predators . Temporarily
                     erosion ,sues in the city and other affected coastal communities in the state.
                                                                                                         reducing numbers of predators allow more moose , caribou and deer to survive and
                                                                                    CLICK to see         reproduce, thereby enabling populations to increase. Higher numbers of these species allow
                                                                        Administrative Order 239.        for higher levels of human harvests.

                                                                                                         0: What happens If predators are not controlled?
                                                                                                        ,Predator and prey populations can and do self-regulate , and predator control efforts are
                                                                                                            en not necessary or desired . In some instances, however, both predators and prey may
                                                                                                          xist at tow densities. Failing to reduce the numbers of predators in such instances can        °
                                                                                                          esult in persistently low numbers. If these areas coincide with those where determinations
               X Click to download a printable version of this Putting Alaska F'vst newsletter           have been made to provide for high levels of human consumptive use of moose , caribou or
                                                                                                         deer. failure to control predators will prevent this objective from being achieved . Currently,
                                                                                                         predator control is allowed on slightly less than 10 percent of Alaska 's land mass.

                                                                                                         0: What Is the difference between predator control and hunting?
                                                                                                         Hunting is a common and long - accepted activity in Alaska and elsewhere in the world. It
                                                                                                         involves 'fair chase ' whereby hunters are expected to use stealth and woodsmanship to
                                                                                                         stalk and harvest animals , and animals are afforded a reasonable chance of avoiding
                                                                                                         detection. Predator control , on the other hand , does not involve 'fair chase.' The objective is
                                                                                                         to locate and kill targeted numbers of predators as quickly and humanely as possible. This
                                                                                                         can involve the use of techniques forbidden under hunting practices , such as shooting from
                                                                                                         aircraft or lending an aircraft and then shooting . Whereas hunting can be undertaken by any
                                                                                                         member of the public who purchases the required licenses and tags , predator control can
                                                                                                         only be undertaken by specially-permitted and monitored Alaskan residents.

                                                                                                         0: What other programs are critical to protecting Alaska wildlife?
                                                                                                         The Division of Wildlife Conservation undertakes a number of programs as part of its
                                                                                                         management and conservation efforts . These include aerial and ground-based surveys to
                                                                                                         assess the status of predator and prey populations across the state, and research studies to
                                                                                                         learn about the movement patterns , reproductive capabilities , feeding habits , and habitat use
                                                                                                         and needs of various species and populations . Wildlife education programs and materials
                                                                                                         are important for providing information to interested members of the public, and
                                                                                                         administering and monitoring hunting seasons , hunters and harvests are important for
                                                                                                         ensuring long-term sustainability of wildlife populations . Additionally , enforcement efforts by
                                                                                                         the Department of Public Safety ' s Alaska Wildlife Troopers are critically important for
                                                                                                         ensuring adherence to established hunting seasons and bag limits.

                                                                                                         0: Where can Alaskans go to find Information about wildlife and wildlife issues?
                                                                                                         To find out more information about Alaska' s wildlife, predator management and other division
                                                                                                         programs go to the Alaska Department of Fish and Game website at
                                                                                                         http:/hvww. adfg. state.ak. usl




                                                                                                         As part of a final management plan for the Tongass National Forest. Governor Sarah Palin
                                                                                                         recently joined Forest Service Chief Abigail Kimbell in signing a "shared vision statement,"
                                                                                                         which establishes a plan for sustainability of the Tongass and Southeast Alaska's'
                                                                                                         communities.

                                                                                                        'This Is a tremendous step toward having a sustainable , integrated timber Industry,'
                                                                                                        Governor Patin said. 'Speaking now with one voice , we remain committed to responsible




              10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                                                              PRA-GS PO1_0011747
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                  Page 3 of 4


                                                          development that protects the diversity and health of the forest's wildlife while sustaining jobs
                                                          and subsistence for residents of Southeast Alaska.'

                                                          The 2008 Tongass National Forest Land
                                                          Management Plan Amendment was ordered more
                                                          than a year ago by a federal court that concluded the
                                                          1997 plan violated the law. The amended plan adds
                                                          90.000 acres to old growth reserves and protects
                                                          47,000 acres of land most vulnerable to
                                                          development . The amended plan, along with the final
                                                          environmental impact statement and the record of
                                                          decision , will be published in the Feb . 15 Federal
                                                          Register.

                                                          As the planning phase of the process is completed,
                                                          the State and Forest Service will shift their collective
                                                          efforts to Forest Plan implementation . The State will
                                                          continue to play an important role in this process and
                                                          will have staff working with the Forest Service to
                                                                                                                               VISIT ONLINE
                                                          begin putting the new Forest Plan to work on the                     hilplaongasvfpa4ust .netFPA ROO.htm
                                                          ground.                                                              VIEW PREAMBLE
                                                                                                                               Tongess Marogenront Plan Preamble


                                                          This process will emphasize both the conservation and economic timber aspects of the
                                                          plan, the two central strategies that must work together to have a successful outcome.




                                                                                                        New Alaska License Plate Honors Statehood
                                                                                                        The new Alaska Statehood Celebration license plate
                                                                                                        was recently unveiled at the statehood celebration
                                                                                                        kick-off at the Anchorage Museum of History and Art
                                                                                                        The new license plate was designed by Sitka artist
                                                                                                        Dean Potter, the winner of a statewide logo contest.

                                                                                                       To see his art unveiled, Potter was joined by
                                                                                                       Statehood Celebration supporters, including: First
                                                                                                       Gentleman Todd Palin and First Daughters Bristol,
                                                                                                     u Willow and Piper Patin; Lt. Governor Sean Parnell;
                                                                                                       Statehood Celebration Co-chairs Kris Perry and
                                                                                                       Melissa Stepovich; former Lt. Governor Jack Coghill:


                                                          i,LICK TO LISTEN
                                                          Governor Palin unveils the new Alaska
                                                           (arse plate honoeng 50 years of
                                                          statehood.
                                                          Constitutional Convention Delegate Vic Fischer; Constitutional Convention Chief Clerk
                                                          Katie Hurley; Attorney General Talis Colberg; DMVA Commissioner General Craig
                                                          Campbell; and DMV Director Whitney Brewster.

                                                          The new license plates will be the standard plates issued through 2009. Motorists who wish
                                                          to change their current plates may purchase the new statehood anniversary plates for $5 at
                                                          the Division of Motor Vehicles.

                                                          "This is a great start to what will be a wonderful year leading Lip to the 50th anniversary of
                                                          statehood .' Governor Pain said . 61 encourage all Alaskans to take part in the many
                                                          celebrations that are planned around the state."

                                                          The Alaska Statehood Celebration Commission, established in 2005 . has organized
                                                          numerous events to commemorate Alaska ' s 50th anniversary of admission as the 49th state.
                                                          The events will take place across Alaska on dates that coincide with historical events that led
                                                          to statehood.

                                                                                      IXI Alaska 50th State Anniversary License Plate Design
                                                                                          The new Aleske sutehood celebration License Plate




                                                                 May 28, 2008
                                                                 Celebration event in Fairbanks to commemorate the date Congress passed the
                                                                 Alaska Statehood Act.
                                                                 July 4, 2008
                                                                 Weekend event in Juneau marking the July 7 date the Act was signed by President
                                                                 Dwight D. Eisenhower.
                                                                 January 3, 2009
                                                                 Grand ball In Anchorage to celebrate the signing of the Declaration of Statehood.

                                                                 Communities across the state are encouraged to participate.


                                                          For more information , email AK50@alaska .gov or call Colleen Sullivan-Leonard at 907-269-
                                                          7450.




              10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0011748
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                      Page 4 of 4




                                                                    9
                                                                   Governor Sarah Patin and members of her staff , including Rural Advisor Rhonda McBride.
                                                                   recently met with Bethel leaders to discuss public safety and other issues facing the
                                                                   community . The Governor and Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan visited the
                                                                   Bethel Police Department and met with Alaska State Troopers to learn more about BPD,
                                                                   which needs to hire 11 officers. The Governor visited Bethel high school students during
                                                                   their lunch period.

                                                                                                                 At public radio station KYUK , Governor Palin took
                                                                                                                 part in her first bilingual interview, conducted by
                                                                                                                 veteran Yup'ik newsman John Active . She said she
                                                                                                                 was impressed with Active's seamless translation of
                                                                                                                 her answers into Yup ik. Among the topics of
                                                                                                                 discussion : the rural energy crisis, the Governor's
                                                                                                                 proposed alternative energy fund , municipal revenue
                                                                                                                 sharing and meeting the needs of elders.

                                                                                                                 Governor Palin also met with regional Native leaders
                                                                                                                 at a luncheon hosted by the Yukon Kuskokwim
                                                                                                                 Health Corporation and the Association of Village
                                                                                                                 Council Presidents.


                                                                   Governor Sarah Pate reveled to Bethel an
                                                                   Thursday. January 10, to meet with
                                                                   community leaders and discuss public safety
                                                                   and other issues facing the commungy.
                                                                   Photo by Bethel Regional High School
                                                                   Yearbook Staff.
                                                                   Labor Commissioner Click Bishop and First Gentleman Todd Palin also traveled to Bethel
                                                                   with the Governor. They visited Yuut Elitnaurviat, the region's first vocational training
                                                                   center, and toured the Yuut Yangungviat flight school.



                                                                                                                          Healthy Hearts on Valentine's Dayl
                                                                                                                          Make this and every Valentine's Day a
                                                                                                                          reminder that eating healthy and physical
                                                                     J Visit the American Heart Association Web Site      activity lead to a long and healthy life with
                                                                                                                          the ones you love. Learn more about how
                                                                                                                          to take care of your heart at the American
                                                                                                                          Heart Association' s website.


                                                                   Until next time,


                                                                  Governor Sarah Palin



                                      El^         1   Slate or Alaskan. Govemoro. Webmaslere . Office Locations- Email Governors




              10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011749
