Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, February 08, 2008 8:53 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject :                Re: For your approval


           Sounds great thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



           Date : Fri, 08 Feb 2008 08:39:18

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: For your approval




           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                        No :   08-OXX




           State Of Alaska Joins Texas Amicus Brief



           February 8, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin announced the State of Alaska will
           be joining the multi - state amicus brief authored by the State of Texas in support of the
           Second Amendment right of individual Americans to bear arms.



           On Tuesday, February 5, 2008, Alaska Attorney General Talis Colberg notified the Texas
           Attorney General Greg Abbott that Alaska would be joining the Texas multi-state brief.
           The Texas amicus brief in Washington D.C. V. Heller will be filed by February 11, 2008.



           Governor Palin, a lifelong NRA member , has long been a champion of the constitutional
           right to bear arms as well as a proponent of gun safety programs for Alaska ' s youth.



          "I am proud to join the State of Texas in support of the Second Amendment ," said Governor
          Palin .  " We need to send a strong message that law-abiding citizens have a right to own
          firearms , for their own personal protection or hunting or any other lawful purpose".




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011737
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent : Friday, February 08, 2008 7:57 AM

           To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: Re: 2nd amendment



           Got it thanks

           Sharon can u get that presser out that law crafted yesterday.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 08 Feb 2008 07:54:05

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: 2nd amendment




          Dear Governor Palin,   I will be visiting my Sitka office to meet my staff there for the
          first time today. So I am not sure if I will remain in blackberry range. I will be back
          in Juneau tomorrow evening.   Talis



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

          Sent: Thursday, February 07, 2008 6:06 PM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject: Re: 2nd amendment



          Awesome . Thanks

          Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----original Message-----

          From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



          Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2008 16:50:38
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011738
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To:"Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>

           Cc:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: 2nd amendment




           Dear Ms . Leighow,



                 The State of Texas has indicated it is fine we issue a limited press release
           regarding the 2nd Amendment Amicus . In light of that we suggest the following based on
           your earlier proposed statement:




                  STATE OF ALASKA SIGNS TEXAS AMICUS BRIEF



                Governor Sarah Palin announced the State of Alaska will be joining the multi-state
          amicus brief authored by the State of Texas in support of the Second Amendment right of
          individual Americans to bear arms . On Tuesday , February 5, 2008 Alaska Attorney General
          Talis Colberg notified the Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott that Alaska would be joining
          the Texas multi-state brief . The Texas amicus brief in Washington DC v. Heller will be
          filed by February 11, 2008.



                Governor Palin , a lifelong NRA member , has long been a champion of the
          constitutional right to bear arms as well as a proponent of gun safety programs for
          Alaska's youth.



                 "I am proud to join the state of Texas in support of the Second Amendment," said
          Governor Palin. "We need to send a strong message that law-abiding citizens have a right
          to own firearms , for their own personal protection or hunting or any other lawful
          purpose".




                That should be fine. Talis




                                                          3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011739
