Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From :     Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJREHFELD]
                  Sent:      Saturday, February 09, 2008 12:16 PM
                  To:        'Shelley Hughes'; Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                  Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); 20080515kkjackson A; Butler; Jay (HSS-CDC);
                             Carr; Patricia A (HSS); Millard; Mark A (HSS); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget

               Dear Shelley - It was a pleasure to meet with you and discuss your request to include $13 million in the
               governors amended budget for community health centers. The Department of Health & Social Services is
               looking very seriously at the proposal to evaluate the impact on long range health care planning and cost
               management. Clearly, this review won't be completed in time for the governor's budget amendments that are due
               to the legislature on February 13. 1 know that legislators and others are also looking at this request . Thank you
               for your efforts to improve access to primary care in Alaska! Karen
               ssssssssssssssssssss *sssssssssssss**ss
               Karen J. Rehfeld, Director
               Office of Management & Budget
               465-3568

               karen. rehfeld@ alaska.sov

               From: Shelley Hughes [mailto:ShelleyH@alaskapca.org]
               Sent Wednesday, February 06, 2008 5:32 PM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Butler,
               Jay (HSS-CDC); Carr, Patricia A (HSS); Millard, Mark A (HSS)
               Subject: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget

              Letter is pasted below and attached for your convenience . In the event that the email process distorts the
              formatting, please refer to the attached.
              Thank you,
              Shelley Hughes


                0 Right-click hereto download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented .automatic download of this picture from the
                    Internet.
                    AKPCA Long Logo




              Honorable Sarah Palin
              Third Floor, State Capitol Building
              Juneau, Alaska 99801

              February 6, 2008

              Re: Important Item for Your Amended Budget: CHCs

              Dear Governor Palin,


              8/25/2009


                                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0011761
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 3



               Thank you for your help arranging my meeting with Karen Rehfeld as well as for the privilege of meeting with
               your Legislator Director, Russ Kelly. I discussed with these key advisors of yours the critical role Community
               Health Centers (CHCs) are filling throughout Alaska and their need for support . Because I know you are not
               interested in the "same-old, same-old" when results don't measure up, and I know you're open to innovative
               approaches that are based on sound principles , I am asking you to be a champion on health care issues - even
               beyond what you've already been through your current bills in the legislature - by championing CHCs as part of
               a real, here and now, cost-effective, quality solution to the rising cost of health care and the need for access for
               Alaskans.

               This is a statewide issue, with 124 CHC sites sprinkled across the entire state. It is an issue that needs to be
               championed by our leader of Alaska , you, Governor Palin. I'll give you the bottom line now instead of waiting
               until the conclusion of this letter: can we count on you to insert a first -time $13 million CHC funding in your
               amended budget ? Yes, the $13 million request is no small number , but please keep in mind two things : 1) with
               80,000 patients and 124 CHC sites throughout the state, the ratio is $ 105,000/site and 2 ) CHCs save substantial
               Medicaid dollars.

               As a fan of marketplace solutions like you are, let me point out that CHCs provide primary care access for areas
               and populations where no competitive marketplace exist . I have been in conversations with the Heritage
               Foundation regarding this issue the last couple of months ; Ed Haislmeier assured me that it is indeed the
               government's role to assist in a scenario such as ours.

               As I discussed with Karen and Russ, CHCs are in a precarious place , with declining revenues , a growing
               patientload of uninsured and low income Alaskans accompanied by rising operational costs, and an extremely
               severe workforce shortage . We're one of a handful of states that have been making these open -door, fee-scale
               clinics available to Alaskans without any direct state funding . But providing primary care (basic medical, dental
               and behavioral health ) to now over 80,000 Alaskans , we are at a juncture where we need state support.

              As you know, the Alaska Health Care Strategies Planning Council, in their report, clearly recommended state
              investment and support to strengthen and expand CHCs . The Council recognized the valuable and cost-effective
              quality care and access CHCs provide . The fact that Medicaid patients who use CHCs as their medical homes
              save Medicaid 33% is an important consideration in light of the growing Medicaid budget.

              The Federal OMB realizes CHCs' cost-effective quality and value and has given CHCs the highest ranking possible
              in their scoring system. CHCs are proven providers and have a history of accountability and performance. CHCs
              stretch the dollar and operate with a high level of excellence . Health outcomes improve in communities with
              CHCs.

              Please remember too, that CHCs are one of the sole providers left in the state that are accepting new Medicare
              patients . CHCs are an essential resource to our seniors ; these clinics are also working to provide access to
              veterans in outlying areas.

              Our request is summarized in the hardcopy brochures I left with Karen and Russ last week . Electronic versions
              of both the brochure and the full version of the request ( 103 pages) with data and details are available for
              download here: http://www.alaskapca.org/CHCStateFundingPublication.aspx?id=1294 . The request is divided
              between 4 critical categories of need: workforce recruitment and retention, a one-time capital request for HIT
              infrastructure, marketing (to get the word out to seniors , those on Medicaid, etc.), and energy assistance.

              I've also attached a document, What Alaska Can Expect in Return for Investing in CHCs, which will provide you
              with some good numerical insight into the benefit of state investment in CHCs as well as the relevant APCA




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 0011762
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 3


                Board Resolution . I'd be happy to address any questions you may have.

                And now the bottom line again : will you step out and champion the CHCs in Alaska as part of your plan to
                address cost, quality access issues in Alaska? Will you add the $ 13 million to your amended budget to help turn
                the tide? The expansion and strengthening of primary care lowers overall health care spending and creates
                healthier communities . You can't go wrong.

                Thank you for your steadfast service to Alaskans and your dedication to finding solutions to the important health
                care issues we face today.

               Joining with you to pursue quality, cost-effective primary care access for all Alaskans,
                0 Right-lick here to download
                    pictures. To help protect your
               Shelley Hug hes
               Government Affairs Director
               Alaska Primary Care Association




               Cc: Karen Rehfeld , Director, Office of Management and Budget
                   Russ Kelly, Legislative Director, Office of the Governor
                   Mike Tibbles, Chief of Staff, Office of the Governor
                   Karleen Jackson, Commissioner, DHSS
                   Jay Butler, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, DHSS
                   Pat Carr, Health Program Manager IV, Health Planning and Systems Development, DHSS
                   Mark Millard , Health Program Manager III, Primary Care Office, DHSS




               Shelltey S. .7fughes
               Government Affairs Director
               Alaska Primary Care Association
               www.alaskapm&m
               903 West Northern Lights Blvd Ste 200
               Anchorage AK 99503
               907.841 . 1634 cell (best contact)
               907.929.2728 phone
               907.929.2734 fax
               'Uncompromising in the pursuit of access to primary care for all Alaskans'

               **************
               www.alaskap-c-a.org
               Browse APCA's helpful online advocacy information and resources.




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP0I_0011763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page I of I



                 Unknown

                 From:      Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
                 Sent:      Friday, February 09, 2007 2:29 PM
                 To:        govpalin a©gov. state.ak.us; 'Michael Tibbles'
                 Cc:        Sharon Leighow; Meghan N Stapleton
                 Subject: Legislative Confirmation Press Release

               Governor Palin and Mike,
               Do you want to do one general press release with all of the appointments requiring legislative confirmation or
               separate press releases for some of the more high profile boards such as Judicial Council?

               I can start passing on any information for some of the confirmed appointments to the press office if press release
               (s) are going out.

               Thanks,

               Ivy Frye
               Director, Boards and Commissions
               Office of Governor Sarah Palin
               ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us
               (907) 465-3500 office
               (907) 465-8110 fax




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0011764
