Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 5


                 Unknown
                 From :       Shelley Hughes [ShelleyH©alaskapca.org]
                 Sent:.       Monday, February 11, 2008 4:46 PM
                 To:          Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Cc:          Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); 20080515kkjackson_A; Butler; Jay (HSS-CDC); Carr;
                              Patricia A ( HSS); Millard ; Mark A ( HSS); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                 Subject: Trust and ALPHA Lttrs of Support
                 Passing these letters to the Governor your way.....


                Shelley S. 2fughes
                Government Affairs Director
                Alaska Primary Care Association
                 hell      I ka bca. orc
                903 West Northern Lights Blvd Ste 200
                Anchorage AK 99503
                907.841 . 1634 cell (best contact)
                907.829.2728 phone
                907.929. 2734 fax
                "Uncompromising in the pursuit of access to primary care for all Alaskans'


                www l k
                Browse A CAA s helpful online advocacy information and resources.


                From : Shelley Hughes
                Sent: Monday, February 11, 2008 8:11 AM
                To: 'Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)'; Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Butler, Jay (HSS-CDC);
                Carr, Patricia A (HSS); Millard, Mark A (HSS); Kim, Anna C (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget

                Dear Karen,

                Thank you for your response . The CHCs across the state appreciate the fact that the Administration is
                conscious of the value as well as the current needs of the clinics. Please be aware that for 2 years we
                have been in touch with the Department ( Health Planning and Systems Development Office ) and the
                Commissioner about the challenges the CHCs have been facing and the need for state support. We put
                a proposal on the table in FY08 , and began the process for the FY09 proposal early last year , working
                through the summer of 2007 with the Department to gather the data and examine priorities for this
                FY09 proposal . The request was in the Commissioner ' s hands by early September , and a revised version
                with her valuable suggestions incorporated was back with her by October 2nd

                We know a review of the impact of state support on long term planning and cost management is an
                essential step .'" That it has not yet been underway and that more time is needed at this time is of
                concern, as it will likely mean delays that cost the CHCs the success of funding for the proposal this
                year. This is of huge concern to us, and to them as they face precarious budget shortfalls . We know the
                Governor wants to increase access , not decrease it- a delay at this time will reduce access . Thus, we
                strongly urge the Administration to expedite the process.

                We look forward to working with you and others in the Administration , standing ready to be of
                assistance . We trust that support for the request - and the Governor's leadership to champion CHCs as
                a way to cost effectively increase access to quality care - will be forthcoming.



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0011768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 5



                 Thank you,

                 Shelley

                 ' Please note that the full version of our report/proposal clearly makes the case, with references to studies , for positive impact
                 for both long term planning and cost management . Here again Is the link to download the file:
                 htto://www.alaskapca .org/CHCStateFu ndi ngPu blication .aspx?id=1294




                3heCCey S. J-Lughes
                 Government Affairs Director
                Alaska Primary Care Association
                wWw.alaaoca.ora
                   N
                90 West Northern Ughts Blvd Ste 200
                Anchorage AK 99503
                907.841 . 1634 cell (best contact)
                907.929 .2728 phone
                907.929. 2734 fax
                'Uncompromising in the pursuit of access to primary care for all Alaskans"


                www. alaskaoca. ora
                Browse APCA's helpful online advocacy information and resources.


                From : Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [mailto:karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov]
                Sent: Saturday, February 09,200812:16 PM
                To: Shelley Hughes; Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Butler, Jay (HSS-CDC); Carr,
                Patricia A (HSS); Millard, Mark A (HSS); Kim, Anna C (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget

                Dear Shelley - It was a pleasure to meet with you and discuss your request to include $13 million in the governor's
                amended budget for community health centers. The Department of Health & Social Services is looking very
                seriously at the proposal to evaluate the impact on long range health care planning and cost management. Clearly,
                this review won't be completed in time for the governor's budget amendments that are due to the legislature on
                February 13. 1 know that legislators and others are also looking at this request. Thank you for your efforts to
                improve access to primary care in Alaska! Karen


                Karen J . Rehfeld, Director
                Office of Management & Budget
                465-3568

                karen .rehfeld@ alaska.gov

                From: Shelley Hughes [mailto:ShelleyH@alaskapca.org]
                Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 5:32 PM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen 3 (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Butler, Jay
                (HSS-CDC); Carr, Patricia A (HSS); Millard, Mark A (HSS)
                Subject: Follow-up: CHC Request for Amended Budget

                Letter is pasted below and attached for your convenience . In the event that the email process distorts the



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0011769
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 5


                 formatting, please refer to the attached.
                 Thank you,
                 Shelley Hughes

                   xI AKPCA Long Logo




                 Honorable Sarah Palin
                 Third Floor, State Capitol Building
                 Juneau, Alaska 99801

                 February 6, 2008

                 Re: Important Item for Your Amended Budget: CHCs

                 Dear Governor Palin,

                 Thank you foryour help arranging my meeting with Karen Rehfeld as well as for the privilege of meeting with your
                 Legislator Director, Russ Kelly. I discussed with these key advisors of yours the critical role Community Health
                 Centers (CHCs) are filling throughout Alaska and their need for support . Because I know you are not interested in
                 the "same-old, same-old" when results don't measure up, and I know you're open to innovative approaches that
                 are based on sound principles, I am asking you to be a champion on health care issues - even beyond what you've
                 already been through your current bills in the legislature - by championing CHCs as part of a real , here and now,
                 cost-effective, quality solution to the rising cost of health care and the need for access for Alaskans.

                This is a statewide issue, with 124 CHC sites sprinkled across the entire state . It is an issue that needs to be
                championed by our leader of Alaska , you, Governor Palin. I'll give you the bottom line now instead of waiting until
                the conclusion of this letter : can we count on you to insert a first-time $13 million CHC funding in your amended
                budget? Yes, the $13 million request is no small number , but please keep in mind two things : 1) with 80,000
                patients and 124 CHC sites throughout the state , the ratio is $ 105,000/site and 2) CHCs save substantial Medicaid
                dollars.

                As a fan of marketplace solutions like you are, let me point out that CHCs provide primary care access for areas
                and populations where no competitive marketplace exist. I have been in conversations with the Heritage
                Foundation regarding this Issue the last couple of months ; Ed Haislmeier assured me that it is indeed the
                government' s role to assist in a scenario such as ours.

                As I discussed with Karen and Russ, CHCs are in a precarious place , with declining revenues, a growing patientload
                of uninsured and low income Alaskans accompanied by rising operational costs, and an extremely severe
                workforce shortage . We're one of a handful of states that have been making these open -door, fee-scale clinics
                available to Alaskans without any direct state funding . But providing primary care ( basic medical, dental and
                behavioral health ) to now over 80, 000 Alaskans , we are at a juncture where we need state support.

                As you know, the Alaska Health Care Strategies Planning Council , in their report, clearly recommended state
                investment and support to strengthen and expand CHCs. The Council recognized the valuable and cost -effective
                quality care and access CHCs provide . The fact that Medicaid patients who use CHCs as their medical homes save
                Medicaid 33% is an important consideration in light of the growing Medicaid budget.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0011770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 4 of 5


                The Federal 0MB realizes CHCs' cost- effective quality and value and has given CHCs the highest ranking possible in
                their scoring system . CHCs are proven providers and have a history of accountability and performance. CHCs
                stretch the dollar and operate with a high level of excellence . Health outcomes improve in communities with
                CHCs.

                Please remember too, that CHCs are one of the sole providers left in the state that are accepting new Medicare
                patients. CHCs are an essential resource to our seniors; these clinics are also working to provide access to veterans
                in outlying areas.

                Our request is summarized in the hardcopy brochures I left with Karen and Russ last week . Electronic versions of
                both the brochure and the full version of the request ( 103 pages ) with data and details are available for download
                here : http://www .alaskapca . org/CHCStateFundingPublication . aspx?id =1294 . The request is divided between 4
                critical categories of need : workforce recruitment and retention , a one- time capital request for HIT infrastructure,
                marketing (to get the word out to seniors, those on Medicaid, etc.), and energy assistance.

                I've also attached a document, What Alaska Can Expect in Return for Investing in CHCs, which will provide you with
                some good numerical insight into the benefit of state investment In CHCs as well as the relevant APCA Board
                Resolution . I'd be happy to address any questions you may have.

                And now the bottom line again : will you step out and champion the CHCs in Alaska as part of your plan to address
                cost, quality access issues in Alaska ? Will you add the $13 million to your amended budget to help turn the tide?
                The expansion and strengthening of primary care lowers overall health care spending and creates healthier
                communities . You can't go wrong.

                Thank you for your steadfast service to Alaskans and your dedication to finding solutions to the important health
                care issues we face today.

                Joining with you to pursue quality, cost - effective primary care access for all Alaskans,
                ,R] final blue signature

                Shelley S. H ughes
                Government Affairs Director
                Alaska Primary Care Association




                Cc: Karen Rehfeld, Director, Office of Management and Budget
                    Russ Kelly, Legislative Director, Office of the Governor
                    Mike Tibbles, Chief of Staff, Office of the Governor
                    Karleen Jackson, Commissioner, DHSS
                    Jay Butler, M.D., Chief Medical Officer, DHSS
                     Pat Carr, Health Program Manager IV, Health Planning and Systems Development, DHSS
                     Mark Millard , Health Program Manager III, Primary Care Office, DHSS




                Shelrey S..Jfughes
                Government Affairs Director
                Alaska Primary Care Association
                www.alas^oca.ora
                shellev(dlalaskaoc^a. oro
                903 West Northern Lights Blvd Ste 200
                Anchorage AK 99503




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0011771
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                907.841 . 1634 cell (best contact)
                907.929. 2728 phone
                907.929. 2734 fax
                 'Uncompromising in the pursuit of access to primary care for all Alaskans'


                www.alaskaoca.ora
                Browse APCA 's helpful online advocacy information and resources.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0011772
