Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                        Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                        Monday, February 11, 2008 6:53 PM
              To:                          Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
              Subject:                     Re: Confidential: CP mtg/KTUU


              Governor,        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged orj




              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                        Tom



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Sent : Mon Feb 11 17:58:23 2008

              Subject: Confidential: CP mtg/KTUU



              Privileged or Personal Material Redac


              ----- Original message -----

              From: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Sent: Mon Feb 11 17:21:06 2008

              Subject: RE: CP mtg/KTW



              Governor:



              Commissioner Galvin did talk with Jim Bowles today to follow up on the discussion from
              yesterday.  Bowles did report that their Juneau people were getting questions from
              legislators about how the meeting went. They are discouraged that anyone would know about
              the meeting or the details of the conversation. He went so far as to say that if we went
              public with those details, we would not like how they had to respond.



            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


                                                                          1



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0011789
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Joe




              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Mon 2 / 11/2008 2:09 PM

             To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

             Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael
             A (GOV)

             Subject :   CP mtg/KTUU




             In case he asks: Bill McAllister asked why, after all our mtgs with CP (even discussing
             their "Plan" yesterday for four hours), we still don't know what they're asking for - in
             terms of fiscal certainty. I told him we still don't know tax rate request, but the 20-25
             year tax lock-up has been discussed publicly by CP, but I'm sure not convinced of the need
             or Constitionality of locking up any longer than the decade we discussed early in AGIA
             debate.



             I said it sounded like the AK CP officials had to speak with Mulva this week - maybe after
             their meetings Outside we'd hear more about their "Plan"... and we continue to fulfill our
             committment to not dismiss any ideas on how to commercialize our gas - but we're committed
             to AGIA and there's no need to stray from it today.




                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011790
