Unknown
From :                    Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                    Monday, April 21, 2008 1:18 PM
To:                       'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                 FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 8:04 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Kelly Bauer

address: 17086 Los Cerritos Rd. Snelling CA 95369

 2095636597



MESSAGE:

Dear Sarah,

Until today, I had never heard of you. You also have never heard of me! :) I'm a mom of 8 wonderful
blessings, 2 now married, 6 still at home. Reading the announcement of the birth of your precious
baby boy brought tears to my eyes. You see, I'm a volunteer firefighter in my "spare time". Today we
had a very sad vechile accident in which a man lost his life. While that alone is sad, it happened to be
a man my husband had spoken to maybe an hour before at one of our ranches, he had been doing
some repair electrical work. As you can imagine, it was a tough call. To kinda clear my thoughts I was
checking my email and the byline stated you had had your 5th child, and the fact you believed every
child'was created for a reason and purpose and how you were blessed that God had chosen you and
your famiy with this little precious bundle. I needed to hear/read that. See your little guy is already
helping reach out to someone he probally will never meet! May you and your family rejoice in this n

ew birth and the newest addition that was missing and you didn't even know it until he came :)Some
day I will visit your great state that I have always thought of as beautiful. If you are ever in the central
valley of CA look us up, we love to have visitors at our organic chicken farm. May you continue to be
blessed in all you do, both professionally as a governor, wife and mom. hugs--kelly



                                                      1                                  ROSTON 02156




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
kellymarie62@yahoo.com




                                     2                      ROSTON 02157




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
