Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin©alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 11, 2008 5:57 PM
              To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject:                 Fw: CP mtg/KTUU


              Mike- lPrivileged or Personal Material Redacted



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Sent: Mon Feb 11 17:53: 32 2008

              Subject: Re: CP mtg/KTW



              Nope - no one is to discourage open dialogue with the public on when and where I meet with
              CP. After getting beat up for how long now be the public is led to believe we aren't
              willing to hear them out- I will not hide any discussions with CP. And there was never any
              discussion re: not acknowledging the mtg . In fact , had I gone forward with the original
              plan of a Monday mtg in the Capitol, everyone would have known and I'd have even allowed
              the press to be there if they requested.



              I did not talk about anything that CP hasn ' t already talked about publicly.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Balash , Joseph R (GOV)

              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

              Sent : Mon Feb 11 17:21: 06 2008

              Subject: RE: CP mtg/KTUU



              Governor:




             Commissioner Galvin did talk with Jim Bowles today to follow up on the discussion from
             yesterday.  Bowles did report that their Juneau people were getting questions from
             legislators about how the meeting went.  They are discouraged that anyone would know about
             the meeting or the details of the conversation. He went so far as to say that if we went
             public with those details, we would not like how they had to respond.



                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0011793
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Joe




              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent : Mon 2 / 11/2008 2:09 PM

              To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

              Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael
              A (GOV)

              Subject: CP mtg/KTW




             In case he asks: Bill McAllister asked why , after all our mtgs with CP (even discussing
             their " Plan" yesterday for four hours ), we still don ' t know what they' re asking for - in
             terms of fiscal certainty . I told him we still don ' t know tax rate request , but the 20-25
             year tax lock - up has been discussed publicly by CP, but I'm sure not convinced of the need
             or Constitionality of locking up any longer than the decade we discussed early in AGIA
             debate.



             I said it sounded like the AK CP officials had to speak with Mulva this week - maybe after
             their meetings Outside we'd hear more about their "Plan"... and we continue to fulfill our
             committment to not dismiss any ideas on how to commercialize our gas - but we're committed
             to AGIA and there's no need to stray from it today.




                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011794
