Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 11, 2008 1:44 PM
              To:                      streamjetl@outdrs.net
              Subject:                 RE: Other

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, February 11, 2008 1:33 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Mr. Leonard Caskey

              address :   3927 Victory Dr. SW Port Orchard WA 98367

               360-674-2675




             MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,

              You don't know how good it feels to hear a Governor or any high official speek positive of
              the citizens rights. Especialy the 2nd Amendment.

             Washington used to be that way, but not any more. We have been overun with bleeding hearts
             and our officials feel the only rights we have are the ones they give us.

             My next perminent home will be in Alaska. You can take that to the bank.

              I am impressed with your attitude, the knowledge and common sense you show.

             Thank You.

             Leonard Caskey




             streamjetl@outdrs.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0011803
