Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                  From :      Leschper , Beth (GOV) (beth. leschper@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:       Monday, February 11, 2008 9:48 AM
                  To:         ExternalEmailgsp ; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:         Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                  Subject: Monday Safe Haven Bill Signing
                  Governor:

                 A hard copy is in a folder with Janice.
                 Our leg office has also looked over this draft.
                 Beth


                 Safe Haven Bill Signing
                 February 11, 2008
                 Governor Palin

                 Rep. Gabriel LeDoux
                 Comm Karleen Jackson
                 Comm Annette Kreitzer
                 Tammy Sandoval (OCS director)
                 Mike Lesmann (OCS legislative liaison)
                 Jan Rutherdale (Atty-Child Protection Section)


                 House Bill 29 "Safe Haven for Infants Act"

                           Good afternoon. All children deserve to begin their lives in a loving,
                           protective family. Children should have the opportunity to succeed as
                           they grow in a safe and supportive home. But when that fails, it's our
                           job as a state is to make sure that children are protected.
                          In Alaska, we have seen cases where infants have been abandoned
                           or fatally injured. While it is rare, we must be proactive and prepared
                           so that even one infant's life can be saved.

                           I am so pleased to sign this bill today to protect Alaska's children. HB
                           29 - Alaska's Safe Haven for Infants Act - will save the lives of
                           newborns as it allows a parent to remain anonymous and provides
                           legal protection to the parent who surrenders an infant to the
                           appropriate person.
                     We are committed to preserving life and this bill will protect an infant
                      when its parents cannot handle the responsibility, and act
                      inappropriately out of fear of prosecution or exposure.



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011814
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                         I thank the bill's sponsor, Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux of Kodiak, for her hard
                         work and persistence in bringing this bill forward. I'd like to also thank all of
                         the legislators and Department of Health and Social Services staff who
                         have worked on this important and compassionate bill.

                        I'm pleased to introduce Health and. Social Services Commissioner Karleen
                         Jackson who will further address this bill.

                 (sign bill while Commissioner Jackson is speaking)




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0011815
