Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Monday, February 11, 2008 7:28 AM
              To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Board action January 26, 2008


              Let's do the 39 . If Dick and others need to hear that from me,              I'm happy to let them know
              that' s where we ' ree going . Thanks!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>



              Date: Mon, 11 Feb 2008 07:25:21

              To:gov.sarahhyahoo.com

              Subject: RE: Board action January 26, 2008




             That pretty much sums it up. $39k final pmt. I sent numerous emails last night on this and
             suggested that Balash and I speak on it this morning. Also I told Dick that I want to
             speak with him. I plan to call Tom as well.



            Privileged or Personal M:: Redacted
                                    trial
                                           e   con ca            pmay so wil work hard for a reasonable
             conclusion.




             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Mon 2/11/2008 7:10 AM

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Subject: Re: Board action January 26, 2008




            .I must be missing something        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0011818
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Sent from my B1ackBerry ® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From : " Perry , Kristina Y (GOV )" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>



              Date : Sun, 10 Feb 2008 18:53:18

              To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject : FW: Board action January 26, 2008




              I spoke w / Kristan at length .  I apologize , but didn ' t realize that the total was $39k as
              final payment to producers to cover pick - ups that were missed by N. Lights , etc. It was
              intitially reported as $39k to each and so I had the rough amount of $200k stuck in my
              head ( that I mentioned below ).   Just wanted to clarify.



              I've sent a few emails to Mike and Joe keeping them in the loop .  Which was a good thing
              since Joe knew nothing about the meeting , although he has been copied on the emails.



              Kris




               From :    Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV)

              Sent :    Sun 2 / 10/2008 1:12 PM

              To: gov . sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject : RE: Board action January 26, 2008




              I'm going to call Kristan right now and talk with her. We have a conference call to go
              over a laundry list of issues tomorrow - Kristan will be on that call - and this certainly
              will be a point of discussion.


                                                                    2




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0011819
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I am not forwarding Kristan's email to you and I ( I was not prepared for either of these
              that she sent ) to anyone else, but I do intend to forward the email she sent Tina Otto to
              Tibbles and Balash so that they are in the loop .    Actually it has been odd and one of the
              reasons I requested Monday ' s conference call is that we've not heard much from the CC
              Board - except updates to specific items of interest - since Dick put a stop to their
              motion to distribute $ 200k to the farmers . Well here ' s their response.



              I told Mike I would provide him and Balash an update after tomorrow ' s conference call.



              Kris




               From; Kristan Cole (mailto:kccole@mtaonline.net <mailto:kccole@mtaonline.net> I

              Sent : Sun 2 / 10/2008 12:25 PM

              To: ExternalEmailgsp; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              Subject :   Board action January 26, 2008




              Governor , I have not copied anyone on this email except Kris .  I have walked          a tight rope
              for a month now regarding this issue .   I was torn between loyalty to you and          the
              administration , and doing what was right.   I was hoping that as we clarified          our decision
              that we were not using any of the funds appropriated by the legislature that            we would be
              allowed to move forward .  That hasn' t happened.



             Tom Irwin asked me this summer if you had to choose between loyalty and doing what was
             right what would you do? I said I would do what was right. Today I believe I am being
             both loyal to you and doing what is right.



             I had a heavy heart at church this morning over this entire issue. I believe I would be
             disloyal if I did not share with you my heart and if I perish, I perish. See my email
             below that I sent today. Kristan




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0011820
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From: Kristan Cole (mailto:kccole@mtaonline.net <mailto:kccole@mtaonline.net> I

              Sent : Sunday, February 10, 2008 12:24 PM

              To: 'Tina'

              Cc: 'Irwin , Tom E ( DNR)'; 'pglaw@alaska . net'; 'Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)';
              'joe_austerman @dced.state.ak.us'; Ben Vanderweele; John Schirack; Kristan Cole; Ralph
              Carney ; Ray DePriest

              Subject: Board action January 26, 2008




              Tina, I believe it is my responsibility as the Chairman of the Creamery Corporation to
              email you regarding the board action taken January 26, 2008. The board believes it is in
              the best interest of the corporation, the shareholder, and the state of Alaska to carry
              out the motion that was approved by the board and approved by corporate legal counsel on
              January 26th.  This is not a decision this board took lightly, but considered with
              clarity, with all of the facts before us, and with the review and approval of our
              corporate counsel.



              We respectfully request something in writing from you explaining to us why the board, whom
              the shareholder appointed and put in place, cannot be allowed to carry out the business
              decision(s) we believe are truly right and in the best interest of the corporation and the
              shareholder.  The board feels strongly that if they are no allowed to make business
              decisions as the bylaws provide for, then there is no further need for this board.



             Respectfully submitted,



             Kristan Cole, Chair

             Creamery Corporation




             febvre, Richard A (DNR) [mailto:richard.lefebvre@alaska.gov
             <mailto:richard.lefebvre@alaska.gov> I

             Sent :   Friday, February 08, 2008 2:38 PM

             To: Kristan Cole; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); tina.otto@alaska.gov; tom.irwin@alaska.gov;
             Simons , Leta L (DNR); joe.balash@alaska.gov; Austerman, Joseph M (CED)

             Subject: checks from mining companies-Dairy Farmers



             The three checks from the mining folks were received by the Stockgrower folks. Don't know
             if the money has been further distributed.




                                                              4




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0011821
