Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=FTBAI LEY]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 8:32 PM
            To:                      'head@nshcorp. org; Palin ; Sarah H (GOV); Olson; Donny (LAA); Foster; Neal (LAA)
            Subject :                Re: Alaska State Medical Board


            Dr. Head,



            I was informed that because you had served all or part of two terms , you could not be
            reappointed . Most recently , Senator Olson has informed me that this may not be the case.



            We have sought an opinion from the Dept of Law and hope to have that shortly.                        We will be
            in touch as soon as I receive that.



            Thanks for your service and rural perspective on the Medical Board.



            Frank Bailey

            Director,   Boards and Commissions

            Office of Governor Sarah Palin

            9072697450 - Anchorage

            9074653934 - Juneau



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Dr. David Head <head@nshcorp.org>

            To: Palin , Sarah H (GOV); Olson, Donny (LAA); Foster, Neal (LAA)

            Cc: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Feb 12 13: 48:39 2008

            Subject: Alaska State Medical Board



           Dear Governor Sarah Palin,




           I apologize for contacting you directly, but thought this might be the best approach. My
           name is David Head; I am presently the Chair of the Alaska State Medical Board. My term
           expires March 1, 2008, and to date I have not been reappointed. I would like to ask that
           you consider reappointing me for an additional 4 year term. There are several reasons I
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0011912
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            would like you to consider my name for reappointment:




                -With the appointments that have been made to date, there is significant turnover of
            our longest serving members, leaving little experience on the new Board. This can have a
            very detrimental effect on monitoring of on going cases, and dealing with the physicians,
            physician assistants, and paramedics that are presently under monitoring and memorandum of
            agreements with the State and the Board of Medicine.




                -we as a Board are also in the middle of instrumenting important changes in
            regulations as well as proposing statute changes in narcotic prescribing, physician
            assistant agreements, and paramedic practice parameters. It will be very difficult for an
            inexperienced Board to continue this process without past experienced members or
            leadership.




               -Although I am a committed republican and conservative, i was initially appointed by
           Governor Tony Knowles, and then reappointed by Governor Frank Murkowski. This has allowed
           me to remain as non-political as possible, concentrating on serving and protecting the
           people of the State.




               -I bring a very important perspective and experience to the Board.   I have served as
           Chief of Staff of Norton Sound Health Corporation in Nome for the last 19 years. Norton
           Sound Health Corporation is one of the longest Native owned and operated health
           corporations in the State.  This experience with Native Health Care and Bush Alaska health
           care has been invaluable on the Board, with a large number of the State's physicians and
           physician assistants working directly for Native Corporations.   Many issues affecting
           patients in small villages, where the community health aides are directly supervised by
           these providers frequently come before the Board for consideration.




                -I Chair the Medical Services Networking Committee, the organization that interfaces
           with all the Alaska Native Bush sites outside the Anchorage Bowl area and Alaska Native
           Health Center in Anchorage.




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011913
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I have considered it an honor to serve on the Board , and would like your consideration for
            reappointment for an additional 4 years . In reviewing the appointments to date, I believe
            there is still one vacancy that has not been filled. I would ask for your consideration
            in allowing me to continue serving.




            Sincerely,



            David Head, M.D.



            Chair ,   Alaska State Medical Board




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011914
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                  I


            Unknown
            From:                    Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) (marty.rutherford@alaska.gov)
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 6:59 PM
            To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
            Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
            Subject:                 Re: KWHL


            Governor,

            Well, as it turns out, my previous email to you is old news .   Since I heard that Bruce and
            Kurtis were committed to doing tomorrows' Bob Lester KWHL show, Sharon Leighow and "the
            guys", in coordination with Bob Lester, decided an in-person discussion, opposite CP,
            would be better .  So the plan is now, at 6:45am on Thursday, Kurtis and I will be on the
            KWHL show opposite Wendy King and, perhaps, Brian Wenzel from CP.    Later Thursday all the
            same players will be on the Dan Fagen show. So, in the morning we will have a friendly
            emcee , and in the afternoon we will have an unfriendly emcee .  Sorry for the
            misinformation with my earlier email, but the piece that is accurate is that we are being
            reponsive to Bob Lester' s request and he is pleased!.

            Marty



            ----- Original Message -----

            From : Patin,   Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Cc: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

            Sent :   Tue Feb 12 16:49 : 28 2008

            Subject:    Re: KWHL




            Thanks so much!



            ----- Original Message -----

            From : Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Irwin , Tom E (DNR)

            Sent : Tue Feb 12 16:36 : 10 2008

            Subject : Re: KWHL



            Governor,

            In case you haven't been told, we have arranged for Bruce and Kurtis to call in to Bob
            Lester at KWHr,. tomorrow morning. Bruce and Kurtis are both traveling, but we've sorted
            out the logistics and all is confirmed. Thanks for putting this together.

            Marty

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0011915
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            To: Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)

            Cc: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Sent :   Tue Feb 12 09:04:38 2008

            Subject: KWHL




           Bruce/Kurt:

           Please - Bob Lester at KWHL will forever be in your debt (so will I) if you'll join him on
           the air tomorrow morning - Wednesday , February 13. He and his listeners really want/need a
           bit more AGIA perspective that only you can provide . His # is 632 -1987, or pls call the
           station 349 - 9691 . They're big supporters of AGIA.




           Thank you guys so much . You're doing amazing work . I love to feel this evolution in the
           puiblic towards more understanding of our position - it's thanks to your outreach and
           education efforts that do work.




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0011916
