Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From:     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELL1]
                 Sent:     Monday , February 11 , 2008 9:26 PM
                 To:       Sarah Palin
                 Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Traction at Criminal Justice Working Group

               The Criminal Justice Working Group (CJWG) met for most of the day today and is a group that I co-chair with
               Chief Justice Dana Fabe. Commissioners Moneghan , Schmidt, and Jackson all participate and Talis sends his
               designee . Justice Carpeneti typically leads the Court System side of things . And, APD Chief Rob Heun is active
               as is Randy Ruaro of your office and Jay Pullins of mine . We have about 10 more agency people that show up, as
               well.

               CJWG has met a number of times and We have two working subcommittees; one to address recidivism issues
               chaired by Joe Schmidt and one addressing efficiency issues across the criminal justice system, chaired by
               Stephanie Cole/Christine Johnson of the Court System.

               I asked each of the subcommittees to define a goal to achieve and then strategies to achieve it. The
               recidivism committee is focused on reducing the number of arrests per capita (will get to a hard
               number) and will likely focus on strategies at the younger aged end of the spectrum (juveniles to 24)
               since that's where our repeat offenders tend to be.

               The efficiency subcommittee is focused on improving efficiency and effectiveness measures from the
               time of arrest by law enforcement, through the pre-trial phase, trial phase, sentencing phase, and
               incarceration to re-entry. We're likely to move toward fixing the discovery process in the pretrial
               phase and using "time to disposition data" to measure results.

               It just feels like we're getting some traction. I'm proud of your commissioners and staff. This is a good
               group that not only looks at the big policy issues but they also address the day to day "burning issues"
               and resolve them cooperatively. For example, Law brought an issue to the table two months ago where
               they complained the Kenai judges were making them draft judgments and orders rather than the court
               doing it. The chief justice got that changed. Today, a similar issue arose with Law complaining about
               the court system requiring them to write orders in certain juvenile proceedings, Justice Carpeneti said he
               would take care of that as well. Just wanted you to know you've got a working, functioning criminal
               justice group out there.




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0011832
