Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 1:27 PM
            To:                      yellowstonegop@gmail.com
            Subject :                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMailggov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent; Tuesday, February 12, 2008 11:26 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Brad Anderson

           address: 224 Clark Billings MT 59101

             406-671-1336



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,



           I am writing to see if you would be consider coming to speak at our Lincoln-Reagan Day
           Dinner in Billings, Montana on the evening of March 29th. We are the largest city in
           Montana and in the heart of Republican country in this state, so this should be the
           largest gathering of Republicans in Montana this year.



           We are in the middle.of a tough race for governor against a Democratic incumbent, and our
           candidate, long-time state legislative leader Sen. Roy Brown, is from Billings. Having a
           prominent Republican governor come to speak would be a great way to help generate
           excitement for regaining the governorship here in Montana.



           If there is any possibility that we might be able to make this work, please have your
           staff contact me by e-mail or phone to disc-ass details. We are in the middle of exploring
           different options for speakers, and would appreciate your consideration.



           Brad
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0011927
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Brad Anderson ,   Chairman, Yellowstone County GOP

            http:// yellowstonegop.wordpress.com/

            406-671-1336




            yellowstonegop@gmail.com




                                                            2
