Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                From :      Leschper, Beth (GOV) (beth.leschper@alaska.gov)
                Sent:       Tuesday, February 12, 2008 5:29 PM
                To:         ExternalEmailgsp; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:         Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: Wednesday Bill Signing Remarks
                Governor:

               A hard copy of this is with Janice.
               Russ , Sharon and Mindy have approved.

                Beth


               Compassionate Gifts Bill Signing
               Location : Rep. Richard Foster's Office - Rm 410
               February 13, 2008 @ 11:30 a.m.
               Governor Palin

               Bill Sponsor: Rep. John Coghill
               Leg Aide Sue Stancliff
               Rep. Foster's Staff - COS Larry Labolle & Leg Aide Paul Labolle
               Sen. Lesil McGuire (may be late - floor session at 11)
               Rep. Mike Kelly

               House Bill 317 "Compassionate Gifts"
                   s When I signed HB 109 into law in July, it was gratifying to be part of a
                     bipartisan effort with the Legislature, where the focus was on doing
                     the right thing for the people of Alaska. That bill represented the
                     expectation of Alaskans that our elected officials maintain the highest
                     possible ethical standards.

                   s      However those reforms were never intended to prevent selfless gifts
                         that could save a life - such as the kidney that Sue Stancliff wants to
                         donate to Rep. Richard Foster. I am pleased to sign HB 317 into law
                         today. It will eliminate the cap on the value of compassionate gifts
                         that a legislator or legislative employee may receive.

                   s     Compassionate gifts will still be reported to the Alaska Public Offices
                         Commission to protect the public's ability to know how elected
                         officials are compensated.

                   s      I thank the bill's sponsor, Rep. John Coghill, and Sen. Lesil McGuire
                         for carrying the bill through the Senate. I would also like to thank all
                         the members of the legislature for their expedient work in ushering
                         this bill through the legislative process. 57 legislators signed on as

               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0011925
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                   co-sponsors of this bill - every legislator who was present in Juneau when the
                      bill was being considered.

                   s    I recently spoke with Rep. Foster. Other than wanting like heck to get back
                       to work and back amongst his many friends in this building, his spirits were
                       high and he is very optimistic about his future.

                   s   I want to express my admiration for Sue Stancliff, an aide to Fairbanks
                       Rep. Mike Kelly, who appears to be a match and is willing to donate a
                       kidney to Rep. Foster. She is an inspiration and a true Alaskan hero.

               (sign bill)

                   s   And now I'm pleased to introduce Rep. Coghill and Sue Stancliff




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                      P RA_GS P0100 11926
