Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 9:00 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMailc©gov. state .ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 2008 7:36 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from : Mr. John Stark

            address :   332 Pine Forest Road Atlanta GA 30342

             404-531-0463



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            I would like to recommend that you seriously consider running for Vice President of the
            United States to Senator John McCain .   I mean this in all sincerity and with the deepest
            respect . Whether this is a possibility that is attractive to you, or whether you would
            want to pursue national politics is of course something I have no way of knowing. But
            speaking as a U . S. citizen who is far removed from Alaska , I have the deepest respect for
            you, your stand on important issues , and your dynamic and inspiring leadership .   I think
            you would complement Senator McCain ' s candidacy in very significant ways.



            We all agree that Senators Obama and Clinton are formidable opponents in this 2008 race
            for the presidency .  Both individuals have striking appeal , they speak out for "change"
            and "renewal ,"  and they have great appeal to young voters .  If you were on the Republican
            ticket , Governor Palin , I think you too could arrest the attention of younger voters, but
            with much tougher and more compelling questions .   And I think that , speaking as a woman,
            you could make a strong case that it is not solely the Democratic party and its values
            which pave the royal road to the first African - American and/or woman . president . You can
            make the strong case for "individualism "; for the notion that a man or a woman rises to
            political prominence because of the content of his or her character, and the quality of
            his or her accomplishments in life -- not simply because they hold liberal Democratic
            values.



            Please -- I urge you to take my request seriously ! I know it is up to the presidential
            nominee to select his or her running mate, but I would do everything I can and pursue any
                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0011945
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            channel you can recommend , should this proposal have any appeal for you. I think you
            would do a great job -- as you have for Alaska--and that's why I make this request. The
            Republican Party needs someone like you to stimulate interest and excitement in this very
            difficult and challenging presidential campaign!



            Sincerely yours,



            John F. Stark



            jfstark@hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011946
