Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From :   Dr. David Head [head@nshcorp.org]
                Sent:    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 1:49 PM
                To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Olson; Donny (LAA); Foster; Neal (LAA)
                Cc:      Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
                Subject: Alaska State Medical Board
                Dear Governor Sarah Palin,

               I apologize for contacting you directly, but thought this might be the best approach. My name is
               David Head; I am presently the Chair of the Alaska State Medical Board. My term expires
               March 1, 2008, and to date I have not been reappointed. I would like to ask that you consider
               reappointing me for an additional 4 year term. There are several reasons I would like you to
               consider my name for reappointment:

                 -With the appointments that have been made to date, there is significant turnover of our
               longest serving members, leaving little experience on the new Board. This can have a very
               detrimental effect on monitoring of on going cases, and dealing with the physicians, physician
               assistants, and paramedics that are presently under monitoring and memorandum of agreements
               with the State and the Board of Medicine.

                  -We as a Board are also in the middle of instrumenting important changes in regulations as
               well as proposing statute changes in narcotic prescribing, physician assistant agreements, and
               paramedic practice parameters. It will be very difficult for an inexperienced Board to continue
               this process without past experienced members or leadership.

                  -Although I am a committed republican and conservative, I was initially appointed by
               Governor Tony Knowles, and then reappointed by Governor Frank Murkowski. This has
               allowed me to remain as non-political as possible, concentrating on serving and protecting the
               people of the State.

                 -I bring a very important perspective and experience to the Board. I have served as Chief of
               Staff of Norton Sound Health Corporation in Nome for the last 19 years. Norton Sound Health
               Corporation is one of the longest Native owned and operated health corporations in the State.
               This experience with Native Health Care and Bush Alaska health care has been invaluable on the
               Board, with a large number of the State's physicians and physician assistants working directly for
               Native Corporations. Many issues affecting patients in small villages, where the community
               health aides are directly supervised by these providers frequently come before the Board for
               consideration.

                  -I Chair the Medical Services Networking Committee, the organization that interfaces with all
               the Alaska Native Bush sites outside the Anchorage Bowl area and Alaska Native Health Center
               in Anchorage.

               I have considered it an honor to serve on the Board, and would like your consideration for
               reappointment for an additional 4 years. In reviewing the appointments to date, I believe there is
               still one vacancy that has not been filled. I would ask for your consideration in allowing me to
               continue serving.

               Sincerely,
               David Head, M.D.
               Chair, Alaska State Medical Board



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011954
