Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From :    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, February 12, 2008 6:44 AM
                 To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: KABATA

               Dear Governor Palin,
                  Well, since my flight is now four or more hours delayed I am back in the office and I will hand deliver the
               KABATA hard copy report to your office with highlighted points. Talis




              8/26/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0011971
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


        I
                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



                   Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                   From :    Leschper, Beth (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MCLESCHPER]
                   Sent:     Tuesday, February 12, 2008 5:13 PM
                   To:       'Sarah Palin'; 'govpalin@alaska.gov'
                   Cc:       Mason; Janice L (GOV); Stepovich; Melissa M (GOV)
                   Subject: Go Red Remarks for Friday

                 Governor.

                 Here is a draft for your approval of the remarks for the Fairbanks Go Red Luncheon on Friday.
                 I have a hard copy in the binder I'll give to Janice.

                 I've checked the data with the American Heart Association and with our HSS epidemiologist in Anchorage.

                 Beth Leschper
                 Deputy Communications Director
                 Office of the Governor
                 State of Alaska
                 907-465-3443
                 907-723-1321




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0011972
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          So happy to be here - and to see so many of you wearing red!

          Red is my favorite color ! It's associated with energy , strength , power and determination - as
          well as passion and love , which you may have noticed when you received a Valentine
          yesterday!

          For those of us here today , the color red symbolizes our commitment to educate every
          Alaskan about how to fight heart disease and the power of prevention.

         Despite advances in medicine , heart disease remains the number one killer of women in
         America . One woman every minute - that's 1 ,400 American women who die from this
         disease every day.

         In Alaska , 230 women die each year from heart disease - more than four women each week
         is too many.

         Medical research provides hope that we can control heart disease and we are seeing new
         and better treatments every day. But our health is in our own hands . Prevention and
         education can save lives . And that's why we're here today.

         Although many women believe that cancer is their greatest concern , heart disease kills
         more women in our country than all forms of cancer combined . In Alaska, women are 5
         times more likely to die from heart disease than breast cancer.

         What's most alarming is that most women don't know this - and for 64 percent of women
         patients, the first sign of heart disease is death.

         As a mother, as a wife, as a woman , I want to do everything I can to educate other women
         about their risk for heart disease.

         We must take personal responsibility in all areas of our lives - including health . Our greatest
         risk for heart disease is ignorance . Through education and prevention, we can make a
         lifesaving difference.

         Thank you and God Bless You.




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0011973
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                               Page 1 of 6


                 Unknown
                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
                  Sent:      Wednesday, February 13, 2008 8:16 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 12-18, 2008



                 From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                 Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 2008 8:05 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 12-18, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                          Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 12-18, 2008


                  HEADLINES...
                  1. Wastewater Industry May Have to Spend Millions if EPA
                     Applies MACT Standards
                  2. Lautenberg is working to Close Waste handling Exemption for
                     Railroads
                 3. Waste Connections Posts Very Strong Fourth Quarter
                 4. Republic Services Forecasts Positive Gains for 2008
                  5. Ohio EPA Proposes Firebreak at Republic ' s Countywide
                     Landfill
                 6. NC A . G. Defends State 's More Stringent Landfill Regulations
                 7. Plaintiff Withdraws Lawsuit Objecting to Waste Industries
                    Buyout
                 8. American Ecology Reports Record Revenue , Income and
                    Volume
                 9. Half of GM Vehicles to Run on Ethanol by 2012
                 10. Smurfit-Stone Reaches Record 7 Million Tons Recycled
                 11. Stericycle Posts Fourth Quarter Impacted by Settlement
                     Charge
                 12. Converted Organics Delivers First Organic Waste Recycling
                     Unit
                 13. BFI Canada to Announce Fourth Quarter on Mar. 6
                 14. WCA Waste Corp. to Release Fourth Quarter Earnings on Mar.
                     4
                 15. EPA Calculator Puts Greenhouse Gas Savings in Everyday
                     Terms


                  The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WB3
                  provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                  please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  Signup and Unsubscribe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                  Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues..




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0011974
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 6



                   Market Radius Reports
                   Focus on Your Market...
                  Market radius reports capture all waste
                  operations within a given market. They
                  provide analysis of the major players by
                  market share, and show historical trends
                  of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                  to that area. [ Learn More...)




                  1. WASTEWATER INDUSTRY MAY HAVE TO SPEND MILLIONS IF
                     EPA APPLIES MACT STANDARDS
                       The wastewater treatment Industry could face millions in additional
                       compliance costs if the EPA, which is said to be revisiting Clean Air Act
                       (CAA) regulations for biosolids incinerators, decides to apply the
                       maximum achievable control technology (MACT) standard, under CAA
                       section 129, to them. The EPA is moving in response to a court ruling
                       last year which overturned less stringent air rules for industrial solid
                       waste incinerators . However, the National Association of Clean Water
                       Agencies (NACWA), which represents the wastewater sector, argues that
                       biosolids burned In the incinerators pose significantly less risk than
                       emissions from medical waste or industrial burners. Nearly 20 percent of
                       wastewater treatment plants have a blosolids burner, and upgrading
                       burners to meet a MACT standard could cost. each plant millions to.
                       achieve. That would likely result in the closure of a number of plants
                       which would necessitate the diversion of the biosolids otherwise burned
                       to landfills ... Read More


                  2.   LAUTENBERG IS WORKING TO CLOSE WASTE HANDLING
                       EXEMPTION FOR RAILROADS
                       Sen. Frank Lautenberg (0-N3) and others are working to close.the waste
                       handling exemption for railroads. The goal is a legislative fix to make
                       permanent a provision in the fiscal year 2008 omnibus appropriations
                       law that prohibits the processing and transfer of solid waste at rail
                       facilities without meeting the strict environmental requirements that
                       normally apply to all other waste sites. Companies owning and using rail
                       transfer facilities have claimed that they are not subject to federal, state
                       and local environmental requirements because they can apply for
                       exemption under language in the 1995 Interstate Commerce
                       Commission Termination Act (ICCTA)... Read More


                 3.    WASTE CONNECTIONS POSTS VERY STRONG FOURTH
                       QUARTER
                       Waste Connections Inc. reported a 28% increase in net income driven by
                       a 16.3% growth in revenue last year compared to 2006. The Folsom-
                       based company also projected its revenue to grow 10% this year, to
                       between $1.05 billion and $1.06 billion. For the year ended Dec. 31, net
                       income grew to $99.1 million, or $1.42 per share, from $77.4 million, or
                       $1.10 per share last year. Revenue rose to $985.5 million in 2007, from
                       $824.4 million in 2006. According to CEO Ronald 3. Mittelstaedt,
                       "Internal growth exceeded our expectations, and operating results in the
                       quarter were quite strong, despite the approximate 100 basis point ($2.7
                       million) margin Impact from higher than expected fuel prices and the
                       labor disruption in El Paso.".. Read More »


                 4.    REPUBLIC SERVICES FORECASTS POSITIVE GAINS FOR 2008
                       Republic Services said it expects higher prices this year to capitalize on
                       demand for residential and commercial collection services. The company



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0011975
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 3 of 6


                       may raise prices as much as 4% this year on higher demand for
                       residential, commercial and industrial collection according to company
                       CEO James O'Connor. This overshadows lower demand for construction
                       debris removal, where he said that a decline in residential construction
                       may cut sales volume by as much as 1.5%. The company has forecast
                       earnings of between $1.78 and $1.82 for 2008... Read More


                  5.   OHIO EPA PROPOSES FIREBREAK AT REPUBLIC'S
                       COUNTYWIDE LANDFILL
                       Republic Services has been frustrated by delays from the Ohio EPA which
                       has taken until now to decide that a firebreak should be employed at the
                       company's Countywide Recycling & Disposal Facility. Construction is
                       likely to result in the release of offensive odors which could have been
                       minimized had to EPA approved the plan earlier so that construction
                       could have.begun during the early winter months. The EPA proposes that
                       a 950 feet long, 70-foot-deep trench be dug resulting in the removal and
                       reburial of some 385,000 cubic yards of waste. SCS Engineers, which is
                       consulting on the project, says that It will take two to four months. It is
                       postulated that problems at the landfill stem from an underground
                       chemical reaction between aluminum wastes and landfill liquids,
                       originally thought to be an underground fire... Read More »


                  6.   NC A.G. DEFENDS STATE 'S MORE STRINGENT LANDFILL
                       REGULATIONS
                       The North Carolina Attorney General's Office denies that a recent more
                       stringent state landfill law is unconstitutional as declared in a lawsuit
                       filed by Waste Industries, filed last December. At Issue is $13.5 million
                       that the company has already spent on a landfill project in Camden
                       County. Camden County signed a contract with Waste Industries
                       subsidiary Black Bear Disposal in November 2002 to build a landfill that
                       could accept as much as 10,000 tons of waste per day from other states.
                       It would have been the largest landfill In the state. Waste Industries
                       bought the 1,060-acre site for $6.5 million in 2004... Read More »


                  7.   PLAINTIFF WITHDRAWS LAWSUIT OBJECTING TO WASTE
                       INDUSTRIES BUYOUT
                       Waste Industries USA Inc. said that a plaintiff has filed a voluntarily
                       dismissal, without prejudice, of a lawsuit against the company related to
                       the proposed buyout of the firm. In a lawsuit filed on Dec. 19, the
                       shareholder had alleged breach of fiduciary duties by Waste Industries
                       and Its five directors In their approval of the transaction and sought to
                       stop the deal. Earlier that month, the company agreed to be acquired for
                       about $544 million, or $38 a share by a private investor group led by
                       Waste Industries founder and Chairman Lonnie C. Poole Jr., President
                       and Chief Executive Jim W. Perry and financial partners Macquarie
                       Infrastructure Partners and Goldman Sachs... Read More »


                                 ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                  Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                  the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and
                  comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                  processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                  The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                  powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                  to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                  materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                  stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                  (Learn More...)




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0011976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin



                  8. AMERICAN ECOLOGY REPORTS RECORD REVENUE, INCOME
                     AND VOLUME
                      Boise, Idaho-based radioactive and industrial waste company American
                      Ecology posted robust fourth quarter results. Net Income increased 28%
                      to $4.9 million, or $0.27 per share, from $3.8 million, or $0.21 per
                      share, in the year-ago quarter. Quarterly revenues rose 21% to $45.9
                      million from $37.9 million In the earlier quarter on a 21% Increase in
                      waste volumes delivered to the company's Nevada and Texas waste
                      facilities which received a record 280,000 tons during the quarter. The
                      company says that it expects to earn between $1.17 and $1.23 per
                      share in 2008 ... Read More))


                 9.   HALF OF GM VEHICLES TO RUN ON ETHANOL BY 2012
                      General Motors announced that half its U.S. vehicle volume will run on
                      ethanol by 2012. The company has partnered with Warrenville, Ill.-based
                      Coskata Inc. which Is building its first ethanol plant slated to open in late
                      2010. That plant and another which will be announced soon are based
                      on an engineering process developed by ICM Inc. which is currently
                      employed in over half of all U.S. ethanol production. Coskata said it will
                      be able to mass-produce ethanol at the plant for less than $1 per gallon
                      using a process that converts feedstock, biomass, agricultural waste or
                      municipal solid waste to ethanol... Read More))


                 10. SMURFIT-STONE REACHES RECORD 7 MILLION TONS
                     RECYCLED
                      Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. boasts that it broke a company record by
                      collecting more than 7 million tons of recyclables In 2007. The Chicago-
                      based company has traditionally been one of the largest paper recyclers,
                      but has lately been expanding Into the areas of glass, aluminum, plastic,
                      steel and scrap metal recycling. "We are pursuing an aggressive growth
                      strategy, with investments in technologically advanced sorting systems
                      and plastics collection, and we expect to see continued performance
                      improvement In 2008," said Michael R. Oswald, Smurfit-Stone senior
                      vice president, recycling. "Our export business is solid, and we continue
                      to grow domestically.".. Read More »


                 11. STERICYCLE POSTS FOURTH QUARTER IMPACTED BY
                     SETTLEMENT CHARGE
                      Medical waste management company Stericycle Inc. reported fourth
                      quarter profits that were Impacted by a hefty contract arbitration
                      settlement in Australia. The company earned $24.1 million, or $0.27 per
                      share , compared with a profit of $29 million, or $0.32 per share, during
                      the same period a year ago . Excluding the charges, the company would
                      have earned $0.38 per share which would have beat analysts'
                      expectations. Revenues rose strongly by 21% to $251.6 million from
                      $208.7 million. For the year, revenue rose to $932.8 million from $789.6
                      million and the company earned $118.4 million, or $1.32 per share,
                      compared with a profit of $105.3 million, or $1.16 per share, in
                      2006... Read More


                 12. CONVERTED ORGANICS DELIVERS FIRST ORGANIC WASTE
                     RECYCLING UNIT
                     Boston, MA- based Cohverted Organics Inc. says it has delivered its first
                     fully automated organic waste recycling system to Folsom State Prison in
                     California. The system converts biodegradable waste into an organic-
                     based fertilizer, the company said. Folsom will use the system as part of
                     a plan to reduce its waste diversion by 50%... Read More))




                 10/29/2009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 5 of 6


                  13. BFI CANADA TO ANNOUNCE FOURTH QUARTER ON MAR. 6
                      BFI Canada plans to release fourth quarter and year-end results at the
                      close of market on Thursday, March 6, 2008 and will host a conference
                      call the following day at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss those results... Read
                      More *


                  14. WCA WASTE CORP. TO RELEASE FOURTH QUARTER EARNINGS
                      ON MAR. 4
                     WCA Waste Corp. plans to announce fourth quarter and year-end
                     financial results at the close of the market on Tuesday March 4, 2008.
                     The company will host a conference call the following day at 8:30 a.m.
                     (ET) ... Read More))


                  15. EPA CALCULATOR PUTS GREENHOUSE GAS SAVINGS IN _
                      EVERYDAY TERMS
                     The US EPA has produced a calculator on its website to help people
                     translate greenhouse gas savings into everyday terms. For example, the
                     calculator equates "metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents" with
                     savings that would result from driving less, burning a particular amount
                     of gasoline, powering a particular number of homes for a year, growing
                     trees across a particular number of acres for a year, recycling so many
                     tons of waste, etc.. .Read More *


                 Waste Market Overview &              She of the WS$te Management Industry
                 Outlook                              Fastolicai ead pfo*w
                                                      01     as1
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation , collection,
                 processing , recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume . The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal , and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector . Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste , C&D recovery , food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment
                 · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0011978
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                     Page 6 of 6



                   PO Box 40034
                   San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                   Tel 619.793.5190
                   Fax 619.793.4713
                   Email info@ wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                   Forward email
                   UNSUBSCRIBE
                   This email was sent to office_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                   info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                   Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                   SafeUnsubscribeT M I Privacy Policy.
                   QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                   Email thompson@ wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   DISCLAIMER
                   Although WB] has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                   and are unintentional.




                 10/29/2009
      i
                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0011979
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 SWAMC Annual Conference Wrap-Up                                                                          Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, February 13, 2008 1:31 PM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: SWAMC Annual Conference Wrap-Up



                 From : Michael Catsi [mailto : mcatsi@swamc.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, February 13, 2008 1:23 PM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: SWAMC Annual Conference Wrap-Up




                                                                                  Southwest Alaska Economic Summit IN
                                                                                  Annual Membership Meeting Wrap-Up
                   SWAMC: The Next 20 Years
                                                                                                      February 13, 2008


                      Dear Sarah,




                      I
                                     The recent 2008 Economic Summit and Membership
                                     Meeting held on January 31 and February 1 was an
                                     excellent opportunity for SWAMC members and
                                     stakeholders to get together and celebrate 20 years of
                                     positive advocacy for the region . During the President's
                                     Reception we were able to honor the five individuals
                                     who played a prominent role in establishing SWAMC
                                     and setting the stage for the last twenty years . The four   THANKS AGAIN TO
                                      incorporators were Jerome Selby , Leon Braswell,             OUR HIGHLINER
                     Lamar Cotten , and Paul Fuhs , along with John Levy , the first Executive      SPONSORS!
                     Director. Highlights of the reception included a champagne toast,
                     birthday cake , and an unforgettable lounge rendition of "I left My Heart          Skipper
                     in Unalaska" by Frank Kelly.                                                       Pen Air

                     The conference panels included marketing our communities and                     Deck Master
                     seafood , fisheries policy updates , enhancing entrepreneurial growth in       City of Unalaska
                     the region , a funders forum , and our annual membership meeting where       Wells Fargo Bank N.A.
                     several resolutions and positions were adopted . Our lunchtime keynote
                     speakers covered topics as diverse as marine debris , SWAMC's new                 Deck Hand
                     solid waste program , and regional ports and harbor perspectives from           Alaska Seafood
                     the Army Corps of Engineers . A highlight of our banquet was the               Marketing Institute
                     Candidates Forum for the race for the US House of Representatives              City of King Cove
                     with Diane Benson , Ethan Berkowitz, Gabrielle LeDoux , and Jake                 City of Kodiak
                     Metcalfe.                                                                    Kodiak Island Borough



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0011980
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 SWAMC Annual Conference Wrap-Up                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                          It was a pleasure meeting many of you and putting faces to names. I                         Ounalashka
                          hope you all took the opportunity to meet our staff who did an excellent                     Corporation
                          job of putting the conference together and I commend them all for their                  The Pebble Limited
                          efforts. Thank you very much for attending and I look forward to working                     Partnership
                          with you all as we explore ways to positively grow our region.                            City of Unalaska
                          Warm regards,                                                                              Coffee Break
                                                                                                                   Alaska Permanent
                          Michael Catsi                                                                           Capital Management
                          Executive Director                                                                       Boyd, Chandler &
                                                                                                                     Falconer, LLP
                          For those of you who attended , we ask that you please take a few                        HDR Alaska, Inc.
                          moments to fill out an online survey regarding the conference . It should               Northern Economics.
                          only take about 5 minutes to complete. Many thanks!                                             Inc.
                          In addition , to check out presentations , panelists , adopted resolutions                City of Sand Point
                          and more , please visit our Economic Summit Wrap-Uo oage on the
                          SWAMC website.                                                                              President's
                                                                                                                       Reception
                                                                                                                  The Aleut Corporation
                         Thanks for a great conference, and
                         we hope to see you again next                F 20 year chocolate
                                                                      :!d                                         Energy Workshop
                         year...                                                                                     USDA- Rural
                                                                                                                  Development Alaska




                                                                                                                  Join our mailing
                                                                                                                        list!




                      email: adminDswamc.ora
                      phone: (907) 562-7380
                      web: http://www.swamc.org


                       Forward email
                                                                                                                    Email Mar keting by
                       ® SafeUnsubscribe®
                       This email was sent to sarah_palin@gov.state.ak.us, by mcatsi@swamc.ora
                         date Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with SSaafeUnsubscribe" I Privacy Policy.      cA/ owitcon  '
                                                                                                                      TRY IT FREE


                       Southwest Alaska Municipal Conference 13300 Arctic Boulevard , Suite 203 1 Anchorage I AK 199503




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0011981
