Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From :   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                  Sent:    Tuesday, February 12, 2008 8:30 AM
                  To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                  Subject: thought this was a fair assessment

                Steve's story I thought conveyed the right message-you'll hear what Conoco has to say, yet you're not going to
                change any rules for them or any others.

                 Palin and gas line team meet with Conoco Phillips
                AGIA CONCERNS: Despite rebuff, energy giant pushes its ideas.

                By STEVE QUINN
                The Associated Press

                (02/12/08 01:04:39)
                JUNEAU -- Gov. Sarah Palin has met with executives from Conoco Phillips to discuss a prospective
                natural gas pipeline -- one month after turning down the company's proposal.
                She stressed the state was not negotiating any long-range fiscal plans -- tax rates and length of the
                terms -- which the company has sought as part of a gas pipeline deal.
                The meeting took place Sunday afternoon in Anchorage and included members of her gas line team. It
                lasted about four hours, Palin said.
                Last month, Palin rejected Conoco Phillips' gas line proposal, but she has pledged to keep meeting with
                company officials.
                Palin said Sunday's meeting was simply to review. concerns the company had with the state's Alaska
                Gasline Inducement Act, or AGIA.
                "It's to fulfill our commitment to not dismiss anybody's Ideas and proposals on how to monetize
                Alaska's gas resources ," Palin said.
                A Conoco Phillips spokeswoman said Monday the company would not immediately comment.
                The company submitted a proposal last November that was outside the guidelines established by AGIA.
                Rather, Conoco Phillips has asked the state to first deal with a fiscal framework needed to ensure
                commitments of shipping gas in a pipeline.
                Conoco Phillips is the state's largest producer of oil and shares in the leases for nearly 35 trillion cubic
               feet of natural gas reserves in the North Slope.
                Last month, independent pipeline company TransCanada emerged as the only application deemed
               compliant so far.
               The Calgary-based company proposes shipping gas from the North Slope 1,715 miles southeast Into a
               Canadian pipeline system, ultimately sending it to the Midwest. A public comment period ends March 6.
               But Conoco Phillips has launched a public campaign to keep its position at the forefront.
               Next week U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens will be paying the Legislature a visit and is expected to discuss the
               gas line during his annual address.
               He and other members of the state's congressional delegation have long stressed the urgency of
               moving forward with the project.
               Palin said she understands the urgency. She cited a faded 1958 newspaper display ad calling for the
               need to produce North Slope gas, nearly 20 years before oil began flowing from the North Slope.
               "Yes, there needs to be expediency today to get our gas into hungry markets," Palln said on Monday.
               "But we are not going to be in a panic and change rules, and negotiate secretly or do anything that is
               outside the public's purview, to rush through a deal that isn't in Alaska's best interest."




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0011967
