Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Wednesday, February 13, 2008 11:21 AM
              To:                     Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
              Subject:                Fw: [wnc] Gingrich Warns of GOP Catastrophe - NewsMax



              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska@alaska.com>



             Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2008 09:58:27

             To:"Palin, Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: [wnc] Gingrich Warns of GOP Catastrophe --              NewsMax




             CPAC speech (which we missed). My best, WAR




             Subject: [wnc] Gingrich Warns of GOP Catastrophe -- NewsMax




              "If we run a traditional consultant-dominated tactical Republican campaign, like we've
             seen in the last eight years, we will be defeated this fall, and we will be having a CPAC
             meeting next year talking about how we rebuild for the future with either President Obama
             or President Clinton in charge."

             Gingrich Warns of-GOP Catastrophe




              NewsMax Staff

              Monday , 11 February 2008

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0011990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              In a rousing speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Sunday, former
              House Speaker Newt Gingrich called for a conservative "declaration of independence" from
              the Republican Party.

              He also warned that Republicans face a "catastrophic" election this year unless the GOP
              changes course.

              Gingrich pointed out that on Super Tuesday, 14.6 million voters took part in the
              Democratic races, compared to 8.3 million Republicans.

              "There were 14.6 million Democrats who thought the presidential nomination was worth
              voting for, and there were 8.3 million Republicans on Super Tuesday," Gingrich said.

              "That is a warning of a catastrophic election. I was in Idaho this last week, and Barack
              Obama on last Saturday had 16,000 people in Boise. The idea [of] the most liberal
              Democratic Senator getting 16,000 people in Boise was inconceivable.

              "And every person who cares about the conservative movement and every person who cares
              about the Republican Party had better stop and say to themselves, 'There is something big
              happening in this country. We don't understand it. We're not responding to it. And we're
              currently not competitive. And if we want to get to be competitive, we had better change
              and we had better change now."

              Gingrich stressed that he was not commenting on any of the current candidates for
              president.

             Rather, he said, "this is a comment about the conservative movement, and it's a comment
             about the Republican Party, and all the candidates currently running fit within those two
             phrases. But it is about all of us. It is about our Congressman, our Senator, our
             governors, our county commissioners, our school board members.

              "And let me make this very clear, I believe we have to change or expect defeat.

              "And I believe that this is a time for the conservative movement to issue a declaration of
              independence-

             "First of all, I think we need to get independent from a Washington fixation. There are
             513,000 elected officials in the United States and the conservative movement should
             believe in a decentralized United States, where every elected official has real
             responsibility, and we should be developing a conservative action plan, at every level of
             this country, and not.simply focused over and over again on arguments about the white
             House...

             "I also think that we need to declare our independence from trying to protect and defend
             failed bureaucracies that magically become ours as soon as we are in charge of them. We
             appoint solid conservatives to a department and within three weeks they are defending and
             protecting the very department that they would have been attacking before they got
             appointed."

             Gingrich drew considerable applause when he continued with his "independence" theme:

             "There is one other declaration of independence we need and this will startle some of you.
             And remember I say this from a background of having been active in the Georgia Republican
             Party since 1960. In a fundamental way, the conservative movement has to declare itself
             independent from the Republican Party.

             "Let me make very clear what I'm saying here. I am not saying there should be a third
             party - I think a third party is a dumb idea, will not get anywhere, and in the end will
             achieve nothing.

             "I actually believe that any reasonable conservative will, in the end, find that they have
             an absolute requirement to support the Republican nominee for president this fall...

                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0011991
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             "As a citizen , I would rather have a President McCain that we fight with 20 percent of the
             time , than a President Clinton or a President Obama that we fight with 90 percent of the
             time."

             But he warned : " If we run a traditional consultant-dominated tactical Republican campaign,
             like we ' ve seen in the last eight years, we will be defeated this fall, and we will be
             having a CPAC meeting next year talking about how we rebuild for the future with either
             President Obama or President Clinton in charge."




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0011992
