Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, February 13, 2008 8:43 AM
              To:                      nate4u2rite@yahoo.com
              Subject:                 RE: Education


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, February 13, 2008 6:31 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Education



              Web mail from: Mr. Nathaniel Wenger

              address: 128 S. 11th St. Apt. 3F Philadelphia PA 19107

               484-571-4411




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Sarah Palin,




              Happy Holidays,  My interest in pursuing a career allowed me to dive into writing and open
              new doors.  I came right in, landed on top, and began thinking like a philosopher.
              Civilocity is an idea that I, Nathaniel Isaac Wenger, placed lexis upon my blank canvas
              forming a republic for the people of the twenty-first century, placed below. I wanted to
              send you some of my work. My last handout was titled 'Jewish Mafia' encouraging people to
              use pens and not guns, building instead of destroying. My new one is titled 'Trunks and
              Asses' discussing a republic for the people of the twenty-first century. A vision for the
              future. I am trying to catch technology up with politics. I would be honored if it was
              read and discussed by you and your colleagues. I have been changing government policy and
              thought to send you a rough copy. I also had some questions concerning your view of the
              American constitution. I was curious to know your opinions on the Patriot Act, a law
              allowing the wiretapping of Am

              erican citizens. In The United States of America you are innocent until proven guilty. How
              can a citizen be proven guilty without stepping a toe in a court room? Is it legal to
              scream fire in an empty theater?




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Trunks and Asses



              The World of Elephants and Donkeys

              Republicans and Democrats

              A republic for the people of the twenty-first century



              Welcome

              my name is



              Nathaniel Wenger




             All rights reserved

             Copyright e 2007 by Nathaniel Wenger




             No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted

              In any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,

             Including photocopying,      recording . Or by any information

              storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing

             from the publisher




             Published by

             Nathaniel Wenger

             Philadelphia, PA 19107


                                                                2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Printed in the United States of America




              Everyday men and everyday women are the wholesome organs that bring hope to this country.
              A leaders role in democracy is to teach . The peoples role in a democracy is to rule.
              Democracy cannot be the manipulation of what people want to hear . A government does what
              is in the best interest of the government and not necessarily the people . Today, we
              appoint people into positions of power who usurp for themselves the dominion of the
              population as a whole.

              Civilocity is the term I use to gain the   people the correct information to be informed
              about the actions that democracy imposes   on the country and the world . To understand in
              basic English the term Civilocity, it is   allowing the people to watch the government. This
              philosophy is going to be the groundwork   for the next great civilization. A republic for
              the people of the twenty-first century.

              The most important aspect of Civilocity, is that it will allow a government to exist where
              the corruption , secrets , and cover ups are removed from the nations capital , the white
              house.

              The people utilizing the technology of today such as cameras will allow the white house to
              evolve before the publics eyes. This entitles a pragmatic philosophy called Civilocity
              where the appointment of the president in a federal democratic state , is watched twenty-
              four hours a day, seven days a week, broad-casted on channel one to the entire country, on
              public television. To know what is occurring in a government which is appointed by the
              voters can not end with the appointment of a leader. Lets get the people into the white
              house and not just a person . How did the leaders first react to Democracy , women voting,
              or African Americans voting?

              Corruption will be a difficult task to remove completely from politics but when a person
              becomes the president of this country, filling the most power position in the world, we
              the people must do everything we can to remove corruption completely from that person. We
              do not want another leader who informs the population falsely because of their personal
              motives. The people of this nation will see first hand how the a democratic nation is run,
              instead of having one leader who will be able to manipulate how a country will be run.

              Our judgments in who we appoint to office at times is most alarming for the peoples
              safety. We seem to desire faith in a candidate in hopes of prosperity in our own homes
              whereas the truth seems to linger in secret meetings causing a false impression of whom
              the candidates we vote for truly are. The voters must utilize our resources and technology
              to ensure that the highest position, in the most progressive country, the president, is
              free of corruption , secret meetings , and cover ups. We can accomplish this simply by
              keeping the voters eye, of both parties, on the president by enforcing cameras when a
              president assumes command of a country.

              Since the rise of computers and television the nations in which utilize those technologies
              have become more accepting in general. The information that the twentieth and twenty-first
              century has been flooded with has allowed us to be more tolerant of music, clothes, art,
              and movies which has caused a renaissance . You can see how the movies have evolved since
              the time they first began not only in color but in content. This has caused our
              conventional outlooks to reshape themselves in public and ever-slowly in politics.
              Civilocity will speed the rate of progress while ridding the most powerful person in the
              country, the president, of corruption in that persons time serving the people. The basic
              human natures are now coming out and our beginning to be considered normal.

              The people voting for the president will be informed as much as the president who is
              speaking for the people. The voters want to watch the leader whom they appointed to power
                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012005
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              over their life. Civilocity will be a government of the entire population. It will empower
              the people much like democracy did when it was first introduced . Imagine voting for a
              president who will then be watched twenty four hours a day seven days a week on public
              television, broadcasted to the entire country. It will finally be a nation that knows and
              hears what is happening in the world because it will hear exactly what the president
              hears . This is an open society . You will vote for a leader who will be watched by the
              people and over the course of time it will begin to embody the true all American. It will
              go through wavelengths changing into what the people need most in that period of time.
              When people are tired of a serious leader it will open up a leader who is more
              entertaining concerning policies.

              The most challenging aspect to overcome is the peoples desire for appearance in a
              candidate . Appearance already plays a role in who we appoint to office due in large part
              because of our evolving technology including television and computers . Appearance will
              play a larger role in politics because the public will not want to watch a hideous leader.
              The more the president balances pleasure and work will be seen by the public and
              identified in which the public likes viewing and should be doing. Too much pleasure will
              leave the people upset at the lack of work and too much work will allow the public to see
              the lack of pleasure. It will change in this cycle until it maintains a balance where the
              people see a leader who implements the same beliefs as the majority of the population, a
              true all American. This will cancel out corruption in the white house because the people
              will vote for a leader every four years who , will be watched by the people and see what
              the leader is implementing and dec

              iding. What the president reads the public will read. What the president hears the public
              will hear. All the small nonsense which the government partakes in will vanish. It will
              finally bring just dominion to a country.

              The people want to know exactly what the president knows because we are all on the same
              team, humanity. Nobody leaves us, we only leave others. We cannot leave the president
              alone after appointed in a democracy. The public needs to be intuitive about the
              democratic policies and not maintain a tabula rasa state of mind . The chief informant will
              be the president adhering to the publics wishes concerning what is taught. The president
              of the United States will be looked upon for being the nations teacher. The President will
              be a philosopher of insight, a leader with political connections, and an informant to the
              public.

              The leaders of today lack progression and reform which has been the foundation of what
              created this society. The conventionalism of today is caused from the lack of acceptance
              for the arts of liberalism and freedom . The republic of the twenty-first century has used
              the government to control the people incorrectly and have penetrated the destruction of
              many at the gain of few political leaders.

              Such means of using technology through the patriot act has left a government to be bound
              by unjust policy on there search for peace and security through the most un - American
              means . The government is in search of free gurus who exhibit their first amendment rights
              of freedom of the press and are left in the midst of the struggling class . This government
              wasn ' t created because of money it was created because of freedom . A freedom which today
              is lost and is in need of change . A person cannot have their life violated and their
              freedoms and rights lost in privacy without a fair-trial . In the United States you are
              innocent until proven guilty. This is not China where you are guilty until proven
              innocent . The president ' s presumptions have been catastrophic in handling the people of
              the world . We must turn the cameras on the people we appoint to the white house. The
              information that is received from the patriot act is not entirely being classified. The
              leak of information can lead a person to

               become unpatriotic in how they conduct themselves.

              Conventional Generation is the generation that is lead by conservative leaders and does
              not maintain the progressive reform as the public of the country. We must implement the
              technology of today into the white house for the people' s safety , the voters, the police,
              and the soldiers who make this country who she is . We have technology to fly in the sky
              and yet we don't have a basic reliable voting machine in all fifty states . That in this
              generation is preposterous.

              The Conventional Generation is slowing the scientific and technological progress for new
              improvements that will help the future of the people. It is expected that the people are
                                                             4




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0012006
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              unconventional and come up with new ideas that will become jokes to the conventional
              leaders. It is expected that the nobles at parties will ridicule new trains of thought and
              maintain Darwin's theory of natural selection. Any president opposed to Civilocity would
              have something to hide from the people, the voters. The voters, who are the ones who
              appointed the president too power over there lives. We are in the Conventional Generation.
              The selection refers to the amount of money which is held by the pyramid of man. Money
              wields power and by can also lead to corruption and unjust men and women. Thus, forming a
              society whose only concern is maintaining the principles that we believe are more
              civilized then other civilizations. We don't consider our effect on the environment
              seriously. Oil consumption must be ad

              dressed immediately on how it affects the environment.

              In the previous generation we have seen nuclear weapons, AIDS, and global warming become a
              topic of concern for the people who are under 35, the age needed to run for president in
              the United States. Imposed on the people are repetitive ideas for conservative philosophy
              that is not equaling the output of the people.

              The exact definition of `Democracy ' by the Encyclopedia Britannica is, "literally , rule by
              the people . The term is derived from the Greek demokratia , which was coined from demos
              (`people `) and kratos ('rule) in the middle of the 5th century BC to denote the political
              systems then existing in some Greek city - states , notably Athens."

             Democracy and Civilocity go together like peanut butter and jelly. Civilocity, is as great
             an idea as Democracy. This will empower the people. If we have the technology we must
             embrace it to see how the president is conducting business. We cannot appoint a president
             to lead the people and then not see the presidents decision process or a clear view of
             what is going on. Anytime in a democratic nation where an approval rating drops below
             fifty percent is not maintaining the definition of democracy, rule by the people. That is
             a call for impeachment. If not it allows the government to become a dictatorship, where
             the people are in power only one day every four years in the decision process of which
             dictator we choose.

             Looking at the people I do not see anything Conventional. Looking at the government and
             how the nation in this day and age is run is strictly Conventional.

             The laws of the country, the average person does not know where to find to read. When a
             person reads the laws, it is not understood by the average American. On top of that they
             use names to cover up the laws so people think they are helping the people and really they
             can be causing harm.

             The Patriot Act can be easily misused by the government and take away the rights of a
             citizen in the Unites States without ever being proven guilty in a court where a single
             citizens or voter can defend the constitutional rights given to us by citizenship. People
             are allowed to scream fire in an empty theater without causing a concern although, when a
             person screams fire in a crowded theater it is illegal and should be a cause of concern.

             In the United States we have had a law for over 200 years which I am in favor of changing.
             The law is called The Alien Enemies Act, officially it is called An Act Respecting Alien
             Enemies . The law states that in a time of war a male over the age of fourteen, who is from
             the country we are at war at, can be sent back to that country without a trial based on
             the president's presumption. We need today to see where the president's presumptions are
             coming from because many false presumptions are occurring. This leads the people to be
             misled by the presidents actions.

             In order to have the people truly rule, the people must know what is going on. In this
             generation the conventionalism of expecting what's going to happen has not evolved. The
             democracy has not been in pace with the technology and the society. In a Civilocity form
             of dominion the people will be the rulers. The people will appoint a president and then
             receive the same information the president receives. Democracy is the organ of wholesome
             contentment. In the United States, the view of the country is that the people rule in the
             decision of who will rule the people. Even today, democracy is then divided by electoral
             votes where it is possible that.the majority of the people wont necessarily elect a
             president who will be voted in by the majority. Giving the power not to themselves but a
             leader who will be able to lead on presumptions of their personal moral code of conduct.
             Thus, it dismantles the rule by the people, democracy.

                                                            5




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0012007
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               A presidents role is to enforce the constitutional law of the country and come to
               decisions based on the majority view . The appointing of a leader in a democratic process
               is saying that we appoint a leader who is favored by fifty percent of the population. If
               that percentage becomes smaller then fifty percent it is proven that the true definition
               of democracy is not imposed on the people.

               It is a conservative world believing in mystical beliefs . A politician is the most
               unreligious person the country could have . In the past the leaders of the world have
               thrust their beliefs on the public , persecuted anyone who didn't believe in the same
               beliefs, and even declared themselves as G-d . How can a leader who uses force to execute
               decisions , where lives will be taken , then go and pray that they should not kill. It
               contradicts themselves and makes them all look like flip flopper's.

               Mystical beliefs are adhering to the knowledge that you are following something based on a
               presumption . We cannot be lead by presumptions in this Conventional Generation. Many
               leaders say that there beliefs all stand for a metaphor and that already creates a divide
               where every reader will take the metaphor differently breeding extremist's who completely
               turn the words around a hundred and eighty degrees into their own philosophy losing the
               fundamentals of what they themselves worship.

               There is no doubt in my mind that there is a higher power . How am I suppose to know what
               to call that power ? I use the term G-d like most people in the world to make sense of
               everything that I don't know. That is G-d! The creator of everything that changes. People
               believe in metaphors and worship them which is the scariest thing mankind does. A
               presumption is a fact not certainly known , thus being a theory of discussion and new
               presumptions . Worshipping a mystical belief can lead a person to extreme presumptions
               based on what they wish to believe.

               Intelligent design was an idea to teach the biblical creation of the world in the school
               systems . This idea was suggested in the courts in the twenty - first century that undermined
               evolution . Today , science has proven that man was not created six days after the beginning
               of existence. We have fossils of dinosaurs that range millions of years apart before the
               time man evolved into homo - sapiens . Homo - sapiens , humans , are an evolving species . We have
               learned to create fire and write languages which has set us apart from the other animals.
               We continue to evolve in intelligence and an example would be in technological evolution
               which includes the printing press, electricity , computers . The world evolves through plate
               tectonics , earthquakes , volcanoes , ice ages , and all the elements that shape our changing
               planet. Evolution to me is `the process of natural change.'

               The government is much like a form of organized belief . Democracy is the motor of the
               nation . It is imperialistic which refers to capitalizing from effort of supply and demand.
               In school we are told what to study and that shapes our personal outlook. Civilocity will
               evolve politics into the twenty-first century. We can not be lead by leaders who are
               extremists , such as the American ex-republican senator Rick Santorum who suggested
               intelligent design and took this issue to court and lost with an incorrect ideology in
               modern culture, trying to teach the youth of the country that evolution is a myth. This
               has been proven by science to be incorrect and evolution is in fact taking place today
               even as I write . The government teaches us what to believe based on what we study . We must
               make sure what we learn is science, evolution, and the acceptance that we do not know all
               the answers. Our parents shape our beliefs along with the communities we take part in.
               Mystical beliefs allow us to grasp

                a story and retain the morals that could fit our real life, which benefits the people
               from an idea that creates fundamentals in our daily life that we try to hold on to. The
               understanding of what one wishes to believe will shape that person . Every president was
               and is a person with a belief. That belief and the struggle for power will be the hardest
               battle a man or a woman will face in the course of time ; power from rise in society
               verse's moral beliefs. The balance of the two, power and beliefs, will decide a man or
               woman's fate and destiny. in a democracy that balance is maintaining what is in the
               people ' s best interest and not one ' s best interest . Anytime the president appoints a
               leader to a position of power the people will be informed of all the conversations and
               decisions the president takes part in. Making a mockery out of the president would not be
               watching the president, the person we appointed, but having an approval rating under fifty
               percent because at that point democrac

               y, rule by people, is not working.

                                                               6




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0012008
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               In this country we have a democratic vote and are dictated what is happening in the white
               house after that vote . We don ' t have a democratic rule where the people have access to see
               what's going on. Civilocity will allow the people to rule.

              Environment is the most important issue that we can possibly discuss . Through the course
              of my studying and learning, I myself have changed my views back and forth concerning how
              we should treat the environment. I have struggled believing that we must do everything
              possible to stop the alarming global warming which has proven to be occurring today. I
              have also considered why dinosaurs, and by a scientific estimate ninety five percent of
              all living creatures were removed from the earth prior to mankind and knowledge of global
              warming . The effect ' s of damming and pollution on the rivers , than affects the process of
              how we evolve over the next hundred years. The effect of draining the soil of oil and
              using it for our energy only leaves me dumbfounded about how the world will react if the
              earth didn ' t have oil for its energy . Now renewable energy in this day and age is being
              replaced by cheaper means such as damming the rivers and creating nuclear energy which
              causes only short term gain

              or what we all love instant gratification. Not using our resources to create alternate
              means of energy will speed up the chemicals being absorbed in our atmosphere which affects
              the temperature on earth.

              When people living in urban areas were not able to see the stars in the sky that should
              have been the first cause of concern. The stars were a calendar for the people in prior
              generations. The cities of today have become so polluted that in a metropolitan area it is
              difficult to see the constellations in the skies above.

              Plankton and trees are two of the largest leading plants that produce oxygen into our
              environment . We use this oxygen to breathe . As the population increases we begin to expand
              in all directions, vertically into skyscrapers and horizontally into farms. The forests
              are being cut down at alarming rates and species are continuously being put onto the
              endangered species list. We are in a country that states that we landed on the moon and
              yet we can look at third world countries and do practically nothing to get running water
              into the homes of people without water. We must leave the environment cleaner than we
              found it. With the need of energy our consumption rate will only increase. Without
              adequate forms of renewable energy that is implemented by our leaders the effects on
              future generations will be devastating. Asserting ourselves in a diplomatic expression is
              our fundamental responsibility as citizens in a free country. Addressing the issues is not
              a job for one man. This is needed bec

              ause of the topics of discussion, the cover ups, the secret meeting, and the corruption. A
              president should have a keen eye on philosophy and an outlook on the world and the country
              that desires improvements.

              What good is a leader who doesn't build higher? A government is not suppose to only talk.
              A government is a body of action. The difference between the United States and the Roman
              Empire is that one of them is no longer here. The amount of information we have today
              concerning global warming must be addressed because of how we are treating the ozone
              layer. In the Industrial revolution the increasing technology and effect it has created,
              has led to the need for this generation, to address the facts concerning our actions on
              the environment. It is expected that we will be led by conventional wisdom and always seek
              unconventional ideas in an imperialistic fashion. Imperialism will only fall when the
              planet will not be able to withstand the humans greed. We will continue at a rate that
              will not take the issues seriously until the effects are horrendous.

              The amount of pollution and chemicals we are put into the air and water, is leaving the
              future generations with many serious problems. An example would be to go fishing in a
              river close to a city with a population over one million. The water is disgusting and if
              we make the air as disgusting as the water we are in serious trouble. We used to be able
              to drink the waters from the rivers for survival. Now, we must filter the water from the
              rivers of the cities so we don't get sick.

              In the Middle Ages people were so disgusting that disease spread like wildfire making man
              search for new land. I never want to say we use to be able to breath the air in the sky
              without a filter for our survival.

              The technology that we are using is changing. The generations before us have seen cars,
              computers, televisions, phones, planes, etc. all within the last 200 years. Mainly due to
                                                             7




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0012009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               the Industrial Revolution. The rate of productivity and progress is not in pace with
               allowing the people a true view of democracy in this day and age . The productivity is
               increasing, the technology is increasing, the ideas are increasing and we must implement
               them into our politics. The leaders are becoming more and more powerful and the discussion
               topics that they discuss, only leaves the people wondering what is going on in this
               country? Instating a Civilocity form of union, which allows the people to hold the power
               and use the technology which we have access to, will create a fourth check and balance in
               the government.

               We have the correct technology to finally evolve Democracy to it's literal translation
               `rule by the people`. A common voting machine that is the same in all 50 states where you
               go to vote and automatically it tallies the results on the internet for the population to
               view must be the start of attaching the technology of today into politics.

               A democracy is not working if the majority of the country doesn't vote. The people in a
               democracy must know the same information that the president knows, who is only president
               because of the people.

               The issues that people must take part in are endless. Forms of technology such as cars
               which create the greatest source of emissions are creating alarming levels of pollution in
               today's atmosphere. Carbonaceous fuels, which means fuels rich in carbon, are warming the
               carbon dioxide rates over one hundred PPMVCC (parts per million by volume of concentrated
               carbon) since the industrial revolution. Scientist understand that the need of energy is
               increasing and the desire for technology to produce renewable energy is possibly the most
               important topic that our generation is challenged with today.

               The progression is not in pace with the people's effort. Our access through computers
               allowing us to learn and take part in retrieving information has shaped our desire to
               increase our knowledge. It is an American Proverb that, `money is like manure, it is only
               good when spread.' Isn't knowledge more important to spread? Knowledge is like manure, it
               is only good when spread. We finally have the technology to make the true philosophy of
               democracy occur. if we have the technology and the philosophy we must implement it into
               modern times.

              Entertainment and media are shaping the culture differently than how it is being lead.
              Entertainment can influence a culture with images that allow people to be connected
              through symbolism of a persons thoughts or feelings. The media portrays different figures
              based on what they are told. The media is one of the teachers informing the citizens about
              what is going on in the world with a view, that we only hope is true. Through a series of
              events that unfold, we are taught how to perceive the information by the way it is
              presented. For example if we are told its going to rain outside we might dress differently
              and carry an umbrella. The entertainment and media industry shapes the culture which in
              turn is looked for in the policies being implemented. Civilocity will create a time where
              we know first hand by viewing our leaders actions whether or not we share the same thought
              process as the leader. The discussion of what the leader is talking about over the dinner
              table should include the

               entire population to see what is being discussed. This will allow the country to be apart
              of the meal with the leader and listen to the important issues being presented. If half
              the country doesn't agree with the president actions that concludes that the president we
              chose through democracy is not working for the people.

              The public is taught and told exactly what to believe. With a culture that wants sex,
              loves sex, and needs sex for survival it spreads like wild fire through the media and
              entertainment portrayal. It doesn't matter if the divorce rates increase and children are
              left with only a single parent. We love it! Dysfunctional families have become the norm.
              Over fifty percent of all married couples end up divorced. Our families become the
              communities we are in, the religions we worship, the cultures we share, and the country we
              live in. We turn to accepting others as fast as we accept a movie grabbing our attention
              and leaving us talking about it days later. We love it! We live to be entertained and we
              live to find means of escape.

              Today, the president is already made fun of daily on numerous shows on television, in
              movies, in the newspaper, in songs, and in anything that the people can ridicule the
              leader of the country with. We as Americans love the capitalistic, imperialistic, free,
              society we are apart of. The people want to know who the mentors of the leader are, where
              the president retrieves information, and our asking it to evolve at the same rate as the




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012010
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               people. We want to know this because if the majority of the country is not approving of
               the leaders actions, and I might be the first to say it but the people want to know why by
               seeing why. People want to be taught by a leader, in this generation and future
               generations, all the information, and the correct information. The president must be the
               correct teacher to lead a nation and the nation needs to be able to witness, first hand,
               everything the president does. This, will only benefit the people. This is where
               Civilocity stems from the desire to be a pa

               rt of the white house. If three candidates run for president and the winner receives forty
               percent of the vote and the other opponents receive thirty percent then through democratic
               process the person who wins the majority of the votes will be inaugurated into the white
               house and must maintain over fifty percent approval rating. when the people are asked if
               the president is doing a good job and fifty percent say respond with yes, we will be able
               to see and speak clearly of the leaders leadership by watching how the president handles
               office.

               Drugs have been an increasing major issue in this society. During the nineteen twenties
               prohibition occurred which made alcohol illegal. Something that people might not know is
               that in that period of time it drove the underground market through the roof with the
               demand of alcohol. It caused many deaths from poisonous contamination and gave many
               alcohol dealers the money and the power to change the shape of the culture. Underage
               drinking remains a common activity for the youth, and will be, until the law changes. A
               soldier must be able to drink legally if a soldier is aloud to die for their country on
               foreign soil and shoot a gun. This is common sense especially for moral.

               Every year there is a new drug on the market. It allows drug dealers the opportunity to
               make money through the distribution of the drugs because of the need of supply and demand.
               The government must regulate drugs instead of allowing drug dealers to come to power from
               the sales of drugs. Legalizing drugs and using the money for education or energy purposes
               will allow the people to at least be better informed about what goes into their bodies. As
               long as drugs are illegal they can be easily laced and mishandled. The amount of people
               who are in jails because of drugs is overwhelming. The rehabs that people receive because
               of drug usage, for help, has a success rate lower then fifty percent. In a democracy that
               means that the majority isn't receiving adequate treatment. Drugs are an escape for people
               who find reality too hard to deal with. The mind altering substance shapes a persons
               feelings and might even give them confidence and a social circle to feel accepted. The
               issues that are on

               the tips of people ' s tongues must be addressed and dealt with in alternative means.
              What ' s on the tip of your tongue ? Civilocity will allow the people a chance to see exactly
              the issues on the presidents table and how the president deals with those issues . As long
              as entertainment makes drugs acceptable drugs will be consumed . Prohibition is a perfect
              example of the effects of an illegal substance on the people of this country and the cause
              and effect that occurs . Drugs are an issue that wont go away as long as there is a supply
              and demand , and a media and entertainment that justifies the usage of drugs , will continue
              to advertise to the people.

              The amount of money the government could make in one year from the legalization of drugs
              could build a solar power energy station in the Moab desert. The money for renewable
              energy must be addressed. Wind power can also be utilized. This nation is laid out like an
              American Quilt. All along this nation there are huge gray power lines, approximately a
              million of them. If the money from the legalization of drugs was used to upgrade these
              power lines into the twenty-first century and wind power was installed, it would provide a
              remarkable renewable energy source. This will stop the dependency of energy from foreign
              nations which we don't have close ties with. As long as there is a demand the supply will
              be present.

              Wars are fought with political leaders pens and young men's lives. We do not ride horses
              into battle. We have weapons far deadlier then any other weapons from any time. The world
              would be a better place if no soldier was aloud to step foot out of its nations borders in
              the years serving their country. We have a map and GPS (Global Positioning System) that
              allows us to view the entire world and divide the world up into different nations. Killing
              is Neanderthal, peace hasn't evolved yet. Appointing new laws that would favor the people
              would benefit the people and the world. We must foster progressive intelligence and not
              ridicule and dismantle all unconventional ideas.

              Communication is the key to grasping the realm of thought presented in this day and age.
                                                            9




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0012011
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Different people intermingling and exchanging ideas breeds tensions which turns the more
               uncivilized human beings to perform actions that go against their beliefs and the proper
               edict of society. Whilst using Civilocity the people will watch the leader of the
               government so the people will see what and who the government is watching. The perfect
               check and balance to remove corruption completely and stop the cover ups that are
               effecting the people who cannot speak up for themselves. The wars that the country gets
               involved with will allow the people to receive the same information as the president. The
               people are the ones who love this country and cant wait to volunteer to fight in the best
               military in the world, the United State of America. Without the army this country would be
               nothing. The military is the force that protects the country. The people in this country
               must make sure the laws that the

               soldiers fight for are upheld. This aspect of Civilocity is revolutionary because the
               people want to know exactly what they are fighting for or defending.

               People must learn never to follow a killer. Although, civilization and organization are
               the reasons man sits on top of the pyramid of man. I cannot imagine how a person who
               fights for their country will want to die on foreign soil because of the president's
               presumption. The people want to know what is going on in the white house. Any tax paying
               citizen, or a writer whose trying to make money to pay taxes, should have all the
               information that the president has in a democracy. Today we have a chance to follow
               leaders like Gandhi or Martin Luther King Jr.. These leaders were leaders because they
               didn't want to be history they wanted to be the future.

              The appointing of a president should be the appointing of a leader whose number one
              objective is to inform the United States of America correctly. Civilocity will insure that
              the people are not misled. It will make sure the intelligence is in the peoples hands.
              Democracy means the people rule, not the government rules. The government is separating
              itself from the people and the cover ups and secrets turn into scandals that affect the
              entire nation. The presidents role is to inform the citizens with all the issues, both
              small and large, and conclude the best solution that will be in the peoples best interest.
              Every four years we appoint a president who is the leader in the time of war. We give the
              power to him or her to protect us with the resources of the military. If we declare war on
              a nation the president has the say but the people must know what they are fighting for,
              against who, and why. This, in turn, will create an outlook on the world where if we go to
              war with a nation they

              sure will know what we are doing and where we are going to attack. This will be the
              ultimate psychological advantage of the president because it alone will bring fear and
              dread to all the enemies. The best part about Civilocity is it will have the people
              informed and backing the leader of the nation because the people will have the information
              and an idea of what's going on and why.

              in Education the greatest scholars of the past have been taught by the most distinguished
              teachers of their time. Today, the people can increase their knowledge through means of
              internet access . This in turn allows people a chance to shape their own train of thought
              and set out for an individual's unique destiny. To address the importance of an education
              and the continuation of an education, beyond the schooling system and university setting,
              is important for individuals to think independently and discuss the matters in group
              settings. The media and entertainment are the teachers of the broad scope of information
              which the public chooses to watch. An education system is only as good as the students
              interest. A teacher can be someone you do not like but you can grasp certain knowledge
              from which, in turn increases a person's mental stability. When people enforce Civilocity
              the president would be the fundamental teacher that informs the students, the population
              on how to lead. It will b

              e the fundamental teacher because the leader will be watching the country and the country
              will be watching the leader. Through the means of necessity and self improvement a
              person's search for a topic and a job of interest will continue until satisfied. The
              challenge that my generation, the conventional generation, faces is deciphering through
              what we are told, what is really true, and what is false. The information the public are
              blinded from hearing is not beneficial to the people. The free education system is the
              basic knowledge we hope that people will grasp and benefit from. The intelligence that is
              gained through means of the system varies from county to county based on location. Schools
              that are in the inner cities and small southern towns are not receiving the same
              information that other schools receive. Students learn more from their surroundings than
              in school. Some students from the inner city attend schools with bars on the windows. I
                                                            10




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               can only imagine how the students feel



               The teachers in this country are the ones we should want to be the brightest leaders
               informing the children basic lessons like how to build a website. This basic lesson all
               students should know how to do by the time they graduate elementary school. We need
               teachers who teach the students how to spell "there" in different ways and "to" in
               different manners. We need teachers who make more money. In a democracy if the majority of
               the country doesn't vote does that mean we don't believe in a democracy? In the year 2000
               not even half of the citizens voted in the election for president. The most important
               thing a person can do is vote.

               Language is the biggest barrier between people. It is the communication that lacks
               understanding of others practices. It is one thing if you can speak many languages but
               what's the point of language if you cant communicate properly. Some of the most
               intelligent people of our times have wasted away because of their false sense of
               superiority and end up working a job that doesn't utilize their skills. it can also
               utilize there skills for the wrong reasons and become corrupt with an ideology that
               doesn't benefit anyone other than themselves. Civilocity is the one form of government
               that will allow people to stop corruption. There will be the entire population watching
               the president' s actions.

              The president would be the chief philosopher instructing new ideas that would fit the
              changing times. Language unites people and that is evident in the alliances countries have
              with one another that are generally closer between nations that speak the same language.
              After language the major unification is beliefs. After beliefs the major unification is
              race. After race the major unification is materials. These are the structures of behavior
              on the most primitive Pyramid of Unification; Language, Beliefs, Race, and Materials. An
              example would be having dinner with a person who speaks a different language. The
              discussion concerning topics of interest is not possible. From that the smallest problem
              that arises a person wouldn't be able to be communicated properly. A solution would be to
              have a narrator or a common language that is understood by both parties. The loss of
              communication that exist today, amounts to corruption seeking alternative means to handle
              various situations. The best t

              hing people can do is to talk face to face concerning a topic of interest instead of
              finding alternative means to gather information. Even the CIA will state that the amount
              of information they have is not one hundred percent correct. Language, in a Civilocity
              form of society, will allow the people a better understanding of who the leader is, what
              the leader is doing after being appointed, and how the leader is handling the people. As a
              human, I would want to know what the president is doing at all times and who the president
              is speaking with regarding how my life and other peoples life are lead. Civilocity will
              accomplish that task. Language and communication is the highest form on the pyramid of
              unification.

              My idea is a philosophy of peoples rule. A democratic process allowing a fourth check and
              balance, Civilocity. Philosophy is the study of study. The founder of western philosophy,
              Socrates, suggested, through the words of Plato, the need to have a world run by
              philosophers. Civilocity, would allow a government to implement its decisions with the
              public knowing what is going on today. The voters will be able to see who they voted for
              to lead them, on public television. This will bring forth a philosophy that will be taught
              by the president and ruled by the people. In this day and age the president can implement
              for his or her self the dominion of the country conducting it in an unjust fashion.
              Philosophy is incremental in dealing with new issues that arise.



              A president must conduct himself or herself as a leader who utilizes the resources he or
              she has and allows the people to know his or her philosophy through the means of utilizing
              technology. Civilocity will allow that to happen. Civilocity is a philosophy that retains
              the power for the people by seeing and hearing exactly what is going on. The change that
              occurs will be that a president will not only be the chief in command but the chief
              teacher. The government will become a disciplinary and the country and the world the
              students. If the teacher gets out of line the teacher must be replaced by the students,
              the people. In accordance with the primary responsibility of the people, the government
              must remain in position of instructions based on facts and not presumptions. If a
                                                            11




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012013
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               presumption occurs , the false information will not be the devastation , rather it will come
               from the best and bravest of our country , the soldiers . The philosophy of a soldier is to
               follow orders. The philosophy of

                a leader is to implement decisions based on morals, interest of the people, and fact. we
               must implement the progressing technology to maintain a larger role in government so it
               will benefit the people . Today, with the changing technology and transportation used for a
               weapon of mass destruction the affects of going into a war , based on the fact that a
               nation has weapons of mass destruction , is preposterous . We have the best military in the
               world. After being attacked we must defend . To fight an idea will devastate the men and
               women who use force to accomplish that task . in order to fight an idea you must win their
               minds, win their hearts, and win their people . The time to fight with force is when people
               are oppressed and that alone is a reason to invade a country. Today, we are fighting a war
               in Iraq that could have been dealt with differently. If the president announced that we
               would be fighting to free oppressed people , the support of the war will be far greater
               then it is today. We

                got attacked by a plane and then we were!

                told that they have weapons of mass destruction . Those planes were the single worst
               weapon of mass destruction this nation has ever experienced . Every nation has weapons of
               mass destruction . Should we invade every nation with a plane?

              Men and women were not even able to draw an accurate map until the last 50 years of
              mankind with the introduction of satellites . When we want a map to navigate with we do not
              grab a map from the 1700 ' s or even the 1800's . We would want to have the most updated map
              as possible concerning the topic of interest in which we are pursuing . It is the same with
              government . A map of the world was once a dream and now a reality.

              In this day and age the leaders would turn down the cure for cancer because it would hurt
              the economy . Civilocity would allow the people to see if the president is making a higher
              percentage of income then the GDP ( Gross Domestic Product). The people don't want the
              countries GDP to maintain between two percent and four percent while the president is
              increasing his or her circles economic growth over four percent . The presidents circle has
              been increasingl;y international rather than domestic . Countries that are not even a
              democracy have been providing oil and increasing their economic growth more then the
              population of the people who voted that person into power because of supply and demand.

              About a trillion dollars is being spent in the war in Iraq. If a trillion dollars went
              into building a renewable power station in America our dependency on foreign oil would
              shrink saving American lives . The United States of America has had a history of moving
              from country to country in the middle east in search for control of the oil as a power
              source . This has cost us over a trillion dollars that if spent more wisely on a massive
              domestic energy source the Americans money , for energy , would not be allocated out of the
              country. This will begin to grow the GDP by keeping the funds in America.

              Economy has been changing at rapid paces since the industrial revolution . This has been
              caused from the availability of cars , televisions , the internet , and the phone. It is
              similar to cigarettes . The effects are devastating and the benefits are amazing. The
              increase in business and products that are now available can make anything into a suitable
              interest from cars to T-shirts. We desire instant gratification . We are the founders of
              fast food and we can clearly see how well that is affecting the economy not only in the
              country but around the world. Economy is the force that will unite countries based on the
              lowest level on the pyramid of unification, materials. The need to share materials and
              generate something for personal gain will allow leaders in different countries , who have
              different languages , worship different beliefs, and contain different races , a chance to
              communicate through the desire of a certain material . To make that material accessible
              will bring out our more civiliz

              ed nature and we can have a chance to communicate through words the needs of any sect of
              people around the world. Economy is the strength of our country and that is visible though
              our proverbs.

              The nations in the third world have the greatest potential for a labor force that can be
              taught to make products which would be useful around the world. The third world needs our
              money so they can have running water . In America we need our money to create our own
              energy to power this monster country. The superior services are the reason we stand apart
                                                             12




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0012014
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              from the world. The utilization and organization that needs to be implemented to make the
              standard of living stronger in foreign countries is a must so that other nations don't get
              that bitter jealousy from the excess and consumption of the American people. Terrorist's
              who oppose the philosophy of the American economy seek means to destroy the fundamentals
              of our beliefs. How can we have one leader spending hundreds of billions on a war where
              the progress is not clearly visible to the tax payers? I am tired of sitting back and not
              addressing the issues that my generation faces.

              It is conservative leaders that continue usurping for themselves the dominion of this free
              country. if we the people, who appoint the leaders, spent our money more wisely we could
              really improve Medicare, Medicade, Social Security, and a growing debt. The economy is
              important to pay government officials such as firemen and cops higher rates.

              Evolution has been seen in all forms of life because of our mission to adapt to the
              changing climate. Through technology our advances have come at a cost to the environment
              that is irreplaceable. Extraordinary concepts of evolution must continue to push the
              evolution of mankind in order to get out of the conventional generation. We cannot
              maintain leaders undermining scientific improvements that have potential to improve the
              standard of living. Believing the flimflammed information that evolution is a myth is
              imprudent. The evolution that we are partaking in is only extrapolating the amount of
              gases that goes through the atmosphere and chemicals that are polluting the skies and
              flooding the rivers. We as people will continue to adapt to the cause and effect that we
              are witnessing in the environment. Evolution occurs in everything. Our impact will shape
              the process of how we evolve. A soldier evolves with the technology available and the
              culture evolves with its leaders decisions.

              Civilocity will evolve democracy. In order to control the evolution which is imminent we
              must understand that we as people are evolving. As humans our brain is the fastest
              evolving aspect of our lives. The information we receive is allowing us to evolve into a
              more intelligent creature by the knowledge we grasp . We generally evolve according to what
              is in our personal best interest of survival. In this day and age , money is the material
              that allows us to buy food and receive the best information. The actions we are setting
              forth on the environment is rapidly shaping a new planet. The environment is exposed to
              different toxins and new levels of toxins that have not been witnessed by past
              generations . Today we are in the process of documenting evolution. We are documenting our
              effects on the environment and we are able to document how this nation is run while it is
              run. We cannot build to destroy. Evolution has created a society that has climbed to such
              heights and will climb to higher

              heights to analyze our actions on the environment. We can make a difference by addressing
              the issues before it is to late and foster a new generation that doesn't have pollution in
              the pictures of our city skylines. I believe that it is a persons personal choice of what
              goes into a person 's body and the world's choice of what goes into the atmosphere.

              Migration has lead people out of Africa to all regions of the circular world. The
              migration began to shape different peoples appearances based on their environment and
              surroundings. The different migration routes set different people with new obstacles that
              forced them to adapt for survival purposes. The growing populations set up civilizations
              that would become the first cities of the world.

              Before Pharaoh Menes unified lower and upper Egypt, Mesopotamia was the first civilization
              of progression, language, and insight. This was mainly due to its location and the amount
              of different people that crossed its migration path. This has caused written language to
              come into existence within the last ten thousand years. Migration refers to moving from
              one point to another. The migration moving to a point in democracy where a fourth check
              and balance is imposed on the government will maintain the definition of democracy where
              the people rule. The president must allow the people to witness how he or she is
              implementing policy. If the approval rating is under fifty percent clearly the people are
              not ruling. A migration needs to occur and allow the people to witness the actions that
              affect the people by the president. There are too many cover ups and too many corrupt
              leaders that have control. Corruption will not stop until the people retain power over the
              presidents actions. The migr

              ation will begin to progress when Civilocity is put into practice by the calling of the
              people. We as people have come a far way since the time of Socrates and his views on the
              world which today are still being enforced in western philosophy. The perfect leader would
              be a teacher who the majority of the population listens to and follows. A leader must make
                                                            13




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0012015
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               the people around him stronger. A leader must build higher and set new standards for
               others to follow. A good leader will understand history and keep history in his pocket and
               the future under his shoe.

               Technology is the reason Civilocity would strengthen the public. The amount of hidden
               cameras that are present on the streets, in stores, and in our daily lives must be turned
               around and allow the people to watch the government. The people want a leader with nothing
               to hide. The farmer from Texas who works from sun rise till sunset wants a chance to have
               a say in governmental policies beyond voting once every four years. The people want the
               mother of two kids who lives in New Hampshire and works two jobs a chance to have a say in
               governmental policies beyond voting once every four years. The people want to be informed
               of the secret meetings the president conducts and the reasons the president is such good
               friends with nations that are not a democracy. We want to know what the president is doing
               that is upsetting so many people or pleasing the public.

              The next great civilization will be based on the philosophy of Civilocity. A vision for
              all people to see how a leader leads. Our youth is retaining information exceeding any
              previous generation. We must continue to foster that development. As the rate of
              information increases , younger citizens must be able to partake in the governmental
              process . This could happen if a voting age was reduced from 18 to 16. The youths who are
              informed far more than at any other time would be able to take part in the decision making
              and vote.

              Love is the reason we chose to live where we live. We believe in the progressiveness of
              the country, the laws, and the freedoms we hold. We want the best. We want to be
              appreciated because of our actions . We want to make changes at all levels of society. Any
              person is capable of making changes at all levels of society. Passion is the one thing
              that is innate concerning human nature. Quite simply really, how the abolishment of
              corruption, secret meetings, and misinformed citizens would be, if Civilocity is imposed.
              The people would benefit from being informed to the highest degree. To be is simple and to
              love a country is only known from the first sip of water. Shall it replenish the spirit or
              nauseate the stomach?




              Miracle




              A wise man once asked a poor boy

              If the poor boy could show him a miracle

              The boy responded asking the wise man to close his eyes

              He then told the wise man that there was a flash of color

              The poor boy asked the wise man to tell him what color he saw

              The wise man responded with I saw a flash of white

              The poor boy asked the wise man to open his eyes

              The wise man opened them looking puzzled

              The poor boy immediately asked the wise man to close his eyes

              This time tell me what color do you see

                                                            14




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012016
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The wise man responded with I see black

              The poor boy responded to the wise man

              See I can make you see while your eyes are closed



                                                                                                     I


              Dear Mayor Nutter,



                     I have been very bipartisan in my approach to many progressive views .   As a mayor,
              I see you grabbing the forbidden and challenging society to create an equilibrium. My
              first letter to you will be addressed on the issue of homosexuality. I am not discussing
              derogatory words because I think they should be accepted just like civil unions in the
              city of Philadelphia .  This is where the Declaration of independence was signed. "To be
              or not to be is not the question " William Shakespeare.  To be equal or not to be is. You
              have four years to reshape America , not just Philadelphia.   You will feel peer pressure
              nibbling at your sides and your decisions will create many nights in a deep dark thought
              of personal morals verse mainstream ideas .  Civil Unions will revitalize this city.
              Notoriously , many defied but few have the knowledge that the

              pen can decide.

                     I am assuming a role as an advisor, like it or not .  You must take the free words
              you want and leave the rest behind .  But, as you look back on your four year term,
              wouldn't it be great to change the time . A chance you have, don ' t waste a second. Do not
              shun what you do not know , it might be an apple and the seeds will be for you to grow.

                     You can transform this city into a picture your heart desires .  Ominous , to rule
              with iron , you can build or destroy ? Undo the negativity and bring forth a changing
              creativity.



              Sensereally,

              Nathaniel Wenger




              Royalty

              The world still has queens and kings

              You shall address me

              All you queens and all you kings

              As your royalty

              All the people shall call me

              Nathaniel




                                                             15




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0012017
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              i

              I think often and will tell you why we all started smaller then a dot on an i

              I once spoke

              To the leaders of the world

              Telling them two and two wasn't four

              I told them, that grass wasn 't always green

              And I told them

              That I could sing

              I once spoke

              To the leaders of the world

              Telling them that I could prove everything

              I told them, that two plus two is four

              I told them, grass needs water to be green,

              And I told them

              That I wanted to sing

              I once talked

              To the leaders of the world

              Telling them I didn't know anything

              I told them, two two was the sound of a train

              I told them, that grass was always green

              And I told them

              That even you could sing

              I once talked

              To the leaders of the world

              For the first time they listened to me

              They finally knew what to do

              It wasn't because of a word that I could sing

              But it was because

              I sung to you




              Umbrellas

              Umbrellas sticking out like poets indoors

                                                               16




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0012018
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Spreading open to cover the rain

              Nonchalantly sipping tea

              Eating lemon cookies Breaking mirrors to see clearly

              As the bed sits atop a loft

              With a ladder leading up

              Walking around the ladder once before bed

              Then writing a poem for a poet

              Another poet already dead

              inserting a penny heads down under my pillow

              So I don ' t have to agonize about others picking it up

              Mornings rousing up

              Putting my shoes on a horse

              I heard it was good luck

              I had to pay a rich man a buck for that course

              Knocking on wood these days

              Wood refers to a point in the pants

              My bed is swathed with hats and I sprinkle salt on the floor

              In case it rains indoors

              it might turn to ice I think

              I scream bloody Mary

              And always rabbit on the Isle of Portland

              My leg stays shaking

              Biting my nails at night

              When I see a mocking bird

              It always mocks me

              So I have to mock it

              I eat with my chopsticks upside down

              In this mixed up

              Philly town

              My Ouija board tells me

              What ' s going to happen tomorrow

              I love yelling

              Macbeth

              Whilst stalking Macbeth
                                                               17
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              And good luck

              is so much nicer then break a leg

              They always counter with thank you

              I'm sailing off to see

              This Friday the 13th I ' m a sailor in my dreams

              Always draped in blue

              Grabbing a woman

              Pulling her aboard although

              She's dreadfully clothed

              And most importantly

              I constantly walk on the cracks

              Someone has to fill in the holes

              The whole story that is




              Charlie




              My grandfathers name

              There is no other man like him

              He taught me morals

              And always try not to sin

              He has been to mountains

              And he built me real high

              He gave me confidence

              Because he's a good guy

              He is sturdy on his feet

              And swept my grandmother off hers

              Head strong always taking care of the young

              Charlie is his name

              A true man

              And since I am human

              I was told we landed on the moon

                                                              18
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              So all the land includes the moon

              I will reach for the moon

              For my grandpa Charlie told me I can

              And from the top to the bottom of my heart

              I love that man

              Hes the best doctor

              He likes my girls but he says

              My wife is hotter

              And yes grandma

              You sure drive the boys crazy

              Charlie is my role model

              A wife

              A nice house

              A family

              That' s what a man is

              Food on the table

              Education

              And now this is my poem

              The best of all my poems

              Cause its about my grandpa

              Charlie is his name

              He believes in peace

              Respect others alike

              He told me

              If you don't have anything good to say

              Don't say anything at all

              And leave the place better then you found it

              He's a good guy

              He told me I will make it

              Only if I try

              My grandfather

              Charlie

              I love that guy


                                                             19
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  - ray - me - fa - So - la - to - do




              How long the sun hides from the path

              What calls for who am I to this

              Or what I am to that

              Does it linger through the abyss

              A chance that follows me from shade

              The clouds roll by gliding a blatant sha-do

              Across the path across the night

              Eyeing the ray of wanting light

              How current the wind chases

              Taking me past fa library

              So if it is it ought to be

              And the music continues la faint melody

              Coming to terms with so sigh it tea

              Sitting by the win-do

              The dreams that fall with the rain

              That quenches my heart down to my toe

              How comes it offers opportunity

              Waiting for such a harmony

              For everything to be perfect

              0 it will be tomorrow




              Galaxies seem like chocolate

              Milky ways with caramel

              Universes we can cover with a thumb

              As earth is merely a parallel




                                                              20
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The American Shelf



              I wish a girl would buy me

              Is our dream to be a product set on stage

              Maybe its just an open American shelf

              Racing through myself to throw a pass and win the super bowl

              Play the comb of my hair as I looked at the camera

              I knew I could do it all

              Maybe its just an open American shelf

              A shelf with poets and scholars of the times

              I could find a place next to Whitman

              and follow him with some rhymes

              I knew I could do it all

              I wish a girl would buy me

              Or at least give me a call

              484 571 4411




              The Cave

              Run away you scholared freaks

              Adhering to the weakest links

              Thou shall only try to honorably think

              Why we cant see when you blindly blink

              Vanished from the city hazed

              It is me who learns to slow

              The school was full of all to know

              And I am left in retentive days

              Dragons full of fire breathing dreams

              Dreamers full of imaginative seems

              Why is it that we are left so still

              A question asked is hard to reel

              Holler yes I am the creator of the father of G-d
                                                           21
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              I created him with a pen and some ink

              For G-d is a she so beautiful virgin and pink

              Look hear 0 mighty G - d here is the holy rod

              Those shadows dance on the walls

              Locked am I guessing there calls

              For I see only animal shapes

              Bats changing to purple grapes

              Where to is my time o sun

              Blinded like hell bearers from heaven

              Touching the shadows naked and slum

              As locked am I growing comfortably numb

              0 son of mine you must free

              Let loose and voices let it be

              Now prayers once prayed with a squawking scream

              Let alone it left my wandering dream

              The shadows are not believed only misunderstood

              My neck yearns for human touch

              Behold such freedom where art thou such

              To make a life from bad to good



              Pensylvania




              Aloud the bells ring open handily

              Chimes feathering like ash from a fire

              Blazing through skyward winds

              Inhabiting gardens atop the volcanoes

              Below lay hidden those liberty bells

              Chiming through miraculous streets

              Twisting waves with helixes dancing

              As liberty stores hidden feats




                                                               22
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Trunks and Asses

              A

              The World of Elephants and Donkeys

              Republicans and Democrats

              16 pgs . 620 lines

              30 years to complete 19 weeks into it

              1

              1 Gun inside the world of love from here to very more.

              2 Such human touch the foot to watch,

              3 The golden key shall assure.

              4 Dreams with fire chasing onward shadows

              5 Gardens full, of forbidden fruit.

              6 Whilst, nightmares ice the passing sun,

              8 The world of bad to good.

              13 Thus, creatures emerge dancing on toes

              14 Such, virgins penetrate the humans birth.

              15 Whereto, the seventh day gave power,

              16 To such, trunks and asses , mindless worth.

              1 How reds and blues seem to exist,

              2 Nonsense from the media portrayed.

              3 Shall lexis scribe the woman whom laid

              4 From art of which dismissed.

              5 Voices thus echo upon the breast

              6 The war of time today.

              8 Forever more the gun and fist

              9 Tomorrow, shall only stay!

              1 Upon the wing Keter will enter

              2 Flying from the sky above.

              3 From the family of Eve

              4 He will change, a man into a dove.

              1 How Moses sits inside the cross

              2 Essenes dancing, by the Galilee.
                                                               23
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              3 The Catholic priest of all to pray

              4 "Behold_. Keter, guiding the blind to seea!"

              11 Within a year the crown shall sit.

              12 A chance only to make.

              13 Shall Keter fit

              14 Or create , a world believing a fake.

              5 The people will choose to capture and divide

              6 Royalties from the rivers Nile

              7 Never understanding the royal inside,

              8 The freedom of the wild .

              9 Hence the opportunity that will distinguish the rest,

              10 To comprehend , such a moral test!

              11 To capture or release will decide Hebron.

              12 For the rest of the world,

              13 The storm is more powerful then the gun.

             2

             1 The time will start,

             2 Where a child shall be born,

             3 With wings and no beating heart.

             4 A crown shall be placed above the skull

             5 As only the dead will mourn,

             6 Such a mourn , for the living soul.

             0 The blood will run, filling the hills

             1 Bringing alive the vanished and deceased.

             2 How trunks and asses will surely watch

             3 Rivers screaming purely to feast.

             9 Raunchy screens scream to deceive,

             10 How wrong is spoken utterly clear.

             11 Before one is , to try to breathe,

             12 The birth of what is fear.

             6 The parties unite such trunks and asses

             7 One ambivalent noise.

             8 The Tigris and Euphrates to erupt.

                                                               24
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              9 Terrorizing , till all is destroyed.

              4 Protruding in the depths, the man sticks out,

              5 From the woman by his side.

              6 Keter flies above the tide,

              7 Restlessly , without a single shout.

              18 Last it seems to expel such tense,

              17 Knowledge from the day.

              16 Wherefrom the common sense,

              15 The path few go astray.

              14 Touching gingerly Hebron ' s dust.

              15 Golden dawn shall only bring,

              16 Angelic love from Keters just

              17 Upon the Keter with a wing

              1 Helixes marvel deep inside

              2 Such structures imbedded within.

              3 To confront the world which hath died

              4 From trunks and asses political sin.

              6 Atop, the couple site sheltered in a tree,

              7 Forgetting the world of time today.

              8 Passing and failing from love to lust,

              9 The predators and the pray.

              3

              11 Zion erects true to the bone

              12 Nibbling as the parasites begin to treat

              13 Compelling a fear which thou hast shown

              14 As the oceans melt from global heat

              1 Thou chic witty and gorgeous,

              1 Skin as soft as snow.

              1 The land flowing with honey,

              1 For the knowledge tree to grow.

              1 Hence , the beauty where others can see.

              1 Afoundation flourishing from an atom.

              1 where neurons dance along the string.

              1 Setting a land for Keter's kingdom.
                                                                 25
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              1 Such is the wisdom, from law to justice,

              1 The loving kindness, and the freedom.

              1 Dominating the majestic land to victory.

              1 Understanding, the pith of the mighty.

              1 The splendor that will exhibit the portrait.

              1 With star bright skies through the twinkling oceans.

              1 Flapping the wings Keter knows this.

              1 The winds of changing motions

              1 Keter soaring through the sky which was woven.

              2 Passing the clouds which hath been pouring

              3 Unbeknownst,    the cries shall open.

              4 And, befell the anger which came storming.

              5 Vista, hath been seen from the mountain.

              6 True allies, whom meet in rivers center halls.

              7 Critical independence breeds cities and

              8 Strength comes from the hands not jaws.

              18 Above reckless undiscovered in use

              22 with sun's rays masquerading from fates decline

              23 Thy soft mind ever twinkling to fuse

              16 How souls release the ever growing time

              24 Hath a love be written upon the canvas

              10 Stories passed through the ailing ear

              9 Through spirits of the lusting mantis

              8 For the faiths to listen and hear

              4

              8 organisms shiver caught on a string

              7 Hallways to be tracked upon

              6 Tis of thee to be worried

              4 The storm is more powerful then the gun

              An oasis to be seen from afar

              A destiny Keter shall choose

              Flying to save the couple

              Or enjoying the heights of amuse

                                                               26
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Flapping to die I warn thee

              Such echoes bounce from thy calls

              How torture changes among thee

              Trapped within thy crumbing walls

              Vertically swooping upon the leaf ?????????????????????????

              Grabbing a branch for the couple to swing

              Lifting them from the world of grief

              The world is merely a ring

              9 Trunks and asses seem to enjoy

              2 Obstructions stored beneath her ground

              Whilst decisions surely employ

              The search for Keter is found

              5

              Wars echo upon the mountains hills

              Chiming through haunted streams

              Loves heart waits in peril

              Racing to save the elites

              what worth is a single life?

              The couple is merely two

              For the sons and daughters

              Are more then three

              And then there was you

              Remember dear Keter my letter

              The bullet taken for the unknown

              Choosing to save a single life

              And ending the saviors own

              Disperse and heal you cannot die

              It was never meant to be

              The trunks and asses surely scream.

              Why can Keter only see?

              Lifting skywards winds far behind

              Silhouettes are only dark holes

              Desire the eyes to see everything

              And kill all who see lost souls
                                                               27
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Isolated stars twinkle songs

              Sending harps heavenly prayer

              Let alone let it be

              How few have learned how to share ????????????

              Last it seems the savior whom died

              With eight levels of life and ten of kabbalah

              Rest tonight as angels follow

              You were the one whom cried out to Allah

              Iive for what is after

              Love has the power of more then a word

              To confront the inevitable disaster

              Takes more then being heard

              Keter the crown of the world

              Healer of even oneself

              Evolve the ages

              Free the prisoners of hell

              Rulers have never lasted

              History can always change

              The future is yet to be written

              Upon a new page

              6

              Tomorrow shall see the sun

              And tonight the moon will see all

              Today, the waits lingers through the trees,

              Grass harnessing the fertile land .

              Above the path we choose to freeze.

              One last chance at love in hand.

              Has love ever saved an angel?

              Dripped from the passion of the heart

              Keter choose the night to wrestle

              As dreams flow through the dark

              Wrestling with a bullet deep inside

              Apart gone from the earth

                                                               28
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              With an afterlife of dreams

              And a new birth with wings

              Elites filled sacred chambers

              Lost like scrolls hidden in foreign soil

              Trunks and asses screaming with anger

              When the day came they weren't loyal

              Keter now knows all

              The gene merely sprouted wings

              With seeds planted before the bullet

              Sowing the valley of the kings




              102410



              Is there a clown over here that couldn't cut the rain

              The children are playing

              The song is aiming for fame

              Money is the pockets favorite friend

              Green is only for the livestock and when

              All the rain is caught on a string

              You will wonder how much a song cost

              To sit back and sing



              The Oceans Jungle

              The white whale sits in hell

              The sharks walk the stairway to heaven

              Ripping apart the stairs on the ladder

              Sipping from the holy grail

              With a punch from the tide

              Waters crash hissing at the black bones

              Parasites scavenging the oceans treat

              Whipping their tails they lunge

              Above the depth lie us

              Alarming bells echo in the land
                                                              29
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Elephants spreading their ears listening

              Stripping the bark till death

              Inside the white dirt lay

              Insects nourishing the hungry man

              Yet only the man

              Can write words

              Of adventures from within

              Above nesting bald eagles fly

              Soaring from the ground feeding on the stream

              Meeting airs rusted worth

              Changing seasons

              Giving life to the trees

              Planting the seeds

              With the purple wolfs pride

              The sacred cross

              Lifts the Os unto

              The Ns and the grass begins to grow

              On top of the canopy

              Creating a new level

              For the purple wolfs pride

              The sharks sit atop the canopy of the jungle

              Swimming in water they try

              The ground is flourishing with color

              While the canopy is naturally dry

              The marvelous escapades triumph

              Forthwith a Bengal tiger

              With stripes of colors

              Filling the hills with art

              Portraits representing endless

              Superiors in derivative emotions

              Nodding towards the same

              Stature of pose

              Alone not a word not a sound

                                                               30
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Compelled by the silence of the paper

              Reading the passion in peace

              The eyes of the picture

              Losing yourself in the shallow depth

              With colors stretching boundlessly

              Letter by letter composing

              The art of the pumas eyes



              North and South

              North by south a mad man gets in power and drops a bomb on the north and south pole
              simultaneously and the after effects

              Movie

              A summit of the most serious matter is taking place today in Australia . The leaders of the
              G8 have all come together to discuss the issue of Iraq which has become a serious issues
              because there leader gained access to multiple nuclear weapons . In Iraq the American
              soldiers find that they are fighting a battle which is increasing in power . A US soldier
              named Rostam meets a girl named Lif who comes from an influential Iraqi family and finds
              out that Iraq is preparing to drop a couple bombs on two undisclosed spots . The soldier
              relays the information to his captain and maintains the relationship with the girl, he
              loves her. At the summit the G8 leaders discuss the possible attack destinations and
              concluded that it was Washington D.C., New York City, or London. The Iraqi family found
              out that there daughter told the American. Rostam and Lif ran off together because there
              love was to strong . There are three stories which include ; the Iraqi party preparing the
              bomb. The G8 leaders trying to

               figure out where and how to stop it. And the soldier and the Iraqi girl falling in love.
              The movie ends with two nuclear explosions in the North and South Pole.

              The sequel includes the effects that the bombs have on the entire world and the couple
              fights for survival in the changing planet.




              Nate the Great




              Raised Jewish and then I got lost in Native America

              Found a gypsy on my way to Brooklyn

              Saw how corrupt homosexuals were in Philly

              And in Washington DC they just talked about me

              Changed the definition of evolution in my book

              It's the process of natural change

              Not some biological theory

              I realized the omnificence was merely the starting point
                                                          31




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0012033
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Was the kid you just didn't know about

              Until I wrote a poem all about

              What I am in the world

              Jupiter Zeus the sun the God the child who fell in love with a frog

              I thought it would turn into a princess and then I read the story

              And it was really a prince

              But I saw my reflection so it must have worked

              I am the author of the Jewish Mafia

              A Jew in the states

              Now you shall address me as

              Nate the Great




              The Band of the Waves



              Most serious of matters for such unconscious men

              Deciphering materials with a feather for a pen

              Treading water swimming to the shore

              O I see it how I longed for it before

              Walking the waves listening to its band

              Reaching foot by foot unto the wailing sand

              Falling back looking up at the sun

              To see an angel they called her nun

              Mouth to mouth on the edge of the world

              Dressed in proper and her hair was curled

              Come fishing with me was all she said

              I'll show you what real men do with this lead

              She taught me a book that was made before my time

              She said for a poet you would appreciate its rhyme

              Simply the words sunk into my heart

              As I listened to her voice until the night got dark

              The leaders she explained don't go to war

              The are protected like there blood was pure

                                                               32
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sitting at desks with those frail legs in chairs

              Entreating for peace in those solemnly prayers

              I gently asked if that would be me one day

              She said if you are wise you will lead the right way

              Prophesying a new order in my futures eye

              Announcing a penny will surely equal a dime

              Its up to you to stop whats ahead

              Remember young man you must write with your lead

              I looked at the journey I just came from

              Listening to the band of the waves as they softly sung




              Dear Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and President Mahmoud Abbas,




              There will be peace in my lifetime. I suggest a new idea. I suggest a three country
              solution in the middle east.

              The west bank a democratic country of its own where any people can come and live in peace.
              The west bank will be called Canaan. Canaan will have its own democracy and it's own army
              based on both Palestinians and Israelis.

              Palestine will be its own country for Palestinians in what is today called the Gaza Strip.

              Israel will be its own country for the Jewish faith in Israel. All borders will be based
              on olive trees and fences along the 1967 borders. but you must be able to see the tops of
              the olive trees above the fences from Israel looking into the Palestine and the tops of
              the olive trees above the fences from Palestine looking into Israel. The same will be in
              Canaan. You will be able to see the tops of the olive trees above the fences from Israel
              looking into the Canaan and the tops of the olive trees above the fences from Canaan
              looking into Israel. We must remember we are all brothers.

              Love,

              Nathaniel Wenger



              128 S. 11th St.

              Philadelphia, PA 19107

               484    571-4411

              Nate4u2rite@yahoo.com




              http://www.nathanielwenger.com




                                                             33




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0012035
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              nate4u2rite@yahoo.com




                                                          34




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012036
