Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From :     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOL BERG]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, February 13, 2008 2:29 PM
                  To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: Update

                Dear Governor Palin,

                   1. When the State lost the Parental Consent case we also became responsible for an attorney fee to the
                        prevailing parties . The legal fees that court will direct us . pay to the prevailing party in the Parental Consent
                        litigation will be near $700,000.00. This will be formally established shortly and then be forwarded to the
                        legislature as a supplemental request
                   2. Sen. Ted Stevens is scheduled to be the Lincoln Day speaker in Juneau at the Baranov on the 19th
                   3. Monday Sen. Dyson came to visit me and vented for a while about "separation of powers " and who should
                        he go to if I won't make his colleagues follow their own laws . I have pulled up the old files and he
                        apparently has had similar conversations with AG's Renkes and Marquez.
                               He floated across several topics and then out of the blue expressed regret that my dept . had not hired
                    Kevin Clarkson . Perhaps by coincidence that same afternoon Clarkson sent me an email asking why we had
                    not hired someone name Fred Valdez. Then Tuesday morning former Lt Gov. Loren Lehman sent an email
                    enquiring if I could explain why we had not hired Fred Valdez and asking me to call so he could vouch for the
                    fellow. I only mention this for two reasons : First, the Daily News noted that Clarkson is to be one of their new
                    columnists. Second, Clarkson and Lehman are prominent gnough in political circles that I just wanted you to
                    be aware of their sudden interest in who we should hire. From what I have been able to determine Mr.
                    Valdez was interviewed and not selected . Both Clarkson and Lehman have stated in their emails that the
                    position he applied for remained vacant and advertised for several weeks if not months after he was not
                    hired. The impression they leave is that he was the only applicant and rather than being selected the post
                    remained empty. In fact the position was filled and the same type of position was later available after that and
                    also filled by another applicant. The position has not remained empty.
                                My plan in this is as follows:
                                         I To the degree I respond to Clarkson or Lehman I plan to say little more than I cannot
                discuss personnel issues with them.
                                         II I said nothing to Dyson when he brought it up and he moved on to his next topic at the
                time.

                          I only mention this because three fairly active political people seem to have taken a collective interest in
                this in the last couple of days.

                    Talis




                8/24/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0012041
