Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                                Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                  From:        Erin Barber [ebarber@wiche.edu] on behalf of David Longanedcer [DLonganeckerrwiche.edu]
                  Sent:        Friday, February 15, 2008 2:03 PM
                  To:          Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                   Cc:      Barrens; Diane M (ACPE); Lois & Marshall Lind; patheller@gci.net; Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: College Access Challenge Grant Program
                  I                                                                  I

                 February 15, 2008

                 Governor Sarah Palin
                 State of Alaska
                 P.O. Box 110001
                 Juneau , AK 99811-0001

                 Dear Governor Patin:

                 Last week, you received a letter from the assistant secretary of the U.S. Department of Education 's Office
                 of Postsecondary Education , Diane Auer Jones , announcing the College Access Challenge Grant
                 (CACG) Program . CACG is a new formula-grant program designed to foster partnerships among federal,
                 state, and local governments and philanthropic organizations through matching challenge grants that are
                 aimed at Increasing the number of low-income students who are prepared to enter and succeed in
                 postsecondary education.

                 CACG funds will be awarded to states based on a statutory formula that is determined by the number of
                 people living below the poverty level (enclosed is a tentative allocation table for your reference ). For FY
                 2008, the minimum award is $330,000.

                 While the final application package will not be disseminated until June 2008, the federal government is
                 encouraging states to begin their planning now. States will have approximately 45 days to apply for
                 funding as part of this grant program.

                 A regional approach is often a more effective and efficient way of tackling major issues , especially those
                 related to college preparation, access , and success. In an effort to assist states in the Western region with
                 the CACG application process and grant-management responsibilities, the Western Interstate
                 Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) is contacting its 15 member states to gauge their interest in
                 applying for funds as a consortium. Some states might be interested in a long -term arrangement, while
                 others might want to be a part of the consortium early on and eventually take over the management of the
                 grant on their own. WICHE is willing to be flexible with the specific arrangements , in order to meet each
                 state's needs.

                 WICHE has extensive experience with such arrangements . For example , for five years , WICHE and the
                 Colorado Department of Education managed and administered the federally funded Western Consortium
                 for Accelerated Learning Opportunities , in which nine Western states partnered to work to increase the
                 successful participation of low-income students in advanced placement courses and tests. As the
                 administrative agency , WICHE helped to alleviate some of the pressures of grant implementation and at
                 the same time provided states with a network of colleagues through which they could share ideas and
                 strategies for success.

                 If you are interested In being part of a College Access Challenge Grant Consortium administered by
                 WICHE or if you would like to discuss this further, please contact me at dIqnganecker wi e.edu or
                 303.541 . 0201 by Friday , March 21 , 2008 . I look forward to hearing from you.

                 Sincerely,
                  1XI



                 David A. Longanecker
                 President

                 Enclosure

                 Cc:        Dolores Mize, Vice President , Public Policy and Research
                       n Text Box: Alaska . Arizona . California. Colorado . Hawaii. Idaho . Montana . Nevada . New Mexico . North Dakota. On

                 Michelau , Senior Policy Analyst and Director of Special Projects




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012084
