Unknown
From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Monday, April 21, 2008 1:37 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 7:03 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Rochelle Van Slyke

address: 3868 Denali Avenue Ketchikan AK 99901

 907-225-5948



MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin and Family,

Congratulations on the birth of your new little Blessing, Trig!! What a Great name :)What a Great
Family!   -

  I Read in the news release that he will have some "challenges" as a mother of a child with
"challenges"

I just want you to know that he will be the "apple of your eye". He will reflect "The Best of You"! Your
whole family will be better for having their Special brother, this has probably already become a reality
to you, I bet your other children are awesome with him already! And the people you will meet, wow!
Because of our youngest daughter we have met some of the most kind, wonderful and
compassionate people in the world. Having said all of this, the biggest thing really is that Trig has
been born to such a wonderful family who will love and cherish him "just the way he is". This is his
greatest asset!! We are all pulling for you and we can't wait to see pictures!

 I wanted to send you a copy of this poem that someone gave me when our little Amy was born, I
really like it and hope you do too! Blessings to you and your family From The Van Slyke Family in
KETCHIKAN

                                                    i                                ROSTON 02179




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
HEAVEN'S VERY SPECIAL CHILD

A meeting was held quite far from Earth ! lt's time again for another birth . Said the Angels to the LORD
above , This Special Child will need much love . His progress may be very slow,Accomplishments he
may not show.And he ' ll require extra care From the folks he meets down there . He may not run or
laugh or play , His thoughts may seem quite far away,In many ways he won't adapt,And he ' ll be known
as handicapped . So let's be careful where he 's sent, We want his life to be content . Please LORD, find
the parents who Will do a special job for you . They will not realize right away The leading role they're
asked to play , But with this child sent from above Comes stronger faith and richer love. And soon
they'll know the privilege given In caring for their gift from Heaven . Their precious charge , so meek
and mild , ls HEAVEN 'S VERY SPECIAL CHILD. by Edna Massionilla December 1981

Sent from Rochelle Van Slyke- Ketchikan

ps. I was going to try and email you a picture of Amy but couldn't figure out how:)




vanslyke@kpunet.net




                                                   2                                  ROSTON 02180




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
