Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From :    Crome, Cora J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU =FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=CJCROME]
                   Sent:     Thursday, February 14, 2008 2:32 PM
                   To:       'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
                   Subject: FW: UCI BOF Mtg

                 Governor,
                 I asked Denby for a summary of actions by the board of fish at their recent meeting , which is below. We are
                 meeting tomorrow to discuss what we can do to improve the situation in the Mat-Su valley , since they are
                 unhappy with the results of the board meeting . Commercial fishermen in Cook Inlet are pleased with the results,
                 although they won't be fully satisfied. Mat-Su sport fishermen benefited by declaration of Susitna River sockeye
                 salmon as a stock of concern , but there were no further restrictions imposed on the drift net fishery as Mat-Su
                 advocates were requesting.
                 The department has reinstated the Deshka coho weir after numerous requests by Mat- Su legislators.
                 Also, the board was very pleased with the decision to have the Habitat Division moved back to ADF&G ; there was
                 even applause from the audience . We have received a flood of very positive e-mails , letters, and calls on habitat
                 as well.
                 Cora

                 From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
                 To: Crome, Cora 3 (GOV)
                 Cc: Bedford, David G (DFG); Taylor, Kenton P (DFG); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: UCI BOF Mtg

                 Cora:

                 We are near the end of the Upper Cook Inlet salmon meeting of the Board of Fisheries . The following are the
                 main actions that they have taken ( including the first four, which I reported to you yesterday):

                 1. Prohibition of personal use fishing for sockeye in the lower Kenai River (which occurs in July ) from boats
                 powered by 2-stroke engines (other than direct fuel injection engines ); this parallels action recently approved by
                 the Governor and DNR for the middle Kenai River.

                 2. Susitna River sockeye salmon have been declared a stock of yield concern , in answer to requests and
                 proposals from the Mat-Su region.

                 3. Extension of the Upper Cook Inlet eastside set gill net fishery from a previous closure date of August 10 to a
                 new closure date of August 15 , with only two regular ( 12-hour) open periods allowed during the Aug 11 -15 time
                 period.

                 4. Liberalized sport fishing retention for early Kenai River Chinook salmon (for fish 20-28 inches only).

                 5. Clarification that managing salmon fisheries in Upper Cook Inlet for the escapement goals (whichever ones are
                 applicable: biological, sustainable, optimum or inriver ) shall take priority over other elements of regulatory
                 management plans such as prescribed closed windows and limits to extra emergency order open periods.

                 6. Granting the department authority to raise or lower sport fishing bag limits for sockeye incrementally by
                 emergency order (e.g., rather than by prescribed steps , from 3 per day to either zero or 6 per day currently in the
                 regulations for Russian River in the Kenai).

                 In sum, the eastside set gill net fishermen and the drift gill net fishermen gained some of the clarity in fishery
                 management plans that they have advocated for during the past several years and the eastside set gill net
                 fishermen gained some fishing time in mid August. Hopefully this will reduce some of the rhetoric that we've
                 heard from these groups over the past year or so.




                 8/26/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0012099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                 The Mat Su sport fishermen benefited by declaration of Susitna River sockeye salmon as a stock of concern, but
                 there were no specific regulatory restrictions imposed on the central district drift gill net fishery (to expressly allow
                 for passage of Susitna sockeye ) as Mat Su advocates were requesting . While the stock of concern declaration
                 will be seen positively by Mat Su advocates , they will not be satisfied , thus we will likely hear criticism that the
                 Board did not go far enough to protect Susitna River stocks.

                 The liberalization of sport fishing rules will be taken positively by sport fishing advocates, but they will remain
                 disappointed that prescriptions for closed windows were found to be of lower priority than management for
                 escapement goals.

                 Just so you (and the Governor) know, the department has also decided internally , and we've let the public know,
                 that we are going to reinstate the coho portion of the Deshka River weir program (i.e., the notorious $55,000) from
                 our federal sport fish funding sources. Also, the Board was very pleased that the Governor decided to have the
                 Habitat Division moved back to ADF&G; there was even applause from the audience.

                 Let me know if you need more, DL.


                Denby S. Lloyd
                Commissioner
                Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                P.O. Box 115526
                Juneau, AK 9 9 61 1-5526
                907-465-4719




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0012100
