Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) (govpalin@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Friday, February 15, 2008 4:37 PM
              To:                     Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Subject:                Re: Press Release: Alaska Supreme Court Affirms TAPS Owners Overcharged Shippers

              Great news . Thank you- thanks for all oil and gas and law folks' good work on this!



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV) <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             CC: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Feb 15 16:23: 08 2008

             Subject: Press Release: Alaska Supreme Court Affirms TAPS Owners Overcharged Shippers




             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                  08-024




             Alaska Supreme Court Affirms TAPS Owners Overcharged Shippers



             February 15, 2008 , Juneau , Alaska - The Alaska Supreme Court today affirmed the Regulatory
             Commission of Alaska ' s 2002 decision that the Trans - Alaska Pipeline System carriers
             charged shippers on the pipeline from 1997 to 2000 rates that were at least 57 percent
             more than their actual and reasonable costs.



             The Supreme Court , noting that the owner ' s arguments were generally the same as those
             presented to the Superior Court, adopted the Superior Court ' s opinion as its own.



             This case was originally filed in 1997, when Tesoro and Williams protested the rates
             charged by the TAPS carriers for shipping within Alaska. The RCA has jurisdiction over the
             rates charged for oil taken off the pipeline in Alaska, which is generally less than 5
             percent of the barrels shipped . After a lengthy proceeding , the RCA issued a decision on
             November 27, 2002, ruling that refunds should be made because pipeline owners
             significantly overcharged in-state shippers. The decision released today is the result of
             the owners' appeal of that decision to Superior Court, where it was affirmed, and then to
             the state Supreme Court.



             The shippers have filed parallel cases at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
             protesting interstate rates. An administrative law judge issued a decision in May 2007
             that is consistent with the RCA's decision that is under consideration by FERC. The
                                                                  i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012120
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             ruling by FERC will affect state royalty revenues , which are calculated by deducting
             shipping costs.



             " This decision is momentous for the State of Alaska ," said DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin.
             "Our Supreme Court has agreed that the owners of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline are required to
             charge fair rates based on their costs , and will be held accountable for refunds when they
             have overcharged their shippers. This decision supports our efforts to make sure that the
             rates charged for shipment through a future gas pipeline are just and reasonable."




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0012121
