Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
              From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                     Friday, February 15, 2008 4:04 PM
              To:                       Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
               Subject:                 Re: great press release!


              Thanks and have a blast at home and with our most amazing supporters at Tara's party. Give
              them all a big hug from me, and go ahead and add in a "rah rah" speech from me! Love ya,
              travel safe.



              Bristol says "we're in fairbanks and rye-rye is here. And get your hair very blonde",
              willow says to add streaks.

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   "Frye,   Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



              Date : Fri, 15 Feb 2008 12:02:41

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject: great press release!




              I just read your press release re: gasline-it was fantastic! I especially liked the last
              quote!!



              Have a good weekend! I'm heading home to see the family, go to Tara's party, and MOST
              important get my hair cut!

             "Let's put this in perspective. We have relied on competition to advance the Alaska
             gasline project. Competition is what AGIA is all about. We don't know whether the State is
             going to award an AGIA license over the next few months, but if ConocoPhillips is going to
             go out and spend tens of millions of dollars conducting field work, then I have to ask,
             `What's the problem?' Simply put, competition is working."




                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0012122
