Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov. sarah (cityahoo.com
              Sent:                    Friday, February 15, 2008 10:32 AM
              To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Stepovich; Melissa M (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Fairbanks


              There isn't room for rollaway in this small room, so I'll talk to them. Also, I'll donate
              the magazine instead of auctioning them- it's embarrassing when folks don't bid. Maybe it
              can be a door prize. I'm late be of long teleconf that went an hour over the time here on
              the sched - I'll hustle and get to speech by 11:30.



              Also- after I finally found out the room next to the pole room was available last night I
              reserved it and slept in it . She then said other rooms nearby were available , so I'll ask
              for one of those instead of a third room in the other wing.

              Sent from my Blackserrye device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



              Date: Fri, 15 Feb 2008 09:00:15

              To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Stepovich, Melissa M (GOV)"
              <melissa.stepovich@alaska.gov>

              Subject: RE: Fairbanks




              Governor - Melissa was just over at the hotel this morning and

              straightened things out.         You know have rooms for the family. We had no

              idea that the rooms reserved for you would have been put under two

              separate names.

              RM 340 - You are in now and Housekeeping will bring rollaway in later

             today.      RM 341 - Girls are in now with a King Bed.

             RM 303 (New Room) with two doubles. Keys are at front desk for you.



             As soon as magazines are signed for auction please put at front desk and

             they will be picked up.




                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012130
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Kris and I have talked this morning and we have decided that we will be

              doing your hotel reservations from now on so that we are completely sure

              that you are not in these situations. Janice



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent : Friday, February 15, 2008 1:47 AM

             To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

             Subject: Fairbanks



             Just arrived. Princess has us in only one room, only one bed. I'm

             haggling with them now to at least get one other bed for the four of us

             tonight- and more space even when the First Gentleman arrives also.



             Not sure why they believe I only wanted one room and one bed for a

             family of six...

             Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular one




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012131
