Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Sunday, February 17, 2008 12:42 PM
             To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
             Subject:                 Re: Confidential Fw: please call when you get a minute -from Kay Cashman


             Oh my goodness Tom. The attacks keep coming , eh?!               It's got to mean we ' re doing something
             right.



             You are such a blessing to this state, our resources, and to me and the administration. I
             figure when you and Marty decide it's time to exit the rat race, then I'm coming with you.



             I love the team you two have put together and look forward to adding good additions to it,
             like the Energy Coordinator. My only frustration is with the yahoos who try to thwart your
             progress, and with the naysayers who'll be proven wrong in the near future! Thanks for
             your message!

             Sent from my BlackBerrye device from cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR )" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sun, 17 Feb 2008 11:52:04

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Confidential Fw: please call when you get a minute-from Kay Cashman




             Second try:  if you received something already I was just finishing the first email to you
             and my cell phone screen went blank. So I will try again.



              My response was to an email from Kay Cashman.



              I let her know that I was very proud to work for/with Governor Palin. It is a great team
             with great leadership and the goal remains the same "doing the very best we can for
             Alaskans".   I am not planning on resigning, to the contrary I am very encouraged and
             optimistic about the progress that is being made. I liked the Governor before her
             election but you really don't know how a person will act in pressure situations making
             tough decisions that have to be right until you are involved. The Governor is doing a
             great job!!!



              I suggested to Kay that some people start rumors to just see how far they go, some are
             malicious and want to hurt the Governor's and my professional relationship. They will be
             disappointed;  just makes a relationship stronger.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0012176
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Kay is going to do an article where she mentions this. Said she would sent me a draft to
              read first.    God bless you day. Tom



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: Kay Cashman <publisher*petroleumnews.com>

               To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

               Sent: Sun Feb 17 09:31:11 2008

               Subject: please call when you get a minute



               Hi Tom,




               There is a rumor circulating in the oil patch that you are upset with Gov.

               Palin about the gas line and ACES, and that as a result you might resign.



               I'd like to ask you about that.



               Best number is my cell 229-7057. I am working all weekend, plus 12 hour days

               this week, starting at 6 a.m. The only day I am off is Tuesday afternoon --

               1:30 p.m. through 8 p.m. Granddaughter time.



               Hope all is well,



               Kay



               Kay Cashman, publisher & executive editor

               Petroleum News

               Office :   907 561-7517

               Cell: 907 229-7057

               www.PetroleumNews.com

               www.PNABookClub.com




                                                              2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012177
