Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 3:20 PM
           To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Cc:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
           Subject :                Re: lobbyists

           Thanks- and that' s consistent with what I'm trying to live out: "Communities, individuals,
           etc., please come to me directly - skip the lobbysists- let me hear the straight scoop and
           I'll answer you openly and transparently minus the lobbysist interventions."

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesoalaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2008 15:02:38

           To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: FW: lobbyists




           FYI - this is the solution Talis and I worked on in response to lobbyists calling our
           attorneys at Dept, of Law.




           From; Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

            Sent : Tuesday, February 19, 2008 12:52 PM

            To: Sniffen, Clyde E (LAW)

            Cc: Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

            Subject: lobbyists



          Dear Mr. Sniffen,    I am continuing to get questions about our contacts with Ashley Reed
          and whether it is appropriate at all. In this case in order to avoid further problems
          with the Neuman bill I would like you to take the following approach. Should Mr. Reed (or
          any lobbyist on the Neuman bill) call you again about this then you should politely
          indicate that if someone has questions or concerns they should call you directly, not via
          a lobbyist.   I will be working with Mr. Tillery to try to articulate a department wide
          policy on lobbyist contact rules.    Thanks Talis
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012226
