Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 4:43 PM
             To:                      'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'; Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                                      (DOR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: Exxon


             FYI




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: dillon@radillon.com <dillon@radillon.com>

             To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

             Sent: Tue Feb 19 16:38:02 2008

             Subject: Exxon



            ExxonMobil Announces Plan to Put Alaska's Point Thomson Field on Production



            ANCHORAGE, Alaska--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 19, 2008--ExxonMobil Production Company, as
            operator and on behalf of the other unit working interest owners, today announced a new
            project to develop and produce hydrocarbon resources from the Point Thomson field on the
            Alaska North Slope.

            ExxonMobil submitted the plan to the Alaska Department of Natural Resources. It involves
            evaluation, delineation and development of Point Thomson reservoirs through a phased
            approach to fully develop the hydrocarbon resource for the mutual benefit of Alaskans and
            the unit working interest owners. Production is anticipated to start by year-end 2014.

            The project includes an investment of approximately $1.3 billion to commence a multi-year
            development. and delineation drilling program in the 2008-09 winter season and to construct
            production facilities, pipelines, and support infrastructure.

            Under the initial phase , approximately 200 million cubic feet per day of Point Thomson gas
            is expected to be produced. Approximately 10,000 barrels per day of liquid condensate that
            is separated from the gas is planned to be delivered for sale through new and existing oil
            pipelines. The remaining gas will be injected back into the Thomson Sand reservoir to
            maintain pressure for continued hydrocarbon recovery and for subsequent gas sales.

            In addition, engineering work will be completed to provide necessary information that will
            allow individual Point Thomson Unit owners to participate in an open season for a gas
            pipeline. Subsequent field development will be determined, which could include expanding
            the injection capacity, oil production, pursuing gas sales or a combination.

            Craig Haymes, Alaska production manager for ExxonMobil, said, "We look forward to working
            with the State of Alaska to delineate and bring Point Thomson hydrocarbon resources into
            production. We have completed significant engineering and geoscience work over the past 18
            months, focused on reservoir evaluation and development planning. The assessments indicate
            that a phased development is a prudent approach to maximize the benefits to the State of
            Alaska and the Point Thomson owners, especially since a gas pipeline is more than a decade
            away."

            Since 1954, ExxonMobil has invested over $20 billion dollars to develop Alaska's petroleum
            resources. The company's current working interest share of oil production in the state is
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0012219
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           approximately 140,000 barrels per day.

           In addition to ExxonMobil, the other major Point Thomson Unit owners include BP
           Exploration (Alaska) Inc., Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and ConocoPhillips Alaska Inc.

           Sent via BlackBerry from T - Mobile




                                                          2
