Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 5:21 PM
             To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                                      (DOR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Exxon

             Thank you Tom - glad I got to talk to you about this just now... I' m sure we 'll be asked
             for a media response.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2008 16:56:30

             To:"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,ExternalEmailgsp
             <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Galvin,
             Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
             <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kelly,
             Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kellyaalaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: Exxon




             We received this in the DNR office just a few minutes ago. This plan

             was filed as Exxon's proposal to be considered at the Point Thomson

             remand hearing scheduled by DNR to begin March 3, 2008. Tom



             -----Original Message-----

             From: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

             Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2008 4:43 PM

             To: ExternalEmailgsp; Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR);

             Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A

             (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Subject: Fw: Exxon



             FYI




             ----- Original Message -----
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0012215
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              From : dillon®radillon.com <dillon@radillon.com>

              To: Balash , Joseph R (GOV)

              Sent : Tue Feb 19 16: 38:02 2008

              Subject: Exxon



              ExxonMobil Announces Plan to Put Alaska's Point Thomson Field on

              Production



              ANCHORAGE , Alaska-- ( BUSINESS WIRE )-- Feb. 19, 2008 -- ExxonMobil Production

              Company, as operator and on behalf of the other unit working interest

              owners, today announced a new project to develop and produce hydrocarbon

              resources from the Point Thomson field on the Alaska North Slope.

              ExxonMobil submitted the plan to the Alaska Department of Natural

              Resources . It involves evaluation, delineation and development of Point

              Thomson reservoirs through a phased approach to fully develop the

              hydrocarbon resource for the mutual benefit of Alaskans and the unit

              working interest owners. Production is anticipated to start by year-end

              2014.

              The project includes an investment of approximately $1.3 billion to

              commence a multi-year development and delineation drilling program in

              the 2008-09 winter season and to construct production facilities,

              pipelines, and support infrastructure.

              Under the initial phase, approximately 200 million cubic feet per day of

              Point Thomson gas is expected to be produced. Approximately 10,000

             barrels per day of liquid condensate that is separated from the gas is

             planned to be delivered for sale through new and existing oil pipelines.

             The remaining gas will be injected back into the Thomson Sand reservoir

             to maintain pressure for continued hydrocarbon recovery and for

             subsequent gas sales.

             In addition, engineering work will be completed to provide necessary

             information that will allow individual Point Thomson Unit owners to

             participate in an open season for a gas pipeline . Subsequent field

             development will be determined, which could include expanding the

                                                               2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0012216
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              injection capacity, oil production, pursuing gas sales or a combination.



             Craig Haymes, Alaska production manager for ExxonMobil, said, "We look

             forward to working with the State of Alaska to delineate and bring Point

             Thomson hydrocarbon resources into production. We have completed

             significant engineering and geoscience work over the past 18 months,

             focused on reservoir evaluation and development planning. The

             assessments indicate that a phased development is a prudent approach to

             maximize the benefits to the State of Alaska and the Point Thomson

             owners, especially since a gas pipeline is more than a decade away.,,

             Since 1954, ExxonMobil has invested over $20 billion dollars to develop

             Alaska's petroleum resources. The company's current working interest

             share of oil production in the state is approximately 140,000 barrels

             per day.

             In addition to ExxonMobil, the other major Point Thomson Unit owners

             include BP Exploration (Alaska) Inc., Chevron U.S.A. Inc. and

             ConocoPhillips Alaska Inc.

             Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile




                                                           3
