Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                   Rutherford , Marty K (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MKRUTHERFORD]
             Sent:                   Monday, February 18, 2008 3:24 PM
             To:                     'govpalin@alaska.gov; 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                FW: Town Hall Meeting Summary



             Governor,

            Here is a summary on the town hall meetings. As you are aware, we have scheduled 16 AGIA
            town hall meetings throughout Alaska (I've attached the meeting schedule and team
            assignments). The meetings are not a formal public comment forum, but will contain a
            .question and answer session and we are providing addressed, postage-paid comment forms for
            the public to fill out and mail in their formal comments.



            The first meeting is tonight in Palmer, followed by the Anchorage meeting tomorrow night.



            The meetings will be facilitated by a gasline team member. Their role is two-fold:

             1) Introduce the meetings and guidelines - no public testimony will be taken, but comment
             forms are available; and we cannot discuss the merits of the evaluation; and

            2) Field questions from the audience for the team members at the end of the presentation.
            Because we are still in the evaluation process, we cannot answer questions that go to the
            merits of the evaluation and we are not promoting TransCanada's application. Rather we are
            informing the public of where we are in the process and encouraging them to comment on the
            complete application. The facilitator will direct questions that go to the merits of the
            application to submit their comment on the pre-paid comment forms provided.



            The formal presentations will be given by Tom, Pat or myself, and will provide an overview
            of:

            1) Why AGIA is important - a review of why SGDA failed, core principles of AGIA (jobs and
            gas for Alaskans, open access pipeline, etc.) and Conoco's alternative to AGIA;

            2) AGIA application and completeness processes;

            3) TransCanada's application, including preliminary timeline;

            4) AGIA evaluation process, including the administration's commitment to analyze LNG
            options;

            5) Next steps - incorporation of public comments and the Commissioners ' determination;

            6) Ways the public can comment on TransCanada 's application; and

            7) Question and answer period.



            All gasline team members traveling for the town halls received a binder full of AGIA
            information. The binders are not for public distribution - they are for the gasline team
            members only. That said, the vast majority of what is in the binder is public information.
            And the purpose of the binder is so the team knows what is already out in the public arena
            - questions that can be answered with information in the binder can be addressed during
                                                                 i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP0I_0012211
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            the town halls.



            The public was notified of the town hall meetings by the following:

            1) Public mailing to AGIA mail list ( contains state and federal legislators , Native groups
            and leaders , mayors, municipalities , postmasters , libraries and LIO offices;

            2) Display ads in local newspapers;

            3) Posted on AGIA web-site

            4) Flyers mailed to all locations for posting throughout the community

            5) PSA's sent to media all town hall communities

            6) Governor ' s press release and newsletter



            Additionally , beyond those meetings listed on the attached schedule , we have recently
            received requests for town hall meetings in Glennallen and Tok. The Glennallen meeting has
            just been scheduled for March 3, likely from 6-8 (pending confirmation ). We are still
            working on scheduling the Tok meeting.



            Please let me know if you have any questions or want more information.



            Marty




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0012212
