Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                   Tuesday, February 19, 2008 7:11 PM
              To:                     McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
              Cc:                     Monegan; Walt C (DPS); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Perry; Kristina Y
                                      (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Aniak Update

              Walt- I think it's a good idea to have one of our folks attend the meeting . If/when
              Rhonda ' s schedule permits I 'd like her to travel to Aniak also ... please give us your
              sense on that.



             Thanks so much for these follow - ups Rhonda . Let's ask Walt what he thinks of your travel
             there to represent us as soon as possible.

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From :   " McBride, Rhonda   ( GOV)" <rhonda . mcbride@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Tue, 19 Feb 2008 19:03:20

             To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Monegan , Walt C ( DPS)" <walt.monegan @alaska . gov>,"Nizich , Michael A (GOV)"
             <mike . nizich@alaska . gov>,"Colberg , Talis J ( LAW)" <talis . colberg@alaska . gov>,"Perry,
             Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Aniak Update




             Dear Governor Palin:



              Spoke this evening with Lt. Craig MacDonald, who heads up the Bethel Trooper office.



              He says he will go . to Aniak tomorrow night, to answer questions at a scheduled City
             Council meeting . It will be an opportunity to get a different perspective on the problem,
             since the City may be the larger player in the community .    ( Lt. MacDonald says KTUU is
             making plans to cover this meeting.)



              Lt. MacDonald was in Mountain village today -- at the invitation of the community's
             tribal and city governments , as well as the village corporation .   He said it was a very
             positive meeting , where Troopers were thanked for their service to the region. The
             focus:  how to make Mountain Village a safer , healthier community .   Lt. MacDonald said he
             took a big risk by telling the group that stronger parenting is the best solution, but was
             pleasantly surprised by the applause.   The best news : it validated recent experiences
             with the community -- that show Mt. Village is at a turning point.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0012213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Next week, there's a big meeting in Nome -- to discuss Andre Rosay's report on the
             epidemic of sexual abuse in Rural Alaska. Troopers from the "C" Detachment will be
             working on ways to turn the tide.



              In this battleground, there will be unhappy people .               Some because the Troopers arenOt
             doing enough . Others who want to be left alone.



               There are just no easy answers.



              What a difference it makes , when a community like Mountain Village ,               starts asking the
             right questions.




                                                                    2




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012214
