Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Rutherford , Marty K (DNR ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MKRUTHERFORD]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 2:50 PM
            To:                      'gov. sarah @yahoo.com'
            Cc:                      Irwin ; Tom E ( DNR); Galvin ; Patrick S (DOR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: TC


            Governor,

            I completely agree.    However, one of the complexities of this issue is that there is no
            clear consensus on what is meant by an "All-Alaska project." Here are some of the options
            envisioned by various parties:

            1) An LNG project from Prudhoe to Valdez, building a new LNG facility,                       at various sizes;

            2) A Y-line project from Prudhoe to Delta Jct, with a smaller line into Valdez for LNG
            export;

            3) An LNG project from Prudhoe to Cook inlet, building a new LNG facility (not using the
            existing, small, old LNG facility

            owned by Conoco & Marathon);

            4) An LNG "dry gas" project from the Foothills to Cook Inlet, building a new LNG facility;


            5) A very small Bullet Line (less than one-half bcf/d) intended to provide gas for in-
            state users (for example, utilities & Agrium) with a small amount exported through the
            existing LNG facility.



            It is important to note that AGIA specifically allows us to pursue a project much like
            what is described in #5, even if AGIA results in a license issued to a project into
            Alberta.



            Also, once we have completed the AGIA evaluation we will know much more about the
            economics of certain LNG project options, since we have now included both TC's project and
            multiple LNG project scenarios (all into Valdez, none into the Cook Inlet, because we
            received no AGIA applications for an LNG project into Ck Inlet and therefore no data).



            Once your new Energy Coordinator is on board, we should talk about how a small All-Alaska
            project fits, or conflicts ( depending upon the project details), with the AGIA process and
            an AGIA License.

            Thanks Governor,

            Marty




            ----- Original message - ----

            From: gov.sarah@yyahoo.com <gov. sarah@yahoo.com>
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0012227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Cc: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Feb 19 13:24: 38 2008

            Subject: Re: TC




            It's a good thing we've continued to recognize a smaller, all-Alaska project is very do-
            able, it's supported by Alaskans, and we can confidently tell Alaskans we continue to
            study it and consider it. It sure has re-emerged lately with a lot of public support
            (almost like it's a new idea ?), and I ' m inundated with positive public comments about the
            idea of an all-Alaska project.

            Sent from my BlackBerryv device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



            Date : Tue, 19 Feb 2008 12:33:54

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska .gov>,"Irwin, Tom E-(DNR)"
            <tom.irwinealaska . gov>,"Balash , Joseph R ( GOV)" <Joe . balash@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: TC




            Governor,

            Joe is the person speaking to TC on this issue and he is tied up with a big Shell forum
           this morning , as a speaker , so may not be monitoring his phone nor blackberry .  Neither
           Tom, Pat nor I, have heard any information about whether TC is willing to share their
           SGDA' negotiation materials .   Plus , we haven't yet seen Wesley Loy's report on TC's SGDA
           materials . We've been tied- up with two major activities : 1) getting the final wrap on
           preparations for the teams departure for the AGIA ' Town Hall Mtgs around the state; and 2)
           briefings from our technical teams on initial information emerging from the AGIA' NPV and
           "likelihood of success " evaluations.

            Regarding the first Town Hall meeting in Palmer , it went extremely from our perspective.
           It was well attended ( around 75 people attended ), and the majority of the attendees were
           very supportive of you, and of AGIA, and they made that very clear. We had an excellent
           and lengthy question and answer period, and during that exchange the attendees seemed to
           strongly favor an all-Alaska line .  They also repeatedly clapped as a means of thanking
           you for standing up for the state , and for creating the AGIA process .  We encouraged the
           public to make their comments and preferences part of the record by submitting them online
           or in writing.  We were all very pleased.

             Marty




             ----- Original Message -----
                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yyahoo.com>

            To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Cc: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Gibson,
           Kurtis K (DNR)

             Sent: Tue Feb 19 09:14:17 2008

            Subject: TC




            Did TC disclose their '04 app and term sheet yet? The sooner the better. Also, I'll need
           a briefing on the points made in Wesley Loy's report re: '04 TC negotiations. Thanks. And
           I hope Palmer AGIA mtg went well!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_ 0012229
