Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo-com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 2:26 PM
             To:                      Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Re: Press Release: Governor Palin Appoints Fairbanks Superior Court Judge

             Did the presser go out with the other 15 new appointments?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Yocom , Lauren J ( GOV)" <lauren . yocom@alaska.gov>



            Date : Tue, 19 Feb 2008 14:20:41

            To:"Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska . gov>,"Leschper , Beth (GOV)"
            <beth . leschper @alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Yocom , Lauren J ( GOV)" <lauren . yocom@alaska.gov>

            Subject:     Press Release : Governor Palin Appoints Fairbanks Superior Court Judge




            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

            No. 08-025



            Governor Palin Appoints Fairbanks Superior Court Judge



            February 19, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today appointed

            Paul Lyle to the Fairbanks Superior Court.            He replaces the Honorable

            Niesje J .   Steinkruger , who retired.



            Lyle, 54, currently serves as an assistant attorney general in

            Fairbanks, where he is the lead attorney on Indian issues .               During his

            tenure of more than 24 years with the Alaska Department of Law, he

                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0012230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            served for two years as the state ' s ethics attorney.



            "Paul's respected academic and professional background will serve the

           Fairbanks Judicial District well," Governor Palin said .          " I am pleased

           to appoint someone to the bench who has a strong knowledge of complex

           tribal-state matters and a profound regard for the rule of law."



           Lyle has been a resident of Fairbanks for 27 years and has practiced law

           for more than 28 years .      He graduated magna cum laude from Temple

           University School of Law in 1978. After graduating from law school, he

           joined the U.S. Army and rose to the rank of captain in the Judge

           Advocate General's Corps.



           Lyle and his wife Ruth have three children.



           Lyle was one of four candidates presented by the Judicial Council to

           Governor Palin, who made the selection within the 45 days allowed to

           fill a vacancy.      The Alaska Constitution requires the governor to fill

           judicial vacancies by appointing from a list of qualified applicants

           nominated by the Judicial Council. The Judicial Council is an

           independent citizen's commission created by the Alaska Constitution.




                                                             2
