Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 1:25 PM
            To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
            Cc:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: TC


            It's a good thing we've continued to recognize a smaller, all-Alaska project is very do-
            able, it's supported by Alaskans, and we can confidently tell Alaskans we continue to
            study it and consider it. It sure has re-emerged lately with a lot of public support
            (almost like it's a new idea?), and I'm inundated with positive public comments about the
            idea of an all-Alaska project.

            Sent from my Blackberry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>



            Date: The, 19 Feb 2008 12:33:54

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)"
            <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: TC




            Governor,

             Joe is the person speaking to TC on this issue and he is tied up with a big Shell forum
            this morning, as a speaker , so may not be monitoring his phone nor blackberry. Neither
            Tom, Pat nor I, have heard any information about whether TC is willing to share their
            SGDA' negotiation materials .  Plus, we haven't yet seen Wesley Loy's report on TC's SGDA
            materials.  We've been tied-up with two major activities: 1) getting the final wrap on
            preparations for the teams departure for the AGIA' Town Hall Mtgs around the state; and 2)
            briefings from our technical teams on initial information emerging from the AGIA' NPV and
            "likelihood of success " evaluations.

             Regarding the first Town Hall meeting in Palmer, it went extremely from our perspective.
            It was well attended (around 75 people attended), and the majority of the attendees were
            very supportive of you, and of AGIA, and they made that very clear. We had an excellent
            and lengthy question and answer period, and during that exchange the attendees   seemed to
            strongly favor an all-Alaska line.   They also repeatedly clapped as a means of thanking
            you for standing up for the state , and for creating the AGIA process. We encouraged the
            public to make their comments and preferences part of the record by submitting them online
            or in writing.  We were all very pleased.

             Marty




             ----- Original Message -----




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0012236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: gov.sarah@yyahoo.com <gov.saraheyahoo.com>

             To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Cc: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin,        Tom E   (DNR); Gibson,
           Kurtis K (DNR)

             Sent: Tue Feb 19 09:14:17 2008

             Subject: TC



            Did TC disclose their '04 app and term sheet yet? The sooner the better. Also, I'll need
           a briefing on the points made in Wesley Loy's report re: '04 TC negotiations. Thanks. And
           I hope Palmer AGIA mtg went well!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012237
