Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 9:10 AM
            To:                      gem2be@gmail.com
            Subject:                 RE: General-Administration

            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Sunday, February 17, 2008 1:43 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: General-Administration



            Web mail from: Ms. Cheryl Zimmerman

            address: 18230 Norway Drive Anchorage AX 99516

             907-345-2619



           MESSAGE:

           To the honorable Governor Palin:



           I have been moved to write you, because you are one of the few people in political office
           that I respect and admire.

           You have not let the media turn your life into a circus- you handle public and private
           issues with empathetic concern and give them the priorities they deserve. You appear to
           give leaders the command they need to lead, and you direct with finesse at the helm of our
           great state.



           I am proud of your visionary hope for Alaska.



             I am just one Alaskan, watching you blossom into a beautiful rose for God and our state.



           You need to hear that there are many like me, praying for you to continue to lead our
           people with high energy and zeal.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012256
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thank you,

            Cheryl E . Zimmerman



            gem2beagmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012257
