Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 9:59 AM
            To:                      selatik@hotmail.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, February 16, 2008 3:06 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Wade Larsen Larsen

            address: p.o. box 283 Ferndale WA 98248




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            I don't mean to bother you with a frivolous e-mail, but I recently read your feature
            article in Alaska magazine, and I just have to say that I think you are absolutely
            beautiful.  My jaw about hit the floor when I saw the pictures of you.



           I respect the fact that you are a governor, and am impressed that you try to avoid
           partisan politics and maintain a lot of integrity in your work. AND you are also stunning:
           Your husband is lucky .   I read somewhere that your smile is, like, the number three cause
           of global warming.    well at least you warm ME up.  I saw the bit on Craig Ferguson, and I
           thought it was cute .   He's so funny and charming.



            Keep up the good work, Ms Patin . I think you are cooler than Arnold!



           With warm regards,



                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0012250
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Wade Larsen



           selatik@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0012251
