Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, February 19, 2008 8:58 AM
           To:                      porthole83@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this.office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent :   Sunday, February 17, 2008 6:10 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Budget



           Web mail from: Mr. Brent Willoughby

           address :   527 Grand Ave Findlay OH 45840




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           I am writing you from Findlay, Ohio where we have experienced two major floods in the last
           six months.  These floods have caused extensive damage to hundreds of area homes and
           businesses.  The Army Corps of Engineers has been consulted to do a study to help lessen
           future flooding to our city.

           The problem is that congress has only alloted $198,000 of the $350,000 needed to complete
           the study.  Any assistance from you and your office to persuade congress to grant the this
           funding would be greatly appreciated.  Thank You.

                                Sincerly,

                            Brent Willoughby

                            Findlay, Ohio



           porthole83@yahoo.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012259
