Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



               Unknown

               From :     Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
               Sent:      Tuesday, February 19 , 2008 4:47 PM
               To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: Sen. Olson & VPSO's

             Dear Governor Palin and Mr . Tibbles,
                                                                                                                                                 t
                  This afternoon Sen. Olson asked to meet with me about the VPSO program . He had the budget numbers for
             the proposed recommendations of the task force . It is a set of four yearly increases to accomplish the
             improvements to the existing program. It is my understanding that he is set to meet with Mr. Tibbles today at 5:00
             PM.
                  I told him I think the recommendations are good because:
                   1) It is not a new program.
                   2) It is improving an existing program.
                  3)    It is an expression of partnership with Native regional corporations.
                   4) It is an expression of genuine interest with resource commitment to a real rural problem.
                   5) It addresses pay/retention issues.
                    6) It addresses morale and trauma issues.
                    7) It provides some help for local housing.
                    8) It would add fifteen new officers for each of the next four years for a total of 60 new VPSO's in 60
             villages which currently have no real public safety personnel present.
                    9) State public safety and law enforcement as demonstrated in Emmonak and Aniak is lacking and not
             respected in rural Alaska . There needs to be a demonstration that we take the problem seriously and want to
             address it with a State uniform system.

                 The alternative:

                  1)  Further estrangement of rural Alaska from the State of Alaska.
                  2)   More support for "tribal" or "village" solutions to all issues and isolation from the State. The State is
                     already losing respect and authority in Native regions.
                  3) No real public safety in small villages where a bad person can go on a deadly rampage for hours if not
                     days before troopers arrive.
                  4) No way to nip minor juvenile crime in the bud before It festers into something worse . A local State
                     supervised VPSO can teach children right from wrong at the first offense when they are impressionable
                     and avoid the chain reaction of unsupervised children turning into delinquents and then into hard core
                     criminals.

                 With all of that said, the proposal is increase the VPSO budget from 5 . 865 million to 7.344 million this year
             (1,479, 000 increase) and continue to increase each of the subsequent three years to 11,137,200 in 2012.

                 I have told Sen . Olson that our office is concerned about the overall budget and I cannot speak out for an
             increase without our a pproval. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Materi




             8/24/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0012276
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page I of I



               Unknown

                From:     Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LVON SCHEBENJ
                Sent:     Tuesday, February 19, 2008 3:22 PM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Mayor Begich Raised Walkways in Anchorage Turning over Local Roads

              Governor, understand you are interested in the above. I am trying to set up a meeting this Friday or Monday with
              the Mayor, myself, my Deputy Commissioner of Hwys, and Gordon Keith my regional director (South Central
              Region) on the issue above.

              Randy filled me in on some of your thoughts. I will let you know how it goes. LEO




              8/26/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0012277
