Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 8:04 PM
           To:                      McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; . Janice L (GOV); michael. tibbles@alaska .gov; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Monegan;
                                    Walt C (DPS); Notti; Emil R (CED); Kim; Anna C (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Perry;
                                    Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
           Subject:                 Re: AFN Financial Woes

           Thanks for this update Rhonda. I intend to.mostly listen tomorrow during AFN's board
           mtg... some of us will be calling in to participate since their invitation was last minute
           and most of us can't be in Anchorage for tomorrow's mtg. Sounds like Julie Kitka wants to
           hear our legislative priorities tomorrow,. though I'm sure she heard the State of State.

                                                                                                                                           t

           Very interesting the changes AFN may be forced to undertake soon. Sounds like some of the
           Native Corp leadership changes that we hear rumored about also. Thank you

           Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



            ----Original Message-----

           From: "McBride, Rhonda (GOV)" <rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov>



           Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 13:37:00

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>,michael. tibbles@alaska.gov,"Nizich,
           Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich®alaska.gov>,"Monegan, Walt C (DPS)"
           <walt.monegan@alaska.gov>,"Notti, Emil R (CED)" <emil.notti@alaska.gov>,"Kim, Anna C
           (GOV)" <anna.kim@alaaka.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Perry,
           Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
           <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>

           Subject: AFN Financial Woes




                                                                                                                                           t
           AFN FINANCIAL WOES



            The Alaska Federation of Natives will hold an important board meeting on Thursday,
           February 21st in Anchorage at CIRIDs offices on San Jeronimo Drive, across from the
           Anchorage Daily News .  Start time: 10:30am.



            One issue that is sure to come up:           AFNDs financial meltdown.



            Rumors have . been circulating for some time .   But if you visit AFNDs uCu street office,
           youu ll see confirmation -- lots of empty rooms on the third floor, a sign that AFN is now
           a smaller, leaner operation.
                                                           1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0012283
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Talked with George Irwin , Vice President of AFN last week . He is currently working
           without pay -- and hopes to go back on salary , in a different position , when some other
           funding comes in.



           Irwin says AFN has been downsized to about six people .    He expects the staff to grow
          back to about eight or nine workers , still a skeleton crew.

            So what happened?



            Irwin says moving the annual convention to Fairbanks last year proved costly -- and while
           in the midst of planning it, AFN President Julie Kitka realized the convention would be
           followed by layoffs, to cover the costs. It was a tough choice to make.



           Also,  AFN dues, paid by the regional Native Corporations, have not changed much over the
          years to reflect the growing expenses.



           AFN will ask Native Corporations to increase their dues . And while they may do so, itDs
          not likely they will bail out the organization completely.



           AFN is definitely in a tight spot.



           Irwin says Native Corporations are now feeling their might u enjoying unprecedented
          growth and many donDt feel that AFN is needed a-s it once was.  He put it this way, DThe
          children are turning their parents out in the cold. u



            In talking with others who follow Native politics u



           This financial crisis has precipitated a leadership tussleD a push to get longtime AFN
          President Julie Kitka to step aside.

           AFN under Kitka us leadership, has done a virtuoso job of forwarding the Native agenda.
            It remains to be seen if shell weather this.



           Senator Albert Kookesh us office has been quiet about AFNDs finances.  Kookesh is co-chair
          of AFN , along with Tim Towarak, who once held the Rural Advisor Position in the Knowles
          administration.



           We may know more about       what direction AFNDs leadership takes, after AFNDs board meeting
          tomorrow (Thursday).



           .AFN has invited the Governor, Commissioner Emil Notti, Frank Bailey and me to attend 0 in
          person or via teleconference.
                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0012284
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            $o what u s the administrations role in this ?   Not much right now, except to recognize
           that AFN is struggling , to stay tuned in and supportive.



            For the state,      a weakened AFN does not bode well.



            Although AFN has sometimes clashed with the state on issues like subsistence,  AFN, in
           its forty years,  has done much to bring about consensus in Rural Alaska and furthered
           many good causes.



            The only other statewide Native organization , the Alaska Inter-Tribal Council , has not
           had AFNDs resources , nor its success . It has also had a more adversarial relationship
           with the state.



            In recent years , AFN has been working hard with the state and federal government to
           promote economic development in villages.

            By bringing in the World Bank and the Alaska Marketplace Program, AFN has done some good
           work .. There is more awareness now about the basic financial infrastructure lacking in
           Rural Alaska.



            As this administration attempts to strengthen public safety in Rural Alaska , combat
           sexual abuse , promote healthy lifestyles , deal with climate change and lower the cost of
           energy , it will need many partners , as well as AFN u s expertise and support.



           .. I will attempt to attend the AFN board meeting via telephone.



            It would be great if Commissioner Emil Notti could be there in person .   When Emil ran AFN
           in its . early days , he worked out of a small BIA office with a phone and typewriter. He
           would be a great resource for AFN during this time of restructuring.



            He knows the organization as an insider and as a founding father.




                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0012285
