Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 1:53 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 12:02 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Konstantin Vulkov

           address : 82, Dondukov blvd. Floor 4 Sofia OS 1504




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor,



           My name is Konstantin Vulkov and I am Program Director of the biggest and most listened to
           Bulgarian private radio station , Darik Radio.



           parik is a news/current affairs/talk station, based in Bulgaria's capital Sofia with 17
           regional offices accross the country.



           I would like to make a phone interview with you for the Bulgarian Darik Radio. I am
           especially interested by your anti-corruption drives as corruption is the biggest problem
           in Bulgaria.



           Could you please advice whether this is possible and how can I send some more information
           regarding my request.



           Many thanks in advance.



           Warmest regards,

                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012310
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Konstantin Vulkov

            Program Director

           Darik Radio

           konstantin.vulkov@darik.net

           dariknews.bg



           konstantin.vulkov@darik.net




                                                       2
