Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                    gov.sarah©yahoo.com
           Sent:                     Wednesday, February 20, 2008 11:19 AM
           To:                       McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
            Subject:                 Fw: Dyson

            This could dovetail w/Dyson' s ideas:

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL , S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date : Wed, 20 Feb 2008 10:58:03

            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject:   FW: Dyson




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           She wanted to see whether you or I would be willing to organize ( with no fanfare) a
           meeting of about 5 - 7 people from various regions of the state to discuss issues of foster
           care, sexual assault & molestation , etc. in the village and to talk about strategies for
           addressing it. She believes strongly that the 3-5 people meeting should be Alaska Natives
           and that a facilitator for the meeting would be helpful.



           Perhaps the concerns addressed bylrnvuegea orrycould dovetail with whatever your staff
           writes to address Sen . Dyson' s request for the Alaska Native Commission.




             From : gov.sarah@yahoo . com [mailto : gov.sarahoyahoo.com]

                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0012317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent : Wed 2 / 20/2008 9:44 AM

             To: Mason , Janice L (GOV); McBride, Rhonda (GOV); PARNELL,       S (GOV sponsored)

             Cc: Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV); Nizich , Michael A ( GOV); Monegan , Walt C ( DPS); Notti, Emil
             R (CED ); Frank Bailey ; Perry , Kristina Y (GOV ); Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV); Kelly , Russell T
             (GOV); Ruaro , Randall P ( GOV); Todd ; Colberg , Talis J (LAW)

             Subject: Dyson




             Sen. Dyson wrote a pretty scathing letter a week or so ago re : no progress on his Native
             Elders Roundtable idea , a year after presenting the idea to the Gov ' s office.



             Pls provide a copy of the letter to Rhonda , and others who need to see it. Dyson ' s idea is
             great , but I had assigned the idea to Bitney so he'd work with . Dyson on it , and Bitney
             must not have communicated anything on this to Dyson.



             Between Rhonda , the Lt . Governor , and others who think this is a good idea , I'm sure we
             can see something come to fruition on Dyson ' s idea.



             Thanks



            Also- I need DPS letter from Aniak and their response to Aniak re: no troopers wanted in
            the village . Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_ 0012318
