Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 1:53 PM
            To:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
            Subject:                 Fw: AFN Financial Woes


            Fyi



            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

           From: "McBride, Rhonda (GOV)" <rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov>



           Date : Wed, 20 Feb 2008 13:37:00

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>,michael.tibbles@alaska.gov,"Nizich,
           Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,"Monegan, Walt C (DPS)"
           <walt.monegan@alaska.gov>,"Notti, Emil R (CED)" <emil.notti@alaska.gov>,"Kim, Anna C
           (GOV)" <anna.kim@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Perry,
           Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
           <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>

           Subject: AFN Financial Woes




           AFN FINANCIAL WOES




            The Alaska Federation of Natives will hold an important board meeting on Thursday,
           February 21st in Anchorage at CIRIDs offices on San Jeronimo Drive, across from the
           Anchorage Daily News .  Start time : 10:30am.



            One issue that is sure to come up:         AFNus financial meltdown.



            Rumors have been circulating for some time. But if you visit AFNDs uCu street office,
           youull see confirmation -- lots of empty rooms on the third floor, a sign that AFN is now
           a smaller, leaner operation.



            Talked with George Irwin, Vice President of AFN last week. He is currently working
           without pay -- and hopes to go back on salary, in a different position, when some other
           funding comes in.




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012307
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Irwin says AFN has been downsized to about six people.    He expects the staff to grow
           back to about eight or nine workers, still a skeleton crew.

            So what happened?



            Irwin says moving the annual convention to Fairbanks last year proved costly -- and while
           in the midst of planning it, AFN President Julie Kitka realized the convention would be
           followed by layoffs, to cover the costs. It was a tough choice to make.



            Also,  AFN dues, paid by the regional Native Corporations, have not changed much over the
           years to reflect the growing expenses.



            AFN will ask Native Corporations to increase their dues . And while they may do so, itus
           not likely they will bail out the organization completely.



            AFN is definitely in a tight spot.



            Irwin says Native Corporations are now feeling their might 0 enjoying unprecedented
           growth and many donOt feel that AFN is needed as it once was.   He put it this way, OThe
           children are turning their parents out in the cold.0



            In talking with others who follow Native politics0



            This financial crisis has precipitated a leadership tussle0 a push to get longtime AFN
           President Julie Kitka to step aside.

            AFN under KitkaDs leadership, has done a virtuoso job of forwarding the Native agenda.
             It remains to be seen if sheOll weather this.



            Senator Albert Kookeshu s office has been quiet about AFNOs finances.  Kookesh is co-chair
           of AFN, along with Tim Towarak, who once held the Rural Advisor position in the Knowles
           administration.



           we may know more about       what direction AFNOs leadership takes, after AFNOs board meeting
          tomorrow (Thursday).



           AFN has invited the Governor, Commissioner Emil Notti, Frank Bailey and me to attend u in
          person or via teleconference.



           So whatOs the administrations role in this?       Not much right now, except to recognize
          that. AFN is struggling, to stay tuned in and supportive.



           For the state,     a weakened AFN does not bode well.
                                                            2



                                                                                                                           I


                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012308
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Although AFN has sometimes clashed with the state on issues like subsistence, AFN, in
           its forty years,  has done much to bring about consensus in Rural Alaska and furthered
           many good causes.



             The only other statewide Native organization, the Alaska Inter-Tribal council, has not
            had AFNDs resources, nor its success. It has also had a more adversarial relationship
            with the state.



            In recent years , AFN has been working hard with the state and federal government to
           promote economic development in villages.

            By bringing in the World Bank and the Alaska Marketplace Program,  AFN has done some good
           work. There is more awareness now about the basic financial infrastructure lacking in
           Rural Alaska.



            As this administration attempts to strengthen public safety in Rural Alaska, combat
           sexual abuse , promote healthy lifestyles, deal with climate change and lower the cost of
           energy,  it will need many partners, as well as AFNDs expertise and support.



             i will attempt to attend the AFN board meeting via telephone.



            It would be great if Commissioner Emil Notti could be there in person. When Emil ran AFN
           in its early days, he worked out of a small BIA office with a phone and typewriter. He
           would be a great resource for AFN during this time of restructuring.



             He knows the organization as an insider and as a founding father.




                                                          3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_ 0012309
