Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20 , 2008 11:28 AM
             To:                      Rick Perry
             Cc:                      Nick Ayers; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: this weekend...


             Rick /Nick :   I'll be there.



             And is there any possibility I could hear from McCain on Alaska' s resource development
             issues? (ie. why is he opposed to ANWR oil drilling, why is he hooked up with Lieberman on
             a few anti-development initiatives?)



             If anyone can help me hear from him on that , our state would appreciate it. I'll have a
             tough time explaining my support for him until I can say I spoke with him about my
             concerns re: any pro - environmental stands he ' s taking that could hurt Alaska.

             Sent from my BlackBerrye device from cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "Rick Perry" <rperry08@RGA.ORG>



             Date : Wed, 20 Feb 2008 14:12:53

             Cc:"Nick Ayers" <NAyers@RGA.ORG>

             Subject: this weekend...




            Governors,



             I'm looking forward to seeing many of you this weekend .  I know how tightly these
            weekends are scheduled , but I wanted to make sure all of you were aware of a gracious
            invitation we just received from John McCain .  He is hosting a governors and spouses only
            reception at the Willard prior to the Statesman dinner on Saturday night where he is our
            special guest . I know your RGA briefings have already gone out , which is why I wanted to
            personally highlight this addition and ask you to attend. The reception will be at
            6:15pm . I'll be sure RGA gets your schedulers more information on this.



             The other ask I have of you is to stay in Washington for the Gala on Monday night. It is
            President Bush ' s last RGA dinner and we will all be sitting on the stage as he delivers
            his remarks . Over the years the President has been a great friend to RGA and he was
            active as a governor so I want to make sure we are all there to express our appreciation
            to him . Another important reason we need you to attend is this is our biggest fundraiser
            of the year for RGA.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012321
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I hope you will consider these two requests. See you soon.




             Rick




                                                          2
