Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:     Ruaro , Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                Sent:     Wednesday, February 20, 2008 2:08 PM
                To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Subject: FW: Aniak

              Governor:

              The latest report on the situation in Aniak.

              Randy


              From : Byrne, Cassandra M (DPS)
              Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 12:58 PM
              To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
              Cc: Monegan, Walt C (DPS); Glass, John D (DPS); Holloway, Audie E (DPS); Rice, Lauren (DPS)
              Subject: Re: Aniak

              Good afternoon,

             Commissioner Monegan is enroute back to Anchorage and has asked me to forward some information to you re:
             Aniak situation which he received a short time ago:

             "Lt Mcdonald is landing in Aniak as we speak and will attend this meeting and start gathering information before
             the meeting. He has assured me that he will email us in the morning on how things went. I just don 't see that this
             will be anything more then a few folks venting personal issues using their positions on a council. This will backfire
             on them as it looks now. The 6 topic's are poorly written and documented. Frankly one of the complaints is a
             positive reaction to a call for service when a grandmother called about her concern of children at another family's
             residence. According to Trp Spencer, Sgt. Sheets so happened to be watching a PT that night and received the
             call. He called the Carl Morgan residence to see if things were OK there, since he couldn't leave because of the
             Prisoner's."

             We will continue to forward significant updates to you as they are received.

             Thank you,

             Cassandra Byrne
             Executive Secretary
             Department of Public Safety
             Office of the Commissioner

             Phone: 907.269.5086
             Fax: 907.269.4543
             Email: cassandra byme        laska gov

             "Public Safety through Public Service"




              8/28/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0012350
