Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 7:59 AM
            To:                      nelsonphotographic@yahoo.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent : Tuesday, February 19, 2008 11:21 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Jeff Nelson

            address: PMB 467 1120 Huffman Rd. suite 24 Anchorage AK 99515

             9073508565



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin

            I am truly amazed by the foresight of such leaders that had the audacity to believe in
            something bigger than themselves and to forgo public scrutiny & ridicule that came upon
            them for setting in motion the "Vision" that has helped secure the future of Alaska. I
            write this with pride overflowing as I ponder the many champions that have continued this
            great vision, and as we near the 5oth year of statehood I feel compelled to thank God for
            blessing this Great Land, and with the hope and expectation for execptional leaders, like
            you, to continue the vision into the future.



            P.S. Kinda sappy, but thats the way I see it.

            Thanks for your integity an exceptional leadership.



            Jeff Nelson



            nelsonphotographic@yahoo.com


                                                                  1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012335
