Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Guay, Gerald A (DEC) [gerry.guay@alaska.gov)
            Sent:                    Wednesday, February 20, 2008 8:57 AM
            To:                      Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
            Subject :                Contract negotiations


            We just had another Department employee leave the state , the fifth or sixth that I know
            of in the last 3 months. They left because the state no longer values its workers or pays
            them fairly.   You have the power to be fair or take responsibility for the loss of many
            well qualified employees.    Your decisions in the next couple of weeks may very well
            determine if the state has qualified employees to support the development of a gas
            pipeline.   You seem to feel that your workers will continue to work for nothing and will
            not strike to get a fair contract. You also seem to believe you can replace technical
            expertise with less than qualified staff ...... as a supervisor I call that " constant
            training not productivity ..... Either way the state pays thru the nose.

            This is what a recently departed employee said when I told them what the status of these
            negotiations was:

            "No, my pay is about 67% more than when I worked for the state, and about 125% more when
            adjust for cost of living. I also like the job-something new every day, and I'm
            responsible for all environmental and safety programs.

            5 %-3-3 isn't what we were hoping for, but it's a step up. It's a wash if you have to. work
            a 40-hour week though-just more work at about the same rate of pay. Nothing near
            competitive."




                                                                   1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012333
