Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1


              Unknown
               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Thursday, February 21, 2008 4:00 PM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: (Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 29



              From: iser-publications-bounces@Iists.uaa.alaska.edu [mailto:iser_publications-
              bounces@lists.uaa.alaska.edu] On Behalf Of ISER Research Announcements
              Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:56 PM
              To: ISER_Publications@lists.uaa.alaska.edu
              Subject: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 29

              ISER Research Matters is our effort to quickly let Alaskans know about research findings from the
              Institute of Social and Economic Research (ISER), at the University of Alaska Anchorage. We post these
              on our Web site and distribute them by e-mail. If you'd like to be removed from or added to our e-mail list,
              send us a message at ResearchMattersftyaa.alaska.edu

              Research Matters No. 29 . What Helps Small Businesses Succeed?
              February 21, 2008

              Starting a business in rural Alaska is hard but not impossible, as existing rural businesses around the
              state prove. So how do some people overcome the barriers created by small markets, remote location,
              high costs, and harsh climate, while many others fail? ISER researchers recently analyzed business
              license patterns to identify favorable community- characteristics and surveyed 196 business owners in 19
              small rural communities to ask what challenges they face and what could help more businesses succeed.
              We also did detailed interviews with 30 owners of current and former rural businesses.

              The research was sponsored by the Rasmuson Foundation, BP Exploration, Wells Fargo Bank, the U.S.
              Economic Development Administration, and the University of Alaska Foundation. What did business
              owners tell us?

                    Take a hard look at whether there 'll be enough demand for what you offer. Identify either a needed
                      service or an opportunity in a growing industry . Almost a third of the businesses in our survey
                      provided groceries, fuel, and general merchandise , and another third were in air transportation,
                      eating places , lodges, Alaska Native arts, and guiding for sport hunting and fishing.
                    Draw up a detailed business plan that accounts for all aspects of the business-expenses,
                      estimated cash flow, management and training of employees , and marketing strategies. Some
                      people told us their businesses had failed because they hadn 't understood how to estimate all their
                      likely expenses.
                    Get training in business planning , financial management, and day-to -day operations . A quarter of
                      the business owners said they could still use help managing their finances and dealing with other
                      aspects of day-to- day operations . They cited hiring and supervising employees , facing competition
                      from other businesses , getting and using new technology , and having sufficient cash flow to cover
                      expenses as ongoing challenges.
                    Government agencies and private organizations can best help small rural businesses by offering
                      more training in financial and operations management for both prospective and current owners and
                      improving rural telephone and Internet connections . One in five business owners said such training
                      and better Internet and phone connections would be the biggest help to them . About one in ten
                      said agencies could help by providing more financing for small businesses and by learning more
                      about the big and ongoing challenges rural businesses face.
              Besides what businesses told us , our analysis of community characteristics showed that the the cost of
              getting to a community ; access to scenic public lands, fisheries, or natural resources ; and a diverse
              population are the characteristics that most influence business success.

              See summa ry or full report

              For more information about rural business development , contact Christi Bell avvibes(aa.uaa.alaska.edu,
              executive director of the Center for Economic Development at ISER.




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0012369
