Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                       gov.sarah @yahoo.com
          Sent:                       Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:26 PM
          To:                         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                         Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Todd; Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Colberg; Talis
                                      J (LAW)
          Subject:                    Re: What is Happening??


          What a dumbass he is. His lies are ridiculous.

          Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From:   " Perry ,    Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris.perry@alaska.gov>




          pate: Thu, 21 Feb 2008 13:07:44

          To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

          Cc:"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)"
          <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>, fek9wnr@yahoo.com,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)"
          <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

          Subject: FW: What is Happening??




          FYI, from Halcro's website at the bottom of this email. Just wanted to give you a heads-
          µp in case it is brought up today; didn't want anyone to get blindsided since Tina learned
          of this from Senator Green's office. Sharon is aware and between her and Tina, we'll take
          care of it.




          From : Perry,       Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:55 PM

           To: Otto, Christina L (LAW); Austerman, Joseph M (CED ); 'kccole@mtaonline.net'; Nix,
          Raymond G (DNR); Lefebvre, Richard A ( DNR); Simons , Leta L (DNR)

           Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: RE: What is Happening??



          Tina/All-
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012366
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          This is really getting out - of-hand .  Something needs to be done to call him on this. He
          should not be allowed to defame people with outright lies .    If it's not corrected, then
          people that read it will not know otherwise .    I'm copying Sharon Leighow in on this.
          Sharon , bet he didn ' t call you to verify information like you asked him too.



          And, as Kristan already answered the CC legal counsel is still working for the
          corporation.



          As usual his facts are all wrong .       He got your name right and that was about it.



          Kris




          From : Otto, Christina L (LAW)

           Sent :   Thursday ,   February 21, 2008 12:41 PM

           To: Austerman , Joseph M ( CED); 'kccole@mtaonline . net'; Nix , Raymond G          ( DNR); Lefebvre,
          Richard A ( DNR); Simons , Leta L (DNR); Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)

           Cc: Barry , Elizabeth J (LAW)

           Subject : What is Happening??




          I was quietly plugging away on trying to finish my outline regarding the dissolution
          process when Ginger from Senator Green ' s office called and told me to take a look at
          Halcro ' s Blog . This is what it says:




          FLASH : Assistant Attorney General quits due to activity at Mat Maid



          We received the following two emails less than thirty minutes apart this morning regarding
          a breaking situation with Governor Palin ' s Creamery Board.

          Received at 10:43am

          Just an FYI on the Mat Maid situation. Tina Otto, Assistant Attorney General who has been
          handling all the new Creamery Board affairs is resigning. She had been trying to keep the
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0012367
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           5 Palin hand picked board members "coloring inside the lines" but is quitting because this
           bunch is running wild and doing things illegally. She does not want to get trapped by
           their wrongdoings after she has warned them that what they are doing is illegal. How many
           people fired or quitting will it take for this administration to realize her board is full
           of conflict of interest and law breaking? Is there no oversight at all?




           I think I still have a job. J Beyond that, I, of course, don't represent the Creamery
           Board.  Did the CC board make a decision to find new counsel? I can't even imagine what
           prompted this.




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0012368
