Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH)
          Sent:                    Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:51 PM
          To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
          Subject:                 Re: Governor Palin - . A-PIC


          Governor,  we did not direct her to you. I gave her my card in Palmer on Monday night.
          She asked how to make sure that you got to see it. I told her to give it to either or
          both of the commissioners, who were both attending that night, and to me.




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Cc: Irwin , Tom E ( DNR); Galvin , Patrick S         ( DOR); Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR); Balash , Joseph
          R (GOV)

          Sent: Thu Feb 21 12: 30:48 2008

          Subject: Re: Governor Palin - . A-PIC



          Pls ask gasline team what it was, specifically, they wanted me to work on with this
          person. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>



          Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2008 12:17:38

          To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Cc:"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)"
          <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
          <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

          Subject: FW: Governor Palin - . A-PIC




          Governor - This woman called the other day stating that she had

          approached the gas line team         ( commissioner 's) and they had told her to

          pursue this through you and that her idea was worth looking into. I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012370
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          have let Ms. Moore know that it has been received and delivered. Janice



          -----Original Message-----

          From: April Moore (mailto:aprilmoore@starband.net]

          Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 8:04 AM

          To: Mason , Janice L (GOV)

          Subject: Governor Palin - . A-PIC



          Dear Governor Palin,

                 My first thoughts, I bring this to you because time is short if

          this

          concept is to work. As we saw last night, the Federal government

          would like to direct how Alaska does business.        I am so frustrated

          with the notion that we have to hold out our hands and beg for money

          to build our roads and bridges! Our delegation in Washington has

          worked for decades to get money for the Knik Arm Bridge, just to have

          it shot down in a political fever and catch phrase Bridges To No

          Where.

               In a way we deserve it, because Alaskans, to date, have given up

          revenues that could have been ours , we could have had billions more for

          our oil.     But now is a new day.

               The following is just a rough idea, I know it needs the expertise you

          and your staff could work out.

              This has the potential to be bigger than the Permanent Fund.         It took

          a

          dynamic governor of that day to get it through.        You are just such a

          person, and I can see this as something that could be looked on in just

          the same light.      A HUGE leap froward for Alaskans and our Constitution!

              Feel free to let me know what you think would improve it.



              I would like to continue to be involved in this, and if we go forward,

          eventually serve on the board of directors.

              Thank you for your serious consideration.

                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0012371
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sincerely,

           April Moore




           ALASKA - PIPELINE INVESTMENT CORPORATION        A-PIC




              Acronyms are often the key to helping people promote a good idea.

           Take AGIA for example ... everyone in the state knows what that means,

           they don't actually know how it affects them , but it has a familiar

           sound and feels right .... The legislature agreed ,     and passed it.     Now we

           are all trying to figure out how it affects us , and getting GAS TO SOUTH

           CENTRAL..after all isn't that what we want!



              The current administration was elected for that very reason, the

           people wanted gas -'ALASKAN GAS for ALASKANS,        and after that we want our

           gas to get to market to ensure future generations of Alaskans

           have secure jobs and economic stability.



             The problem is, the only company that has submitted a bid under AGIA

           that has met all the requirements , will not be building it in state, as

           most of Alaskans want .... OUT go all those jobs , but worst of all, the

          value added economic stimulus that having the gas transported

           through a gas line built and OWNED by Alaskans would secure.



             That ' s right folks    - I propose that Alaskans form an ALASKAN PIPELINE

           INVESTMENT CORPORATION . The purpose of which is to build the pipeline

           from the North Slope, to Valdez.



              The core of this concept is:



           - Every man , woman, and child that is a legal residence of Alaska by

           December 31, 2008 would hold one share.
                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0012372
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           - Money now invested out side of Alaska, OUR MONEY would be brought

          home, and invested in a project that would multiply it many times over

           the way it is currently being invested.



           - Once gas is being transported through the pipeline, dividends over

          and above the Permanent Fund Dividend, would be paid to each Alaskan

          shareholder.



            - Just like with shareholders in native corporations,           these shares

          would be retained by the people they were issued to, or their heirs.



          - As with the ALYESKA PIPELINE Corporation, which was formed by the big

          oil companies to build the oil Pipeline, tariffs would be charged for

          all gas going through the pipeline, and paid out to all shareholders.

          The oil companies have, over the years, earned BILLIONS on the oil just

          because it was transported through their pipeline.



          - A-PIC shareholders would earn a yearly dividend on each cubic foot of

          gas transported through OUR pipeline!          This could be in the thousands

          of dollars each year.         35,000,000,000,000 - that's 35 TRILLION Cubic

          feet

          of known gas reserves being transported through OUR pipeline paying

          dividends to all shareholders. The current estimates being closer to

          240-260 trillion cubic feet.         Dividends could be a % of the revenue, the

          rest could be used much like current sources, some to the general fund,

          some to the permanent fund, and some in inflation proofing.



          - The new oil leases on Federal grounds in the Chukchi Sea will bring

        .little if any revenue to Alaska, unless we collect tariffs on gas going

          through OUR pipeline.



              ALASKANS the time is now! We can not afford to lose high paying

                                                              4




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0012373
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          jobs as just happened in Kenai with the closing of the Agrium plant!

          We

          can't afford the high cost of heating our homes , and we can 't afford the

          high electric bills brought about with declining gas reserves here in

          south central.      Most of all we can't afford to be at the mercy of the

          oil

          companies or even the federal government in developing our natural

          resources.



          A-PIC , building a pipeline for our future!



          April Moore

          Trapper Creek, Alaska




                                                          5
