Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 1 of I



               Unknown

                From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                Sent:     Wednesday, February 20, 2008 12:53 PM
               To:        Governor Sarah Palin
                Cc:       kris.perry@alaska.gov
                Subject: Senator McCain - CONFIDENTIAL


              Right on! It looks as if Senator McCain will be the presidential candidate of our
              party, but I can't think of many Alaska issues where he has been supportive over
              the years.

              We have made a concerted effort to reach him on ANWR but to no avail. While I
              understand his concern about the congressional earmarking process, it sometimes
              appears that he is singling out Alaska for special treatment.

              I think that the Republican Governor's Association will be responsive to your
              request. If not, we may have other ways to contact Senator McCain. For whatever
              it's worth, I agree with your premise that there needs to be some dialog between you
              and him before he can expect public support. I don't know that we will change his
              mind, but at least you may be able to develop a relationship that will inure to
              Alaska's benefit later on.

              ps: I sure hope that, next year, we can maintain the votes necessary in the Senate
              to sustain or threaten a filibuster on issues , such as ANWR wilderness legislation,
              that are inimical to Alaska's interests, because none of the current candidates for
              President seems to be empathic.




              8/24/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012362
