Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, February 21, 2008 11:23 AM
             To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: for your review



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Jackson, Karleen K (HSS)" <karleen.jackson@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Thu, 21 Feb 2008 11:14:31

             To:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Kim, Anna C (GOV)"
             <anna.kim@alaska.gov>,"Hill, Sherry (HSS)" <sherry.hill@alaska.gov>,"Kraly, Stacie L
             (LAW)" <stacie.kraly@alaska.gov>,ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Leschper , Beth (GOV)" <beth. leschper@alaska.gov>

             Subject : RE: for your review




             Thanks.    This looks great and I appreciate the updated number for lawsuits/appeals.




             From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 11:00 AM

              To: Kim, Anna C (GOV); Hill, Sherry (HSS); Kraly, Stacie L (LAW); Jackson,                     Karleen K
             (HSS); ExternalEmailgsp

              Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Subject: RE: for your review



             Final version to ADN has corrected # of lawsuits.




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012382
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From : Kim, Anna C (GOV)

              Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:59 AM

             To: Hill, Sherry (HSS); Leighow, Sharon W     (GOV); Kraly,   Stacie L ( LAW); Jackson , Karleen
            K (HSS ); ExternalEmailgsp

              Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Subject : RE: for your review



             I think after Stacie provided the info last night it was seven versus nine which was old
             info from me , until I heard from Stacie.



            Anna




            Anna Clark Kim

            Special Staff Assistant

            Office of the Governor




             ----------------



            From: Hill, Sherry (HSS)

              Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:56 AM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV); Kraly, Stacie L (LAW); Jackson, Karleen K
             (HSS); ExternalEmailgsp

             Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Subject: RE: for your review

              Importance: High



            I just noticed this sentence:

            Currently, there are seven active CON lawsuits




            Stacie - is this correct?

                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012383
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Do we want to have them say "there are more than seven"      so we aren 't specific? or do we
             want to say exactly how many there are?



             -Sherry



             Note my new e-mail address! Sherry.Hill@alaska.gov



             Sherry Hill, MScPR

             Assistant Commissioner for Public Affairs

             Alaska Department of Health and Social Services

             PO Box 110601

             Juneau, AK 99811-0601

             907-465-1618/cell 907-321-2838




             From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Sent : Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:40 AM

              To: Kim, Anna C (GOV); Kraly, Stacie L (LAW); Jackson,      Karleen K (HSS); Hill,       Sherry
             (HSS); ExternalEmailgsp

              Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Subject: for your review



            All,



             The Anchorage Daily News has significantly edited the CON op ed piece. while the piece is
             much shorter, I think it still conveys a strong message to repeal CON.



            The current Certificate of Need program is not working

            Governor Sarah Palin



            Health care: Do we have too much government or too little? Should we have regulated
            markets or open markets?




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0012384
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Those are the perennial questions.



             And that's what makes the state's proposal to repeal the current Certificate of Need (CON)
             program so contentious. Yes, there are solid arguments on both sides. But after much
             consideration, we believe that the program has not accomplished what it set out ultimately
             to do more than 30 years ago - lower costs for the consumer. It is time to end Alaska's
             CON program in its present form. Doing so will not only reduce the cost of health care, it
             will also improve the access to health care, allow more competition and improve quality of
             care for patients.



             CON programs were required in all states in the mid-1970s by federal mandate. The goal was
             to make sure that health care facilities matched community need and provided access and
             quality care, which in turn would help reduce health-care costs. The federal mandate was
             repealed in 1987 - 20 years ago! - along with its federal funding.



             The basic assumption in those days was that excess capacity, in the form of overbuilding,
             directly results in health-care price inflation. However , after more than 30 years of such
             programs, the National Conference of State Legislatures has found that there is no solid
             proof that the state-sponsored CON programs have actually controlled health-care costs. In
             fact, in 2004 the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice both asserted
             that CON programs actually contribute to rising prices because they inhibit competitive
             markets.



             Many opponents of CON programs have argued that health-care facility development should be
             left to the economics of each institution, in light of its own market analysis, rather
             than being subject to political influence.



             My administration agrees.



             I included repeal of Alaska's current CON program in my proposed Alaska Health Care
             Transparency Act (SB 245 and HB 337). The legislation will help Alaskans access affordable
             health care, and ensure our health-care system is responsive to changing demographics and
             market conditions. By getting information about health-care options to Alaskans, they can
             make better choices based on the health-care market.



            CON is being used by lobbyists and health-care organizations to limit competition -
            through appeal of other's CON awards or by filing suit against the state for those CON
            awards . As one member of a citizen committee studying CON in 2007 put it: "the only voices
            heard (testifying for continuing CON even more stringently) were from the financially
            vested physicians and hospitals." Currently, there are seven active CON lawsuits involving
            the state and private sector health care providers



            As I said recently in my State of the State Address to the Legislature, "Under our present
            Certificate of Need process, costs and needs don't drive health-care choices -
            bureaucracy does. Our system is broken and expensive." Eliminating the CON program, with
            certain exceptions, will allow free-market competition and reduce onerous government
            regulation.




                                                           4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012385
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sharon Leighow

             Deputy Press Secretary

             Deputy Communications Director



              (907)   269 - 7450 Anchorage

              (907)   465-4031 Juneau

              (907)   240-7943 cell




                                                         5
