Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:21 AM
             To:                      davidaholmesOO@yahoo.com
             Subject:                 RE: Environment


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:20 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Environment



             Web mail from: Mr. David Holmes

             address; 1113 West Fireweed Lane #405 Anchorage AK 99503

               907-351-8984




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin' s Esteemed E-mail Reader;

             Your Administration continues with this wolf "hunting" program, even after studies found
             that many of the biological relationships assumed in Alaska's predator control programs
             are not entirely understood and concluded that insufficient information exists to
             determine that such programs increase prey or game populations. Why? Alaska residents
             have voted twice to ban aerial wolf hunting, and most assuredly will again this year. Both
             times the Alaskan people voted against these control programs, the Alaska Legislature
             overturned the will of the people and allowed the State to re-create the programs after
             the two-year initiatives expired.  Again:  Why?

             It is as though your Administration is completely out of touch. Much like the ill-founded
             belief that the polar bear will simply adapt to the loss of sea ice and its natural
             habitats, the science just doesn't back up your position on the issue.

             So go back to the drawing board. Think these things all the way through. The wolf's
             survival is far more important to Alaska than the meager bits of money brought in by
             tourist-hunters.

             Best Regards,

             David Holmes




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012388
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             http://www.akwildlife.com/WhoEatsMoose.pdf




             davidaholmes00@yahoo.com




                                                          2
