Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown
                  From :    Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
                 Sent:      Thursday, February 21, 2008 2:30 PM
                 To:        gov.sarah@yahoo .com; 'Todd'
                 Cc:        Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: Phase 2 Governors House Water Pipe Replacement Project June 1- August 15, 2008

               Hello Governor and Todd,

               I met with the project managers, engineers and contractors to review the upcoming plumbing project I've
               attached a copy of a basic overview of Phase 2 of the Water Pipe Replacement Project and also copied it below.
               Please note that there are a couple of questions that I have in regards to the project . If you would like detailed
               information I can get copies of the plans and project schedule , if not I 'll have a set in the office . I'm happy to
               answer any questions or address any concerns that you may have.

               Thank you,
               Erika




               Erika Fagerstrom
               Executive Residents Manager
               Governor's House
               State ofA/aska, Offsa of the Governor
               716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
               Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax.. 907465-2031




               Phase Two Governor's House Water Pipe Replacement Project

               Project Dates
               Begin: June 2, 2008
               Completion: August 15, 2008

               Contractor : Silverbow Construction
               Subcontractor: Harri's Plumbing & Heating

               Contractor 's Request: To start project 1 '/2 weeks early Monday, May 26th.
               Please advise if this will work with your schedule as the last day of school in Juneau is Wednesday, May
               30th.

              Governor or First Gentleman 's Requests : Please let me know what rooms and floors are the
              priorities to have finished during the sheetrock/patch/repair phase of this project.

               Impact to the House
                  s Water shut down to the building during the entire project.
                  s Demolition for 1 h/2 weeks beginning with the basement and working up to the third floor.
                    Plumbing work is followed up with inspections, then sheetrock, patch and repairs.


               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012432
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                  . The House will not be livable, hotel/living accommodations would be arranged for the First
                    Family during their time in Juneau.


               Basement- garage, family room, shop, mechanical room
               1st Floor- Library and Ballroom
               2nd Floor- Master Bedroom closet, Master bath and Family Room bath
               3rd Floor- West & East Suite bathrooms, Linen closets.

               This is a tight schedule with many unknown factors that can cause delays to the project . During the first
               phase of the project contractors had to work around House events , including the Open House and other
               holidays where they did not have access to the House for at least 2 weeks . With these interruptions and
               unexpected work, phase one of the project was still completed very close to the scheduled completion
               date. During the second phase there will not be events scheduled at the House , as this phase is more
               invasive to the public and living areas and the water will be shut off to the entire building. Given the
               track record of the contractors work during phase one I don't foresee any major delays with phase two.




                8/26!2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0012433
