Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
           Sent:                    Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:18 PM
           To:                      Sarah Palin
           Cc:                      Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Galvin ; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash; Joseph R
                                    (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Governor Palin - . A-PIC


           Governor - This woman called the other day stating that she had approached the gas line
           team (commissioner's) and they had told her to pursue this through you and that her idea
           was worth looking into. I have let Ms. Moore know that it has been received and
           delivered.  Janice



           -----Original Message-----

           From: April Moore [mailto:aprilmoore@starband.net]

           Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 8:04 AM

           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Subject: Governor Palin - . A-PIC



           Dear Governor Palin,

                   My first thoughts, I bring this to you because time is short if this

           concept is to work. As we saw last night, the Federal government

           would like to direct how Alaska does business.                 I am so frustrated

           with the notion that we have to hold out our hands and beg for money

           to build our roads and bridges! Our delegation in Washington has

           worked for decades to get money for the Knik Arm Bridge, just to have

           it shot down in a political fever and catch phrase Bridges To No

           Where.

               In a way we deserve it, because Alaskans, to date, have given up

           revenues that could have been ours, we could have had billions more for

           our oil.      But now is a new day.

               The following is just a rough idea, I know it needs the expertise you

           and your staff could work out.

              This has the potential to be bigger than the Permanent Fund.                     It took a

           dynamic governor of that day to get it through.                 You are just such a

           person, and I can see this as something that could be looked on in just

           the same light.       A HUGE leap froward for Alaskans and our Constitution!
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0012427
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Feel free to let me know what you think would improve it.



              I would like to continue to be involved in this, and if we go forward,

            eventually serve on the board of directors.

              Thank you for your serious consideration.




            Sincerely,

            April Moore




            ALASKA - PIPELINE INVESTMENT CORPORATION      A-PIC



               Acronyms are often the key to helping people promote a good idea.

            Take AGIA for example... everyone in the state knows what that means,

            they don't actually know how it affects them, but it has a familiar

            sound and feels right.... The legislature agreed, and passed it.         Now we

            are all trying to figure out how it affects us, and getting GAS TO SOUTH

            CENTRAL..after all isn't that what we want!



               The current administration was elected for that very reason, the

            people wanted gas - ALASKAN GAS for ALASKANS, and after that we want our

            gas to get to market to ensure future generations of Alaskans

            have secure jobs and economic stability.



              The problem is, the only company that has submitted a bid under AGIA

            that has met all the requirements, will not be building it in state, as

            most of Alaskans want .... OUT go all those jobs, but worst of all, the

            value added economic stimulus that having the gas transported

            through a gas line built and OWNED by Alaskans would secure.



              That's right folks - I propose that Alaskans form an ALASKAN        PIPELINE

            INVESTMENT CORPORATION. The purpose of which is to build the pipeline

                                                           2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            from the North Slope, to Valdez.



               The core of this concept is:



            - Every man, woman, and child that is a legal residence of Alaska by

            December 31, 2008 would hold one share.



            - Money now invested out side of Alaska, OUR MONEY would be brought

            home, and invested in a project that would multiply it many times over

            the way it is currently being invested.



            - Once gas is being transported through the pipeline, dividends over

            and above the Permanent Fund Dividend, would be paid to each Alaskan

            shareholder.



             - Just like with shareholders in native corporations, these shares

            would be retained by the people they were issued to, or their heirs.



            - As with the ALYESKA PIPELINE Corporation, which was formed by the big

            oil companies to build the Oil Pipeline, tariffs would be charged for

           all gas going through the pipeline, and paid out to all shareholders.

           The oil companies have, over the years , earned BILLIONS on the oil just

           because it was transported through their pipeline.



           - A-PIC shareholders would earn a yearly dividend on each cubic foot of

           gas transported through OUR pipeline !        This could be in the thousands

           of dollars each year.         35,000,000,000,000 - that's 35 TRILLION Cubic feet

           of known gas reserves being transported through OUR pipeline paying

           dividends to all shareholders . The current estimates being closer to

           240-260 trillion cubic feet.        Dividends could be a % of the revenue, the

           rest could be used much like current sources, some to the general fund,

           some to the permanent fund , and some in inflation proofing.



           - The new oil leases on Federal grounds in the Chukchi Sea will bring
                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0012429
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            little if any revenue to Alaska , unless we collect tariffs on gas going

            through OUR pipeline.




                ALASKANS     the time is now! We can not afford to lose high paying

            jobs as just happened in Kenai with the closing of the Agrium plant!            We

            can't afford the high cost of heating our homes, and we can't afford the

            high electric bills brought about with declining gas reserves here in

            south central.     Most of all we can't afford to be at the mercy of the oil

            companies or even the federal government in developing our natural

            resources.



           A-PIC , building a pipeline for our future!



           April Moore

            Trapper Creek, Alaska




                                                            4
