Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 4


                Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, February 21, 2008 8:22 AM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: State Chamber Capital Notes February 20, 2008



                From : Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, February 20, 2008 6:07 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: State Chamber Capital Notes February 20, 2008

                Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                Capital Notes
                www.alaskachamber.com                                     Wednesday February 20, 2008

                1/3 of 90 Day Session Already Passed!
                Session is moving along at a much quicker pace than in previous years. Many staffers and
                legislators are rather frustrated with the accelerated pace and schedule of committee hearings,
                budget subcommittees and floor sessions. Both Legislative bodies have scheduled additional
                meetings with both bodies often working longer hours and on weekends. Working with the
                Senate Labor and Commerce Committee, State Chamber staff has already spent multiple
                Saturdays, working through complex issues surrounding unemployment insurance.

                Budget Subcommittees have been garnering the most attention of late. A number of the
                subcommittees held meetings all day Saturday and part of Sunday this past holiday weekend in
                order to close out their budgets. On the House side, final reports from budget subcommittees are
                due this week, with the full Finance Committee expected to wrap up the state's operating budget
                by the end of the week or early next week. Leadership in the House and the Senate are making it
                a priority to pass the operating budget early.

                Budget
                As proposed by Governor Palin, the state's operating budget is up considerably. Final numbers
                from the House and Senate will be available in coming weeks. Folks in the legislature are a little
                more conservative including many of the Democrats, who are advocating holding the budget
                firm with slight increases for inflation. Real wrangling will take place when legislators decide
                how much money to save and in which account. Expected surpluses as of the last revenue
                report, suggest that Alaska could have an additional $3.5 to $4 billion in surplus cash. The State
                Chamber has suggested saving money in the CBR while returning the budget to FY 06 numbe! rs
                with slight inflationary increases for each year afterwards.

                90 to 120 Days
                A few legislators have already mentioned a desire to change the 90-day session once the 2-year
                limitation on changing referendums ends. Expect legislation next year to return the legislature to
                the 120-day schedule.



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0012405
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 4



                Gasline
                As reported in our last capital notes section, we ended with, "It appears there is no clear resolution in
                sight." While this statement may still have some validity, we met with the Governor's office in order to
                get a better grasp of where the administration was going in regards to the Gasline. Under the previous
                administration, the focus was on putting together a simple contract with a few details mapped out, such
                as location of the gas, percentages for the state and how big the pipe was going to be, etc.

                As this administration has clearly pointed out, there are so many variables to consider currently, and into
                the future, that it is nearly impossible to determine the scope of a contract until those variables are
                identified. The process as the administration sees it- is that we have a potential company that is willing
                to proceed with the certificate to build the line. Gaining a certificate to build will get the ball rolling on
                the planning, permitting and scoping of the entire project. That process alone will likely take 5-6 years.
                As the state reaches the next bench mark of gaining a certificate of approval, then companies interested
                in building, paying and negotiating for cost differentials will be approached to determine the best step
                forward for the state. As the administration put it, "we have to go down this trail in order to determine
                which path to take. The folks further suggested that without making some headway, we won't be able to
                make a proper choice when the time presents itself.

                We look forward to the administration 's current progress, but we will keep a watchful eye as things
                develop.

                Governor Announces Town Hall Meetings on the AGIA Gasline Process
                Governor Palin's gasline team has scheduled a series of 16 public town hall meetings around the state
                February 18-28 to update Alaskans on the efforts that are being taken to advance a gasline under the
                Alaska Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA). The meetings are to provide information and encourage
                Alaskans to make their voices heard by submitting written comments before the March 6 public
                comment deadline.

                The town hall meetings will provide as much information as possible about how AGIA works, the
                applications that were filed under the Act and what will happen next. Following a presentation there
                will be a question and answer period.

                The presentation will provide an overview of AGIA and describe the process that was used to determine
                whether the five applicants met the requirements to be considered for a license under AGIA. Members
                of the gasline team will also explain the evaluation process required by AGIA and how public comments
                will be considered.

                The public is encouraged to submit written comments before the March 6 deadline, through the AGIA
                website, in writing or by fax. Details on how and where to submit comments are available at
                www.dog.dnr.state.ak.us/agia. The same website contains details about the meeting times and locations.

                All meetings will be from 6- 8 p.m. except for Barrow, which will be from 2-5 p.m. and Anchorage,
                which will be from 7 - 9 p.m. The remaining schedule of meetings follows:

                February 20
                Sitka - Harrigan Centennial Hall, Maksoutoff Room
                Kotzebue - NWAB Assembly Chambers
                McGrath - Cap'n Snow Center Assembly Room

                February 21


                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_ 0012406
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 3 of 4


                 Ketchikan - Cape Fox Lodge, Mountain Room
                 Nome - Old St. Joseph's Church Hall
                 Bethel - UAF Kuskokwim Campus , Yup'iit Piciryarait Cultural Center

                 February 22
                 Juneau - Centennial Hall, Hickel Room

                 February 25
                 Delta Junction - Community Center
                 Kenai - Kenai Peninsula College

                 February 26
                 Barrow : Inupiat Heritage Center
                 Dillingham - Dillingham Middle School Gymnasium

                 February 27
                 Fairbanks - Carlson Center
                 Kodiak - High School Commons

                 February 28
                 Valdez - Valdez Convention and Civic Center, Ballroom 1

                 State Chamber Annual Fly-In to hold Gasline Presentations
                 The State Chamber of Commerce is hoping as schedules are currently being configured to hold
                 presentations on the natural gas pipeline by the folks in the know. TransCanada, administration
                 representatives and a member of the legislature have all been invited offer their insights on the gasline
                 process. If all the folks invited can make it, the format should be interesting and informative for
                 Chamber memebrs that attend.

                 Unemployment Insurance-SB 120
                 The State Chamber has been working diligently with Sen. Johnny Ellis on SB 120 . SB 120 as originally
                 introduced would have raised employer 's contribution rates in order to increase the benefit payouts for
                 those eligible for unemployment insurance . This bill is similar in scope to legislation from previous
                 years in which we have continually been involved. After having multiple stakeholder meetings last
                 year and multiple committee meetings this year, the State Chamber along with other business interests,
                 have been able to reach an agreement on compromise legislation . Currently, the committee substitute
                 will cost employers zero new dollars while providing modest increases for unemployment insurance
                 (UI). The current UI program for disbursement of ! benefits uses tables that are close to 25 years in age
                 no additional dollars for inflation . It has been a real pleasure for the State Chamber in working with
                 Sen. Ellis and his staff to draft business friendly legislation.

                 We are ever watchful regarding bills that may have a negative impact on your business . Here is a short
                 list of bills with great potential to impact your business.

                HB 42 - Increases to Alaska Minimum Wage rate
                HB 65-Personal Information and Consumer Credit
                HB 125 - Long Range Fiscal Plan
                I-IB 147 - Tourism Contract Matching Funds
                SB 120-Unemployment Insurance
                SB 117-Presumptive Coverage for worker's compensation
                SB 245-Governor's Health care omnibus and certificate of need


                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0012407
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 4


                SB 147-Worker' s Compensation Employer Liability
                SB 160 - Mandated Health Insurance

                State Chamber of Commerce
                While there are a number of issues the State Chamber is working on, if there is an issue that is important
                to you and your business, please let the staff at the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce know of your
                concerns.

                Following Legislation?
                Any person can follow the legislative process and access new bills, committee substitutes or determine
                which legislator is on a particular committee in the Legislative Bill Action and Status Inquiry System
                (BASIS ). You can see what committee a bill is in, when it will be heard , how committee members
                voted, and much more . You can also view all bills relating to your specific areas of interest by selecting
                "Subject Summary " from the menu on the right . Just click on the link below and bookmark it for later
                use.
                 httn ·//www.legis .state.ak.us/basis/start.asn




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0012408
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Blank                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                 From :      Potter, Janet [Janet. Potter@usdoj.gov)
                 Sent:       Thursday, February 21, 2008 10:15 AM
                 To:         Juneau Chamber
                 Cc:         :; dkerr@coeur.com; Gary. Drou bay@Goldbelt.com; pgriffin@fs.fed.us; Johnson.Stephen@epa.gov;
                             Susan . L.Murphy@ usace.army. mil; Kevin. J.Wilson@ usace .army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV
                             sponsored); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Kate_Williams@stevens. senate.gov;
                             Nathan_Bergerbest@murkowski. senate. gov; Kevin.V. Ken nedy@mail.house.gov;
                          Connie _McKenzie@stevens. senate.gov
                 Subject: RE: Coeur Alaska Kensington Support Letter


                       Please send all correspondence to this e-mail address: supremectbriefs(Musdoi.gov
                       Thank you.



                       From: Juneau Chamber [mailto:jcc@alaska.com]
                       Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 1:31 PM
                       To: Potter, Janet
                       Cc: ':'; dkerr@coeur.com; Gary.Droubay@Goldbelt.com; pgriffin@fs.fed.us;
                       Johnson.Stephen@epa.gov; Susan.L.Murphy@usace.army.mil; Kevin.J.Wilson@usace.army.mil;
                       Governor@gov.state.ak.us; larry.hartig@ alaska .gov; Joe_Balash@gov.state.ak.us;
                       Kate Williams@stevens.senate.gov; Nathan_Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                       Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie^_McKenzie@stevens.senate.gov
                       Subject: Coeur Alaska Kensington Support Letter
                       Importance: High

                       Please see the attached letter.

                       RE: Petition for writ of certiorari in the case of Southeast Alaska Conservation
                       Council et al. v. US. Army Corps of Engineers et al, Case No. 06-35679 (9th
                       Cir., May 22, 2007).

                       From:

                   The Juneau Chamber of Commerce
                   3100 Channel Drive Suite 300
                   Juneau , Alaska 99801




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_ 0012409
