Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                 From:     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOWJ
                 Sent:     Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:47 PM
                 To:      Otto; Christina L (LAW); Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'Sarah Palin';
                          'fek9wnr@yahoo.com': 'Kristan@KristanCole.com'; Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
                 Subject: HOLY CRAP Retraction and apology




               From: Andrew Halcro [mailto:ahaicro@ptialaska.net]
               Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 3:44 PM
               To: Andrew Hakro
               Subject: Feb 21: Retraction and apology

               This afternoon we posted two different emails from sources associated with the dairy industry and
               Matanuska Maid who Informed us that a State's Assistant District Attorney resigned over improper
               conduct with regards to the Creamery Board.
               We have since been told the attorney did not resign.
               Governor Palin's Deputy Press Secretary sent us this email at 1:33pm.
               "Tina Otto, Assistant Attorney General for the State of Alaska, has not resigned. The Creamery
               Corporation has its own private counsel who continues to represent the corporation."
               We sincerely apologize for printing these emails which were not correct.
               In the past we have been fairly liberal about publishing emails from our sources at Matanuska Maid
               because they have always been spot on.
               Regardless , we take full responsibility for the posting and assure our readers that in the future we
               will no longer publish raw emails on any subject.
               While there is a fine line on blogs between opinion and fact, we strive to make sure our readers
               clearly understand where that line is with every biog.
               We failed your trust today and we apologize.
               Andrew




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0012436
