Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, April 21, 2008 2:12 PM
To:                     'fek9wn r@yahoo. com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats/State Health Care


Todd - This has been forwarded to Anna Kim - DOA (State Health Care) also. Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 11:23 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Natural-Resources



Web mail from: Ms. Dorothy Higginbotham

address: 12901 Mountain Place Anchorage AK 99516




MESSAGE:

Dear Governor,

Congratulations to you and your family for the new addition. You are one tough lady. I loved the
story of Trig's birth.



I read Wally Hickel's commentary in the ADN today. It was right on. We need to put money into our
economy now. We are small business owners and we know many more small business owners. We
are all struggling. A state owned gas line would be so beneficial to our state. There is an old saying
"you must spend money to make money". Now is the time to invest in our state. Just think what the
future could hold. We could even have natural gas vehicles that would be less expensive to run and
environmentally better. You are a "people" governor; could we have it on a ballot to see what the
people want?

Another issue that is needs desperate attention is health care. Sen. Hollis would like to see a
universal plan the would involve the small business owners to fund the majority of the cost. We are
suppling minimal health care for our employees. For 8-10 employees we are paying $80,000 a year.
                                                     1

                                                                                ROSTON 02207




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
This is for insurance with a $2,000 deductible and No vision, mental health and other exemptions.

Hear is a suggestion. Let all small business and individual's buy into the existing State health care
plan. If the insurance company will not allow it simply offer other companies to bid it. Charge us all
an extra amount and use the excess to help cover those who can not afford insurance. My family
pays $1400 per month for a family of 4. This is with a $4,000 deductible. The insurance company
doubles your deductible if you have more than one person on the plan. I would gladly pay $1400 per
month for State insurance. If I worked for the State it would cost $1000 for a MUCH better benefit
plan. That would be $400 a month back to the State for just letting me buy into the plan.

Thanks for your time. God Bless you and your family,

Dorothy Higginbotham



kraj42@gci.net




                                                  2                              ROSTON 02208




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
