Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov,sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, February 22, 2008 6:15 PM
             To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Kim; Anna C (GOV); Jackson; Karleen K (HSS)
             Subject:                 Re: Status of the Gov's Health Care Bill

             We need to stick with Keller on trying to get the repeal.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Tibbles , Michael A (GOV )" <mike . tibbles @ alaska.gov>



             Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2008 18:14:43

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

             Subject: FW: Status of the Gov's Health Care Bill




             Governor,



            The House Health & Social Services Committee is hearing our health care bill tomorrow
            morning 9:00 am. Anna and Stacy Kraly have met with all the committee members and there
            is a real interest in changing the CON process but still not for the full repeal. Wes
            Keller remains the only member on the committee supporting the full repeal.



             I am forwarding Anna's email
                                                  Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Red




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012446
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Mike




             From : Kim, Anna C (GOV)

              Sent :   Friday ,    February 22, 2008 1:57 PM

              To: Tibbles ,       Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Jackson , Karleen K ( HSS); Hill , Sherry ( HSS); Butler, Jay (HSS - CDC); Hogan , William H
             (HSS); Streur , William J ( HSS); Howdyshell , Cheryl H ( HSS); Kelly , Russell T (GOV);
             Rowland , Mindy B ( GOV); Kraly , Stacie L (LAW)

              Subject : Status of the Gov ' s Health Care Bill



             Mike,



             Stacie and I finished up our meetings with both Senate and House HESS committee members
             except for Rep. Fairclough and Senator Cowdery.  Attached is our spreadsheet with comments
             on what we heard from those members and short bullets from before for you and the
             Governor.



             Summary:

             They will not give the Governor the repeal .   They want a compromise that doesn ' t repeal
             but still adheres to the Gov ' s core principles such as increasing consumer choice, manage
             rising costs , using market forces to determine to respond to changes in demographics etc,
             putting health care in to the hands of doctors and not lobbyists and lawyers,



            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                 2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0012447
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            conclusion:
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Anna



             Anna Clark Kim

             Special Staff Assistant

             Office of the Governor




                                                                 3
