Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From:    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
                 Sent:     Thursday, February 21 , 2008 1:08 PM
                 To:        'Sarah Palin'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                  Cc:       Balash; Joseph R (GOV): Bailey ; Frank T (GOV); 'fek9wnr©yahoo .com'; Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: What is Happening??

               FYI, from Haicro's website at the bottom of this email . Just wanted to give you a heads- up in case it is brought up today;
               didn't want anyone to get blindsided since Tina learned of this from Senator Green 's office. Sharon is aware and between
               her and Tina, we'll take care of it.


               From: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
               Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:55 PM
               To: Otto, Christina L (LAW); Austerman, Joseph M (CED); 'kccole@ mtaonline.net; Nix, Raymond G (DNR); Lefebvre,
               Richard A (DNR); Simons, Leta L (DNR)
               Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: RE: What is Happening??

               Tina/AII-

               This is really getting out-of-hand . Something needs to be done to call him on this. He should not be allowed to defame
               people with outright lies. If Its not corrected , then people that read it will not know otherwise . I'm copying Sharon
               Leighow in on this . Sharon, bet he didn 't call you to verify information like you asked him too.

               And, as Kristan already answered the CC legal counsel is still working for the corporation.

               As usual his facts are all wrong . He got your name right and that was about it.

               Kris


               From: Otto, Christina L (LAW)
               Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2008 12:41 PM
               To: Austerman, Joseph M (CED); 'kccole@mtaonline.net.'; Nix, Raymond G (DNR); Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR); Simons,
               Leta L (DNR); Perry, Krlstina Y (GOV)
               Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW)
               Subject: What is Happening??

               I was quietly plugging away on trying to finish my outline regarding the dissolution process when
               Ginger from Senator Green ' s office called and told me to take a look at Halcro ' s Blog. This is what it
               says:

               FLASH : Assistant Attorney Genera ( quits due to activity at Mat Maid
               We received the following two emails less than thirty minutes apart this morning regarding a breaking situation with
               Governor Palin's Creamery Board.
               Received at 10:43am
               lust an FYI on the Mat Maid situation . Tina Otto , Assistant Attorney General who has been handling all the new Creamery
               Board affairs is resigning . She had been trying to keep the 5 Palin hand picked board members "coloring Inside the lines" but
               is quitting because this bunch is running wild and doing things illegally . She does not want to get trapped by their
               wrongdoings after she has warned them that what they are doing is illegal . How many people fired or quitting will it take for
               this administration to realize her board is full of conflict of interest and law breaking ? Is there no oversight at all?


               I think I still have a job. O Beyond that, I, of course, don't represent the Creamery Board. Did the CC
               board make a decision to find new counsel ? I can' t even imagine what prompted this.



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0012437
