Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From :   Barbara Williams [barbw.aiwa@gmail.com]
                 Sent:    Friday, February 22, 2008 3:10 PM
                 To:      Lisankie; Paul F (DOL); Smith; Lynne M (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: problems with information request
                Paul,
                I haven't been able to reach you to discuss this but i have had three injured workers request their
                annual reports. The staff in the division Susan 0ldacres, and Bob Briggs do not even know what
                an annual report is. I finally got Susun to go to Ted Burkhart to get one of the requested
                reports. Could you please explain it to your staff. Also we are interested in knowing if the
                regulation has changed that would prevent injured workers from seeing and obtaining their
                annual reports. Thank you for your assistance in this matter. It would also be helpful if the
                division staff knew about the information within the division. It is ver common to be turned
                down for various request. I also have to describe to them who may have the information and that
                it has been requested before. Some times I even have to describe certain book shelves and books
                contained in the division that hold some of the information. It would be helpful for the staff to
                know about these things also when people need information from the division. Just the other day
                a person needed certified documents, we had to explain what certification of documents was and
                how it was done. I really thought that the division staff was trained in this stuff. Also while on
                the subject, subpoenas are hard to obtain because no one wants to sign them and they seem
                unsure if they should be issued. If people cannot get the information they need for their cases it
                does appear that due process is in tact. Due process is derailed in many ways and these are just a
                few. There are many more. If any of you really want to meet and discuss these and other issues
                please contact us so that we can have meaningful discussion.
                Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

                Sincerely,
                Barbara Williams




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPOI_0012454
