Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday , February 22 , 2008 10:32 AM
             To:                      Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: [usdic) SPECIAL EVENT- Podcasting : What does it take?




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Sandy LaPlante [mailto:slaplante@mindspring.com]

             Sent: Friday, February 22, 2008 6:41 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: [usdlc) SPECIAL EVENT- Podcasting: What does it take?




             PODCASTING : WHAT DOES IT TAKE?

             FREE SPECIAL EVENT



             For a version of this announcement in color , click here:

            http:// www.ins-design . com/usdlc / usdlcnews - podcasting.html



            Mark Your Calendars!

            Tuesday

            February 26, 2008

            7pm EST



            Podcasting is the hottest tech tool in education these days but what does it take to do
            it?  Can non - geeks join the fun?



            Find out on Tuesday, February 26, at 7 pm EST when you have an opportunity to meet with
            Bill Lovin , known as "North Carolina Schools' Videographer " since he's filmed
            documentaries in classrooms and schools for over twenty years and the founder of
            EstuaryLlVE , a live , interactive webcast field trip to coasts around the country .      Bill is
            also the builder of the Bookhenge on NC State ' s Wolf lands Island in Second Life .     We will
            use the conferencing capabilities there to meet .     Search for " NC State Wolf lands " to find
            the island and head to the Bookhenge .   You can ' t miss it.



            For non-Second Life citizens ,      listen to the Internet Radio stream at

            http:// 64.34 .173.110: 8050 and chat with us at

                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012455
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            www.ghatmaker.net/chatap/ rooms /livepodcast



            This session is a special event planned for the "Learning and Teaching with Web 2.0
            Tools" course offered by the New Literacies Collaborative (Friday Institute at NCSU, NC
            DPI, and NC's Center for 21st Century Skills), but there's plenty of technology here so
            everyone can join us. Bill is developing a Second Life Island for USDLC and a module for
            USDLC's Literacy to Learn on podcasting so this will be a great preview.



            To learn more, contact Cris Crissman at ccrissma@dpi.state.nc.us.



            Bill Lovin, Videographer, Marine Grafics, specializes in Underwater, Natural Science, and
            Environmental Media Production. He has filmed in over fifty countries around the world
            producing programs for broadcast, non-profit, and educational markets. Also, a technology
            visionary, he was honored by The Tech Museum of Innovation in 2002 as an Intel
            Environmental Award Tech Laureate for his creation of EstuaryLlVE, www.estuarylive.org.



            USDLC is a nonprofit, multi-state educational consortium committed to excellence in
            teaching and learning through blended technologies.  USDLC is dedicated to ensuring that
            all students and educators, regardless of circumstance or geographic location, have
            equitable access to high quality education opportunities,

            www.usdlc.org

            888-828-7352

            info@usdlc.org



            To unsubscribe to this eNewsletter, email info@usdlc.org with "unsubscribe" in the subject
            line.

            To join this listserv: Email join-usdlc@lists.dpi.state.nc.us and include within the body
            of the email your name/school/district.




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0012456
