Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2




                Unknown

                From :      Lloyd, Denby S (DFG) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=DSLLOYD]
                Sent:       Friday, February 22, 2008 3:46 PM
                To:         'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                Cc:         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Saxby; Kevin M (LAW); Katz; John W (GOV)
                Subject : RE: Heads Up-Attorney Client-Wolves/Caribou

              Oops; of course I meant Board of Game in the first sentence below. DL.


              Denby S. Lloyd
              Commissioner
              Alaska Department of Fish and Game
              P.O. Box 115526
              Juneau, AK 99811-5526
              907-465-4719




              From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
              Sent: Friday, February 22, 2008 3:42 PM
              To: 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Saxby, Kevin M (LAW); Katz, John W (GOV)
              Subject: Heads Up--Attorney Client-Wolves/Caribou

              Governor.
              As you know, the Department of Fish and Game and the Board of Fisheries are currently engaged in predator
              (wolf) control plans that involve public permittees using aircraft in five areas in the state . These are associated
              with implementation of the intensive management law (and the same-day airborne law).

              There is also statutory provision (AS 16.05.783 (e)) for employees of the department to be directly involved in
              predator control, using aircraft (including helicopters), if authorized by the board of Game or the commissioner.

              The Board of Game is meeting in Fairbanks beginning February 29, and lasting through March 10. One
              discussion item will be development and implementation of an additional predator control plan to assist caribou
              calf survival in the South Alaska Peninsula herd (near the Port Moller area). The situation for the SAPCH is
              extreme, and the plan would likely entail department employees deployed in helicopters during a two-week period
              just after calving (e.g., June 1 - 15) to remove any wolves that would threaten to prey on the calves during this
              particularly vulnerable period. This is more like a biological emergency than a general attempt to increase prey
              abundance. And, there is no readily available public in the area to conduct effective efforts.

              I believe that this is an instance where the departments judgment is called for, and I am prepared to exercise that
              judgment based upon biological guidance from our wildlife management experts, discussions with the Board of
              Game, and legal advice from our AG's office. I do not believe that you as Governor need to be directly involved in
              the decision-making. But, of course, even this proposed plan will generate controversy and questions about
              whether or not you support such an exercise. I remember last spring you asked rhetorically, "Why do I have to
              make these decisions?" In this case, Governor, I believe you do not need to make the decision. However, I want
              to make sure you are comfortable with the possibility, and also with having me as commissioner exercise this
              judgment and authority.

              Attached is a more detailed summary of the situation. Unless I hear differently, we will be presenting this plan to
              the Board of Game at the end of this month (actually, early in March). Once it is presented to the Board, it is
              public.




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


              Please let me know if you have objections or specific concerns.

              Thanks, DL.


              Denby S. Lloyd
              Commissioner
              Alaska Department of Fish and Game
              P.O. Box 115526
              Juneau, AK 99811-5526
              907-465.4719




               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0012469
