Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N=J R GALAS H]
           Sent:                    Saturday, February 23, 2008 4:32 PM
           To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Tibbles; Michael A
                                    (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 Fw: Exxon's PTU Proposal


           Steve's response...




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Steve Porter <stevenbporter@gmail.com>

           To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Feb 23 16:28:03 2008

           Subject : Re: Exxon's PTU Proposal



           Joe,



           i agree with you about expectations from the governor. I don't expect her to be perfect
           every time. I also figured she did not have time to be briefed otherwise she would not
           have stumbled over the DNR process . My only concern was that she sounded adversarial
           enough about the proposal that I thought the administration/ DNR were . considering rejecting
           it before it even got a chance of a thorough review. That is really my only concern.



           Regarding the 3.5 bcf/d pipeline - my point was, without. Point Thomson a 3.5 bcf/d
           pipeline is what you will get. - in essence the wrong size pipe . When Point Thomson does
           come on-line it ends up taking up cheap expansion space in a smaller pipe instead of
           participating in the first open season allowing TransCanada to build a larger pipe which
           would allow for a lot more cheaper expansion for future explorers.



           Regarding issues being worked out in the next couple of months, there are a couple of
           issues I think can be worked out in the next couple of months and Point Thomson is one of
           them. Exxon has submitted a Plan of Development. DNR normally would be able to review the
           plan and respond in that amount of time. Luckily the court also put a deadline on DNR so
           that they will be required to come to a decision in a reasonable amount of time.



           With the Point Thomson issue behind us we will be able to focus on the main issue which is
           what can the state do the enhance the likelihood of a successful open season.



           By the way my initial briefing to her the night before would have been the one I wrote to
           you. Five minutes after I read the POD I could have sent you that message , in fact I
           almost did. It is pretty straight forward analysis and political strategy. For her it was
           just a missed opportunity.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0012475
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Steve




           On Sat, Feb 23, 2008 at 3:27 PM, Balash, Joseph R (GOV) <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:




                   Steve,



                 I have not had a chance to listen to the governor's press availability so I am not
           sure what is troubling you. However, I can tell you that there has been limited
           opportunity for the DNR team to review and brief the commissioner, never mind the
           governor.  There was an initial review the night it came in and then we hit the road for
           the townhall meetings.  I don't see how she can be expected to provide the type of
           comments you suggested without the benefit of such briefing.



                 Another thing I can tell you with confidence is that Exxon will absolutely get an
           opportunity to present their remedy with fair consideration .  But you have hit the nail
           squarely on the head with regards to one of the difficult questions the commissioner will
           have to answer : can we take Exxon at their word? I' m glad I don 't have to make that
           decision.



                 As for sizing the pipeline, my reading of the TransCanada application suggests that
           they would consider 3.5 bcf/d in commitments a successful open season. I think we have
           talked about this previously.  The volume committed by each company matters, sure, but so
           does the term. As Cathy foerster said to the resources committee in the senate,   PBU can
           supply that without much problem. As you and I both know, however, that volume can't be
           sustained for 15 years let alone the 25 years the initial recourse rates are likely to
           require. There will have to be other sources of supply necessary and PTU can one of those
           sources.  Its too bad that Exxon and BP haven't been exploring in NPR-A like Conoco. If
           they had, they might be better positioned to participate in the open season.



                 Undoubtedly, there are a whole bunch of big, moving parts that need to be
           coordinated and PTU is one of them. I just hope you aren't expecting them to be worked
           out in the next two months.. .1 hope we can agree that is an unrealistic expectation.



                   Joe




                   ----- Original Message -----

                   From : Steve Porter < stevenbporter@gmail.com>
                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012476
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

                   Cc: Wilken, Jessica M (GOV)

                   Sent: Sat Feb 23 14:15:29 2008

                   Subject: Exxon's PTU Proposal



                   Joe,

                  I listened to the Governor's press availability a couple of times and read Wes Loy's
            ADN article regarding Exxon's Point Thomson Unit proposal. I want to make sure the
            governor understands what DNR requested in their Director's decision regarding the 22nd
            POD and what Exxon proposed most recently. Basically what Exxon proposed far exceeds what
            DNR requested and what DNR represented to the court it needed from a Point Thomson POD.
            The governor's statement sounded like she did not understand that the state stood up to
            Exxon and won.



                  She missed the opportunity to claim victory. Weeks or months from now when DNR
            approves Exxon's plan it will be old news. She could have said,"It looks like Exxon
            finally listened to the State and proposed a plan to produce Point Thomson. The Exxon
            proposal is in response to a deadline from the court process. Without taking them to court
            we may never have seen this proposal. We are still concerned that Exxon will perform what
            it proposes. DNR will hold a hearing on the proposal on March 3rd. They will make the
            decision if the plan is sufficient and if they can be assured that Exxon will perform what
            it proposes. ......".



                  It is clear from talking to Exxon that they will perform what is in the plan. This
            proposal not only gives DNR what it requested from Exxon, it allows Point Thomson to be
            ready to show up to a binding open season within a couple of years.



                  I heard Kurt Gibson respond to someone recently in response to the AG's office
            saying that Point Thomson litigation won't be settled until 2010 or 2011, he said that
            first gas is about 10 years away and Point Thomson will certainly be [tattled by then. (not
            his exact words but the intent of his words). The impression he left was that Point
            Thomson litigation is not a problem, but he is wrong.

                  The real Point Thomson question is will it be ready for the first binding open
            season prior to the submittal of the FERC application . Someone is forgetting that the size
            of the pipeline will be determined by the binding open season . You end up with a different
            size pipe if you only have Prudhoe Bay gas to commit to the binding open season . If any of
            the DNR folks tell you differently they will have to make suggestions that can easily be
            refuted.

                 One of my biggest concerns with an open season, which I have not talked about
           publicly, was Point Thomson. For a 4.5 bcf/d pipeline to be a reality, we need both Point
           Thomson and Prudhoe Bay to show up at the open season . Exxon's proposal gives the state
           what it needs and gives the TransCanada a chance for success at their open season.

                 If the state finds a way to snatch defeat out of the jaws of victory, there can
           still be a successful open season, but it will just require a smaller pipeline and less
           value to the state, - not a good way to maximize the benefits to the people of the state.

                 As you can tell from this e-mail, I think that the Exxon proposal is a good
           solution. The state needs to assure itself that Exxon will perform what it proposes, but
           beyond that, this meets everything the state told the court it needed. I have negotiated
           with Exxon many times and when the say they give you an unconditional commitment to
           perform, they will do it.
                                                             3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0012477
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Please convey my concerns to the governor . I would be glad to talk to you or her or
           DNR any time you want regarding this issue either from a legal or project standpoint.



                 Jessica asked me to cc her on this e-mail ; so, I have done so. She is trying to make
           sure my communications get to you while you are on the road. Good job standing up to Exxon
           and getting a reasonable plan for moving forward.

                  Thanks for considering my thoughts.

                  Steve Porter




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012478
