Unknown

From :                  Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Monday, April 21, 2008 2:14 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats


-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state.ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 10:57 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Debbie Pressley

address: 1915 Euharlee Road Kingston GA 30145

770 713 9863



MESSAGE:

Congratulations on the Birth on Your Son!!! God chose you and your Husband to take Special Care
of this Most Precious Child..You know HE doesnt give these special babies to just anyone!!! I was
 Blessed with the Birth of my son Zach on June 4th 1989, and my life has changed in a way It never
would have with out Zach . He has taught our family more than we could have imagined !! He is a
junior in a local high school here in Cartersville Georgia and just went to his School Prom last week at
Fern Bank in Atlanta with his girlfiend of 4 years!

I remember looking back when he was born wondering if he would ever walk and talk?..shows you
how ignorant I was..He now has a Successful MonaVie Business and is breaking records every day!!

First & Foremost treat him the same way you do your other Children as they all are gifts from GOD!
He will need you to Lovingly Nudge him every step of the Way-and never underestimate his
Abilities!! Your other children will learn more from him than they ever knew.

God Bless your Family and Congratulations on your Extra Special ARRIVAL!!! If you ever need a
place to stay in Atlanta, give us a call!!!

To learn about Zach's Business you can click on: oj,v:v.mymonavie.com/zachsharesmonavie

Darrell & Debbie Pressley 770 713 9863

Zach Coombe
                                                    1                              ROSTON 02210




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
monavie4evre1 @yahoo.com




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
