Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From :    Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
                Sent:     Friday, February 22, 2008 12:55 PM
                To:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
                Cc:       gov. sarah@yahoo.com
                Subject: SB 201 Online Checkbook

              Division of Finance Director Kim Garnero related this to me:

              Second topic - Michelle Sydeman of Senator Wielechowski's office told me yesterday that Governor Palin
              recognized her as his staffer, pulled her aside , and told Michelle that she (the Governor) believes this
              transparency into government (SB 201 ) should be passed as law.

              As an FYI, I had advised Senator Wielechowski that I believed his bill to be redundant
              to the effort already underway. We are sorting through the confidentiality issues still
              with the Online Checkbook, and legislation at this point might be premature until we
              sort all of that out. In addition, as new types of information become available in the
              future, the State will have to amend the law to include (or not) those types of
              information.

              I just think it will be hard for the State to walk away from providing information
              publicly once the public gets used to using it. But, if the Governor's position is that
              she supports the legislation, I will work with Senator Wielechowski's office to try to
              make it a bill that won't constrain our abilities in the near future.

              Kim also said South Dakota is wrestling with the issue and she has been contacted
              to explain our low-tech, low-cost approach. More and more people are becoming
              aware of the Online Checkbook, and Kim is contacted sporadically by Alaska
              reporters trying to figure out how to sort. I can imagine that means that there will be
              a story or two in' the future, as we all thought would happen.
              ak




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0012471
