Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, April 21, 2008 2:16 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo. com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 10:53 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Rick Dill

address : PO box 11 New Almaden CA 95042




MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin



Congratulations on the birth of your new son, Trig I'm the dad of Janet who is now 35 and a delight
to her family and those who get to know her.. Those with down syndrome bring much to both their
families and also to the world.



Janet is living as independently as she can. She has her own apartment where she lives with only a
few hours a week of life skills help. She spends two days a week in a workshop where she takes
classes and has social contact with peers like herself. Three days a week are spent working in a day
program for people more disabled than herself. She is able to help difficult clients one-on-one,
something that cannot be afforded using the paid staff and has significantly improved the life of one
individual who is deaf, mute, wheelchair bound, but still very much a person.


                                                   1                            ROSTON 02212




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
At this stage she is financially independent living off of social security, helped with section 8 housing
support, has medicare and medicaid, has state support for life skills help, and uses the same
transportation system available to the elderly and physically handicapped. Medicare and medicaid
brought her through a bone marrow transplant a few years ago which saved her life.



Weekends she is often home with her parents. Right now she is downstairs cooking popovers to
share with me for brunch. Later we will go off on a 6 or so mile hike in the hills nearby. Her quality of
life is excellent.



Trig will be different because down syndrome is given to individuals and like the rest of the
population, they are all different. It will be wonderful seeing this child grow bringing to the family
things that his siblings just can't.



Rick Dill .. dad and ski buddy to Jan



Hope you will sometime to take part in the on-line community. More about Jan from two years ago
at:

http://www.active.com/donations/fundraise_public.cfm?key=JanDil



rdill@cyburban.com




                                                     2                                 ROSTON 02213




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
