Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Monday, February 25, 2008 7:50 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                  Fw: Latest Hamel Letter




           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: " Slemons, Jonne D (DNR)" <jonne.slemons@alaska.gov>



           Date : Mon, 25 Feb 2008 07:34:12

           To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject : FW: Latest Hamel Letter




           Re: Latest Hamel Letter



           Trying again ---




           From: Slemons , Jonne D (DNR)

            Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 7:30 AM

           'To: gov. sarah@yahoo .com ; Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford, Marty K
           (DNR); Thompson , Mike (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

           -Cc: Persily, Larry A (GOV)

            Subject : RE: Latest Hamel Letter



           Governor,

           In answer to various issues raised in a-mails this morning:



           1.          Re a meeting with Chuck Hamel:

           KP 1iv      and wor ks in Alexandria , Virginia - j ust outside of Washing ton D . C. Privileged or Per
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                  I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0012518
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            2.       TAPS/SR:  Mr. Hamel's latest letter is focused entirely on the TAPS system,
            specifically the Strategic Reconfiguration (SR) project which has been in work for some
            time.  Mike Thompson, State Pipeline Coordinator and engineer Louis Kozisek are completely
            familiar with both the TAPS and the SR project. The PSIO has therefore not been involved
            in the research or responses on these topics, but nonetheless I have reviewed and support
            the information in Commissioner Irwin's letter.



            3.      To clarify:  Bruce references Tom Bewak below. Mr. Bewak has raised issues
            relative to pipe construction at Milne Pt., which the PSIO has investigated. That
            investigation is concluded, and the final report will be posted shortly. [It has no
            relation to the issues raised by Chuck Hamel relative to the TAPS/SR project.)



           4.      Budget Request for four PSIO positions:    The PSIO has been performing
           investigations and looking into allegations of problems relative to the soundness of our
           oil and gas systems since Day 1. We've been doing this work conscientiously, but not in
           the robust manner that we would like. Frankly, we are hard-pressed, with current
           staffing , to address these issues -- and have done so at the expense of overall program
           development.   Should an emergency occur, or huge system integrity issue come to our
           attention, it would be very difficult for the PSIO to respond adequately. I appreciate
           your support for these positions, and hope that the final budget decisions will fund them.



            I'm happy.to answer any further questions -- My cell is            Privileged or ^


           Donne Slemons

            Petroleum Systems Integrity Office Coordinator

           Division of Oil and Gas

           Alaska Department of Natural Resources

           550 W . 7th Ave.,     Ste. 800

           Anchorage, AK 99501

           Ph:    907-269-8806

           Fax:    907-269-3484




           From : Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

            Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 6:36 AM

            To: ExternalEmailgsp; Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Slemons, Jonne D (DNR);
           Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Thompson, Mike (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012519
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Cc: Persily, Larry A (GOV)

            Subject: RE: Latest Hamel Letter




           Governor,




           Vnfortunately, the Hamel letter is a pdf, and cannot be pasted. Hamel is in DC, as far as
           I know.  Jonne will be in the office in 30 mins, and will provide a more detailed report
           to this group then, including a summary of the Hamel letter.




           In short, the PSIO has been persistently working on this investigation (given its staffing
           limitations), and pushing BP very hard.. PSIO has completed a thorough
           technical review that yields a defensible and final conclusion to the issues raised by Tom
           Bewak, and the final section of the report, an addendum addressing materials traceability,
           will be completed in the next day or two. We'll send it to Mr. Bewak directly and post it
           on the PSIO website.




           As I mentioned , Jonne will provide a more thorough sit rep shortly . After hearing that
           info, you may decide that it makes sense to meet with Mr. Hamel (I assumed that's why you
           asked where he is)




           Bruce




           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent : Mon 2 / 25/2008 5:08 AM
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            To: Katz, John W (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Slemons, Jonne D
           (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Thompson, Mike (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

            Cc: Persily, Larry A (GOV)

            Subject : Re: Latest Hamel Letter



           I cant open his letter on blkberry, could u cut and paste it? Is Hamel here in DC?

            Sent from my_BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " John Katz " < jwkatz @ALASKADC.org>



            Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2008 08:51:33

            To:"Bruce F (DNR) Anders" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>,"Joe Balash"
           <.joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Jonne D (DNR) Slemons" <jonne.slemons@alaska.gov>,"Marty
           Rutherford" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Mike (DNR) Thompson"
           <mike.thompson@alaska.gov>,"Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Larry Persily" <lpersily@ALASKJ C.org>,"Governor Sarah Palin" .<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Latest Hamel Letter




           Per Chuck Hamel's request, I have attached his latest correspondence to Congressmen
          Dingell and Rahall seeking to rebut Commissioner Irwin's earlier letter to the House
          Energy Committee.



            I would be glad to discuss whether we should respond, and, if so, how.



            P. S.

           Governor, in a voice mail message , Mr. Hamel expressed his desire to meet with you during
          your DC trip.




                                                               4




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0012521
