Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown
                  From:    Bob Martin [bob.martin@GoIdbeIt.com]
                  Sent:    Monday, February 25, 2008 12:09 PM
                 To:       andora@nushtel.net; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); George
                           Cannelos; Strandberg; Jim (AIDEA); Harper; Michael C (AIDEA); D-J-Bouker; Henry Strub; Olson;
                           Donny (LAA); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Salmon; Woodie W (LAA); Nelson; Mary (LAA); Mike Bradner;
                           Tim Towarek; bbtimes@nushtel.com
                 Cc:       Greta Goto; Ev; Heinze; Harold C (JPO); Tony Izzo; Green; Lyda N (LAA); Harris; John (LAA); Pres.
                           Hamilton; Chancellor Steve Jones; Bernice Joseph; Debbie McLean; Meera Kohler; Todd
                           Radenbaugh; Rebekah Luhrs; Julie Kitka; George Quinto; RuralCap; AITC; Earle Ausman; Notti; Emil
                           R (CED); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Ralph Andersen; Steve Denton; Steve
                           Lindbeck; Steven Angasan; Eddie Angasan; Mary Jane Nielsen; Ted Angasan; Moses; Aleknagik;
                           Malcolm B Roberts; Kyle Von Bose; drumsnews@gci.net; editor/Juneau Empire;
                           editor@newsminer.com; fgerjevic@adn.com
                 Subject: RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid and Constructing an Alaska State-Wide Energy
                          Grid
                 Nels,
                           As I indicated at our last meeting, the Anchorage Bowl and perhaps the whole Railbelt is facing an
                 energy. crisis that could easily become a disaster of untold size. The Bowl not only uses natural gas to
                 generate most of their electric power, they use gas to heat their facilities. When the gas is gone, most
                 facilities will have no alternatives to lean on. Susitna is decades away. Healy clean coal plant could
                 restart but given the extent of the shortage, would only fix a small part of the problem. Moreover, most if
                 not all heating units cannot be replaced with electric heat if there is no electricity, and probably are not
                 easily convertible to oil-fired furnaces. Anchorage is looking the devil in the eye and should be taking
                 immediate steps to address this issue.

                          I bring this up because Anchorage will need all of the resources available in your area-and in
                 other rural areas-and they will need it soon. All that is lacking, is "a road to market" in the form of
                 interties such as you suggest.

                        You have been advocating for a statewide energy policy for years-a voice "crying in the
                 wilderness"-and have been largely ignored. Now facing an energy crisis, there seems to be only half-
                 hearted efforts to fix it. This is not the time for half hearted efforts. What is happening in the rural
                 communities will soon be happening in the Railbelt. I .cannot even begin to conceive the ramifications.

                         This issue was also the subject of an editorial in the last"Alaska Journal orCommence:anTwas
                 reprinted in today's "Juneau Empire."

                                       Bob Martin, Jr., PE
                                       VP of Operations
                                       907-790-1430 direct
                                       907-723-4562 cell
                From : Nels and Dorothy [mailto:andora@nushtel.net]
                Sent: Saturday, February 23, 2008 8:21 AM
                To: Governor Palin; Lt. Governor Parnell ; Bob Martin; George Cannelos; James Strandberg; Mike Harper;
                D-J-Bouker; Henry Strub; Senator Donny Olson; Sen. Albert Kookesh; Rep. Woodie Salmon ; Rep. Mary
                Nelson ; Mike Bradner; Tim Towarek; BB Times
                Cc: Greta Goto; Ev; Harold Heinze; Tony Izzo; President Lyda Green ; Speaker John Harris; Pres.
                Hamilton; Chancellor Steve Jones; Bernice Joseph; Debbie McLean; Meera Kohler; Todd Radenbaugh;
                Rebekah Luhrs; Julie Kitka; George Quinto; RuralCap; AITC; Earle Ausman; Commissioner Emil Notti;
                Commissioner Tom Irwin; Dep. Commissioner Marty Rutherford; Ralph Andersen ; Steve Denton; Steve
                Lindbeck; Steven Angasan ; Eddie Angasan; Mary Jane Nielsen; Ted Angasan ; Moses; Aleknagik; Malcolm
                B Roberts; Kyle Von Bose; Tundra Drums; editor/Juneau Empire; Editor-News Miner; Editors/Frank
                Gerjevic



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012535
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4


                 Subject: RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid and Constructing an Alaska State-Wide Energy
                 Grid
                 Importance: High

                 Feb 23, 2008

                 Dear Governor Palin:

                 I sent this email to Senator Hoffman and Rep. Edgmon asking them to expand the scope of the Railbelt
                 Electrical Grid Authority Study.

                 It has become clear to me that the shortest distance to energy security for our villages is an electric line
                 that connects us to the Railbelt Energy Grid and a yet-to-be constructed Alaska State-Wide Energy Grid.

                 Our energy policy needs to advocate that our regions across the state begin plans to build regional
                 electrical energy grids. Then we should be working on a policy that will have the state planning and
                 building an Alaska State-Wide Energy Grid that will ensure that all of our communities across the state
                 will have a long-term, affordable, reliable source of energy.

                 We have vast renewable and nonrenewable resources all across the state that can contribute electrical
                 power to' a State-Wide Energy Grid. The Northwest has immense coal supplies, we have geothermal.
                 resources all along the Alaska Range and Aleutian Chain, we have hydro power potential, natural gas
                 reserves of untold magnitude, coal-bed methane, peat bogs, wind energy across the state, tidal resources,
                 and many other acceptable alternatives that can have the entire state contributing power to a State-Wide
                 Energy Grid.

                 With Susitna back on the menu of energy sources, it makes sense to expand the Railbelt Energy Grid to
                 include all of the rest of the state of Alaska.

                 In the near term, while.we are developing the plans to build a State-Wide Energy Grid, we need to cap
                 our energy costs by initiating electrical and fuel subsidies to stabilize the ever increasing costs of natural
                 gas, gasoline, heating fuel, diesel, aviation fuel, propane, and electricity. Energy costs are approaching
                 unsustainable levels so the state must step in to keep our communities viable until we are all connected
                 to a common State-Wide Energy Grid.

                 Thank you for your consideration on this very important effort to energize the entire state of Alaska.

                 Best regards,

                 Nels Anderson, Jr.
                 Box 234
                 Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                 907-842-2366
                 andoraa,,nushtel.net

                 -------- Original Message --------
                      Subject:RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid
                        . Date :Fri, 22 Feb 2008 17:39:37 -0900
                        From :Nels and Dorothy <andorat 1nushtel.net>
                    .Reply-To: andora(a)nushtel.net
                 Organization:Co-Man Services



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI 0012536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 3 of 4


                            To: Sen. Lyman Hoffman <Senator Lyman Hoffman0.legis.state.ak.us>, Rep. Bryce
                                 Edgmon <Represntative Bryce Edgmon a@,legis.state.ak.us>
                            CC:Governor Palin <Govemorna ov.state.ak.us>, "Lt. Governor Parnell"
                                 <Sean Parnell(a.gov.state.ak.us>, Commissioner Emil Notti
                                 <Emil Notti@commerce.state.ak.us>, Commissioner Tom Irwin
                                 <tom.irwin ,alaska.gov>, "Dep. Commissioner Marty Rutherford"
                                 <marty.rutherfordna,alaska.gov>, Greta Goto <smokd salmon@hotmail.com>, Ev
                                 <everette.anderson( yahoo,com>
                   Refer. ences :<47BF23DD.5070501(nushtel.net>


                 Feb 22,2008

                 Dear Senator Hoffman and Representative Edgmon:

                 As Bristol Bay looks at its energy future, it becomes clear that
                 we have to plan on connecting all of our villages to a common regional
                 energy grid AND eventually into a State-Wide Energy Grid.

                 The. legislature appropriated $800,000.00 to do a study on the Railbelt
                 Energy Grid.

                 The Railbelt. Electrical Grid Authority study was funded by a legislative
                 appropriation of $800 ,000 to study the concept of a Railbelt Electrical
                 Grid Authority, an independent system operator, to manage and dispatch
                 electric power on the Railbelt Grid. The web page addressing this
                 can be found at http://www.akenergyauthority.org/USOhomepage.html.

                 I am asking you to consider expanding that study to make it a State-Wide
                 Energy Grid Authority Study to connect all of our communities across the
                 state. If Alaska is going to ever develop its communities across the
                 state, we all have to''be connected to a state-wide energy grid to
                 ensure a reliable, affordable, and long-term source of energy

                 As the Railbelt utilities are economically regulated by the RCA, any
                 interconnection would need to be approved by the RCA. There would need
                 to be an agreement between all utilities providing power and
                 state -wide utilities purchasing the power on rates and availability.
                 This would need to be approved by the RCA as well.

                 One comment: now that Susitna Dam is under consideration again, any
                 plans for a transmission line to SW Alaska should be'a consideration in
                 the sizing of the Susitna project.

                In addition, with the prospect of a geothermal project being proposed
                by the Naknek Electric Association, Bristol Bay could be providing
                clean energy to the Railbelt and the rest of the state.IF we are
                connected to the Railbelt Energy Grid and/or a State-Wide, Energy Grid.

                Thank you for your consideration.

                Nels Anderson, Jr.
                Box 234
                Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                907-842-2366
                andora@nushtel.net




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   Page 4 of 4




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0012538
