Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I


                  Unknown
                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Monday, February 25, 2008 10:02 AM
                  To:       David----Mikell
                  Subject: RE: Head Start funding
                  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                  person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                 From: David------Mikell [mailto:alaskamd@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Saturday, February 23, 2008 10:34 AM
                 To: Palln, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Head Start funding

                 Dear Governor Palin --
                    Thank you so much for increasing the funding for Head Start, a truly deserving and
                 worthwhile program with both immediate and long range benefits for both children and parents.
                 I am so frustrated that the increase was cut by Kevin Meyer, and I hope you will continue to
                 work for putting the money back into Head Start.

                  Sincerely,
                  Mikell Murphy, EdD




                 Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Tr it now.




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0012541
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Pagel U4



                 Unknown
                  From :    Earle Ausman [earie@polarconsuit.net]
                  Sent :    Monday, February 25, 2008 2:14 PM
                  To:       Bob Martin; andora@nushtel.net; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Parnell; Sean R (GOV);
                            George Cannelos; Strandberg; Jim (AIDEA); Harper, Michael C (AIDEA); D-J-Bouker; Henry Strub;
                            Olson; Donny (LAA); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Salmon; Woodie W (LAA); Nelson; Mary (LAA); Mike
                            Bradner; Tim Towarek; bbtimes@nushtel.com
                  Cc:       Greta Goto; Ev; Heinze; Harold C (JPO); Tony Izzo; Green; Lyda N (LAA); Harris; John (LAA); Pres.
                            Hamilton; Chancellor Steve Jones; Bernice Joseph; Debbie McLean; Meera Kohler; Todd
                            Radenbaugh; Rebekah Luhrs; Julie Kitka; George Quinto; RuralCap; AITC; Notti; Emil R (CED); Irwin;
                            Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Ralph Andersen; Steve Denton; Steve Lindbeck; Steven
                            Angasan; Eddie Angasan; Mary Jane Nielsen; Ted Angasan; Moses; Aleknagik; Malcolm B Roberts;
                            Kyle Von Bose; drumsnews@gci.net; editor/Juneau Empire; editor@newsminer.com;
                            fgerjevic@adn.com
                  Subject : Re: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid and Constructing an Alaska State-Wide Energy
                            Grid
                 Hi Bob et al:

                 We certainly agree with your comments that Rural Alaska has a transportation problem which causes
                 energy to be very expensive . We are currently developing the technology and systems to provide a much
                  lower cost system of intertieing energy resources and rural communities together using a special single
                 wire Direct Current system . We have been funded by the Denali Commission for Phase I of this project
                 and since receiving good reports from our key inverter technology supplier , we can now request Phase II
                 funding . This Phase consists of building equipment and the special transmission system and testing to
                 verify designs . Phase III of the project will be a 25 mile interconnection between Mt. Village and St.
                 Marys.

                  It may be of interest to you that a HVDC powerline from the North Slope to Fairbanks and beyond can
                  transport the electricity made from natural gas at a lower price than a gas pipeline . As a result, the bullet
                  pipeline will not be required if its major purpose is to provide gas to generate electricity . Suppose the main
                  gas line is delayed or not built at all and the base value of the Prudhoe gas is set by its being stranded. A'
                  generation plant built on the North Slope will have the following advantages . A gas conditioning plant to
                  remove the CO2 from the gas is not needed as gas with CO2 can be used directly in a gas turbine plant.
                  Turbines are more efficient and can generate more electricity because of the lower ambient temperature
                --of the Slope : Exhaust CO2 gas cart be sequestered -book into the .field- and used to extract more oil. There
                  will be no carbon tax on this plant. The DC power line can have branches into the central Alaska's river
                  systems and connect to regional lower voltage single wire DC grids such as we are developing. It is
                  potentially feasible for electricity to be so inexpensive as to be used for heat in buildings, and perhaps to
                  provide fuel for vehicles and boats as hydrogen.

                  Distributed generation sources are more robust than a single source . It is easy to envision many rural
                 resources and systems feeding into a large Alaskan grid. The current requirements point toward using
                 gas for the long term the use of renewables distributed over a grid will allow Alaska to emulate Norway
                 that generates 95% of its electricity with hydro.

                 If I can answer questions please contact me.

                 Earle Ausman, P.E., President Polarconsult Alaska Inc.
                 1503 West 33rd Ave., Suite 310 , Anchorage, Alaska
                 907-258-2420

                   ----- Original Message -----
                   From :. Bob Martin
                   To: andora nushtel . net ; Governor Palin ; Lt . Governor Parnell ; George Cannelos ; James
                   Strandberg ; Mike Harper ; D-J-Bou r ; Henry Strub ; Senator Donny Olson ; Sen. Albert Kookesh ;
                   ReP. Woodie Salmon ; Rep. Mary Nelson ; Mike Bradner ; Tim Towarek ; BB Times



                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012542
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 4


                     Cc: Greta Goto ; Ev ; Harold ; Ton Izzo ; President Lyyda Green ; Speaker John Harris ; Pres. Hamilton ;
                                             Heinze
                     Chancellor Steve Jones ; Bernice Joseph ; Debbie McLean ; Meera Kohler; ; Todd Radenbaugh ; Rebekah
                       uhrs ; Julie Kitka ; George Quinto ; Rufa!Ceg ; AITC ; Earle Ausman ; Commissioner Emil Notti ; Commissioner
                     Irwin ; Dep. Commissioner M , y Rutherford ; Ralph Andersen ; Steve Denton ; Steve Lindbeck ; Steven
                     Tom
                     Angasan ; Eddie Angasan ; Mary^jane Nielsen ;Ted Angasan ; Moses ; Aleknaaik ; Malcolm B Roberts ; Kyle
                     Bose ; T n ra Drum ,editor/Juneau Empire Editor-News Miner; Editors/Frank Gerievic
                     Von
                     Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 12:07 PM
                     Subject: RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid and Constructing an Alaska State-Wide Energy
                     Grid

                     Nels,
                             As I indicated at our last meeting, the Anchorage Bowl and perhaps the whole Railbelt is facing an
                     energy crisis that could easily become a disaster of untold size. The Bowl not only uses natural gas to generate
                     most of their electric power, they use gas to heat their facilities. When the gas is gone, most facilities will have
                     no alternatives to lean on. Susitna is decades away. Healy clean coal plant could restart but given the extent of
                     the shortage, would only fix a small part of the problem. Moreover, most if not all heating units cannot be
                     replaced with electric heat if there is no electricity, and probably are not easily convertible to oil-fired furnaces.
                      Anchorage is looking the devil in the eye and should be taking immediate steps to address this issue.

                             I bring this up because Anchorage will need all of the resources available in your area-and in other
                     rural areas--and they will need it soon. All that is lacking is "a road to market" in the form of interties such as
                     you suggest.

                              You have been advocating for a statewide energy policy for years-a voice "crying in the wilderness"-
                     and have been largely ignored. Now facing an. energy crisis, there seems to be only half-hearted efforts to fix it.
                      This is not the time for half hearted efforts. What is happening in. the rural communities: will soon be happening
                     in the Railbelt. I cannot even begin to conceive the ramifications.

                             This issue was also the subject of an editorial in the last "Alaska Journal of Commerce: and was
                     reprinted in today's "Juneau Empire."

                                            Bob Martin, Jr., PE
                                            VP of Operations
                                            907-790-1430 direct
                                            907-723-4562 cell

                     From: Nels and Dorothy [mallto:andora@nushtel.net]
                ._      nt:-Saturday,februarq-23; - 2 - W&
                     To: Governor Palin; Lt. Governor Pamell; Bob Martin; George Cannelos; James Strandberg; Mike Harper; D-J-
                     Bouker;. Henry Strub; Senator Donny Olson; Sen. Albert Kookesh; Rep. Woodie Salmon; Rep. Mary Nelson; Mike
                     Bradner; Tim Towarek; BB .Times
                     Cc: Greta Goto; Ev; Harold Heinze; Tony Izzo; President Lyda Green; Speaker John Harris; Pres. Hamilton;
                     Chancellor Steve Jones; Bernice Joseph; Debbie McLean; Meera Kohler; Todd Radenbaugh; Rebekah Luhrs;
                     Julie Kitka; George Quinto; RuralCap; A1TC; Earle Ausman; Commissioner Emil Notti; Commissioner Tom Irwin;
                     Dep. Commissioner Marty Rutherford; Ralph Andersen; Steve Denton; Steve Lindbeck; Steven Angasan; Eddie
                     Angasan; Mary Jane Nielsen; Ted Angasan; Moses; Aleknagik; Malcolm B Roberts; Kyle Von Bose; Tundra
                     Drums; editor/Juneau Empire; Editor-News Miner; Editors/Frank Gerjevic
                     Subject: RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid and Constructing an Alaska State-Wide Energy
                     Grid
                     Importance: High

                     Feb 23, 2008

                     Dear Governor Palin:

                     I sent this email to Senator Hoffman and Rep. Edgmon asking them to expand the scope of the Railbelt
                     Electrical Grid Authority Study.


                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0012543
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 3 of 4



                    It has become clear to me that the shortest distance to energy security for our villages is an electric line
                    that connects us to the Railbelt Energy Grid and a yet-to-be constructed Alaska State-Wide Energy
                    Grid.

                    Our energy policy needs to advocate that our regions across the state begin plans to build regional
                    electrical energy grids. Then we should be working on a policy that will have the state planning and
                    building an Alaska State-Wide Energy Grid that will ensure that all of our communities across the state
                    will have a long-term, affordable, reliable source of energy.

                    We have vast renewable and nonrenewable resources all across the state that can contribute electrical
                    power to a State-Wide Energy Grid. The Northwest has immense coal supplies, we have geothermal
                    resources all along the Alaska Range and Aleutian Chain, we have hydro power potential, natural gas
                    reserves of untold magnitude, coal-bed methane, peat bogs, wind energy across the state, tidal
                    resources, and many other acceptable alternatives that can have the entire state contributing power to a
                    State-Wide Energy Grid.

                    With Susitna back on the menu of energy sources, it makes sense to expand the Railbelt Energy Grid
                    to include all of the rest of the state of Alaska.

                    In the near term, while we are developing the plans to build a State-Wide Energy Grid, we need to cap
                    our energy costs by initiating electrical and fuel subsidies to stabilize the ever increasing costs of
                    natural gas, gasoline, heating fuel, diesel, aviation fuel, propane, and electricity. Energy costs are
                    approaching unsustainable levels so the state must step in to keep our communities viable until we are
                    all connected to a common State-Wide Energy Grid.

                    Thank you for your consideration on this very important effort to energize the entire state of Alaska.

                    Best regards,

                   Nels Anderson, Jr.
                   Box 234
             _._     ii1ingham;Alaska 99,510-
                   907-842-2366
                   andoraa,nushtel.net

                   -------- Original Message --------
                          Subject:RE: Connecting Bristol Bay to the Railbelt Energy Grid
                            Date:Fri, 22 Feb 2008 17:39:37 -0900
                          From:Nels and Dorothy <andora(@Aushtel.net>
                      Reply-To:andorat nushtel.net
                   Organization:Co-Man Services
                                To:Sen. Lyman Hoffman <Senator Lyman HoffmanQa leais.state.ak.us>, Rep. Bryce
                                   Edgmon <Representative Bryce Edgmon@ legis.state.ak.us>
                                CC:Qovernor Palin <Governor@,gov.state.ak.us>, "Lt. Governor Parnell"
                                   <Sean Parne11(a?,gov.state.ak.us>, Commissioner Emil Notti
                                   <Emil Notti@ a.commerce.state.ak.us>, Commissioner Tom Irwin
                                   <tom.irwinnajalaska.gov>, "Dep. Commissioner Marty Rutherford"
                                   <marty.rutherford alaska.gov>, Greta Goto <smokd salmon@,hotmail.com>, Ev
                                   <everette.anderson( Yahoo.com>
                      References:<47BF23DD.5070501(a?,nushtel.net>


                   10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0012544
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                       Page 4 of 4




                   Feb 22,2008

                   Dear Senator Hoffman and Representative Edgmon:

                   As Bristol Bay looks at its energy future , it becomes clear that
                   we have to plIn on connecting all of our villages to a common regional
                   energy grid AND eventually into a State - Wide Energy Grid.

                   The legislature appropriated $ 800,000 . 00 to do a study on the Railbelt
                   Energy Grid.

                   The Railbelt Electrical Grid Authority study was funded by a legislative
                   appropriation of $800 , 000 to study the concept of a Railbelt Electrical
                   Grid Authority , an independent system operator , to manage and dispatch
                   electric power on the Railbelt Grid . The web page addressing this
                   can be found at http :/ Iwww . akenercryauthority . orq/USOhomeRage.html.

                   I am asking you to consider expanding that study to make it a State-Wide
                   Energy Grid Authority Study to connect all of our communities across the
                   state . If Alaska is going to ever develop its communities across the
                   state , we all have to be connected to a state - wide energy grid to
                   ensure a reliable , affordable , and long-term source of energy

                   As the Railbelt utilities are economically regulated by the RCA, any
                   interconnection would need to be approved by the RCA.   There would need
                   to be an agreement between all utilities providing power and
                   state - wide utilities purchasing the power on rates and availability.
                   This would need to be approved by the RCA as well.

                   One comment : now that Susitna Dam is under consideration again, any
                   plans for a transmission line to SW Alaska should be a consideration in
                   the sizing of the Susitna project.

                   In addition , with the prospect of a geothermal project being proposed
                   by the Naknek Electric Association , Bristol Bay could be providing
                   clean energy to the Railbelt and the rest of the state IF we are
                   connected to the Railbelt Energy Grid and/or a State - Wide Energy Grid.

                   Thank you for your consideration.

                   Nels Anderson, Jr.
                   Box 234
                   Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                   907-842-2366
                   andora@nushtel.net




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_ 0012545
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Re: Latest Hamel Letter                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown
                  From:        Slemons, Jonne D (DNR) (jonne.slemons@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:        Monday, February 25, 2008 7:30 AM
                  To:          gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Katz; John W (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR);
                               Thompson; Mike (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
                  Cc:          Persily; Larry A (GOV)
                  Subject: RE: Latest Hamel Letter
                 Governor,
                 In answer to various issues raised in e-mails this morning:

                        1.    Rea meeting with Chuck Hamel:
                             H lives and works In Alexandria , Vi inia -just outside of Washington D.C. Privileged or Personal
                             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                        2.    TAPS SR: Mr. Hamel's latest letter is focused entirely on the TAPS system, specifically the
                             Strategic Reconfiguration (SR) project which has been in work for some time. Mike Thompson,
                             State Pipeline Coordinator and engineer Louis Kozisek are completely familiar with both the
                             TAPS and the SR project. The PSIO has therefore not been involved in the research or responses
                             on these topics, but nonetheless I have reviewed and support the information in Commissioner
                             Irwin's letter.

                        3.   To clari : Bruce references Tom Bewak below. Mr. Bewak has raised issues relative to pipe
                             construction at Milne Pt., which the PSIO has investigated. That investigation is concluded, and
                             the final report will be posted shortly. [It has no relation to the issues raised by Chuck Hamel
                             relative to the TAPS/SR project.]

                              Budget Request for four PSIO Positions: The PSIO has been performing investigations and
                             looking into allegations of problems relative to the soundness of our oil and gas systems since
                             Day 1: We've been doing this work conscientiously, but not in the robust manner that we would
                             like. Frankly, we are hard-pressed, with current staffing, to address these issues -- and have
                             done so at the expense of overall program development. Should an emergency occur, or huge
                             system integrity issue come to our attention, it would be very difficult for the PSIO to respond
                             adequately. I appreciate your support for these positions, and hope that the final budget
                             decisions will fund them.

                 I'm happy to answer any further questions -- My cell is Privileged

                Jonne Slemons
                Petroleum Systems Integrity Office Coordinator
                Division of Oil and Gas
                Alaska Department of Natural Resources
                550. W. 7th Ave., Ste. 800
                Anchorage, AK 99501
                Ph: 907-269-8806
                Fax: 907-269-3484




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012546
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Re: Latest Hamel Letter                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


                  From: Anders, Bruce F (DNR)
                 Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 6:36 AM
                 To: ExternalEmailgsp; Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Slemons, Jonne D (DNR); Rutherford, Marty
                 K (DNR); Thompson, Mike (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
                 Cc: Persily, Larry A (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Latest Hamel Letter

                  Governor,

                 Unfortunately, the Hamel letter is a pdf, and cannot be pasted. Hamel is in DC, as far as I know. Jonne will be in
                 the office in 30 mins, and will provide a more detailed report to this group then, including a summary of the Hamel
                 letter.

                 In short, the PSIO has been persistently working on this investigation (given its staffing limitations), and pushing
                 BP.very hard. PSIO has completed a thorough technical review that yields a defensible and final conclusion to
                 the issues raised by Tom Bewak , and the final section of the report , an addendum addressing materials
                 traceability, will be completed in the next day or two. We'll send it to Mr. Bewak directly and post It on the
                 PSIO website.

                 As I mentioned, Jonne will provide a more thorough sit rep shortly. After hearing that info, you may decide that it
                 makes sense to meet with Mr . Hamel (I assumed that's why you asked where he is)

                 Bruce


                 From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Mon 2/25/2008 5:08 AM
                 To: Katz, John W (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Slemons, Jonne D (DNR); Rutherford,
                 Marty K (DNR); Thompson, Mike (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
                 Cc: Persily, Larry A (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: Latest Hamel Letter

                 I cant open his letter on blkberry, could u cut and paste it? Is Hamel here in DC?
                 Sent from my Blackberry® device from Cellular One

                 -----Original Message--
                 From "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

                 Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2008 08:51:33
                 To:'Bruce F (DNR) Anders" <bruce. anders@alaska.gov>,"Joe Balash" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Jonne D (DNR) Slemons"
                 <jonne .slemons@alaska.gov>,"Marty Rutherford" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Mike (DNR) Thompson"
                 <mike.thompson@alaska.gov>,"Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>
                 Cc:"Lary Persily" <lpersily@ALASKADC.org>,"Governor Sarah Palin " <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                 Subject: Latest Hamel Letter


                 Per Chuck Hamel's request, I have attached his latest correspondence to Congressmen Dingell and Rahall seeking to rebut
                 Commissioner Irwin's earlier letter to the House Energy Committee.

                 I would be glad to discuss whether we should respond, and, if so, how.

                 P.S.
                 Governor, in a voice mail message, Mr. Hamel expressed his desire to meet with you during your DC trip.




                  10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012547
