Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 25, 2008 3:33 PM
              To:                      Yocorn; Lauren J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Press Release : Governor Patin Defends PSIO Funding


              Thank you!



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV) <lauren.yocom@alaska.gov>

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

              Cc: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

              Sent : Mon Feb 25 14:54:47 2008

              Subject:   Press Release : Governor Palin Defends PSIO Funding




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                 No.
              08-027




              Governor Palin Defends PSIO Funding




              February 25, 2008, Juneau, Alaska _ Governor Sarah Palin today strongly urged lawmakers to
              restore critical funding for the Petroleum Systems Integrity Office (PSIO), which
              exercises oversight of, the maintenance of facilities, equipment and infrastructure for
              sustained production and transportation of oil and natural gas resources in Alaska.




              The Governor issued the following statement from Washington D.C., at the National
              Governor ' s Association where she has been discussing how Alaska can, by developing its
              natural resources in an environmentally responsible manner, contribute to the nation's
              energy needs.




                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0012548
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              "I'm disappointed that House Finance subcommittee members removed $ 523,000 in funding for
              PSIO from my budget . Facing the prospect of the largest construction project in North
              America, a natural gas pipeline , we must demonstrate to Alaskans and the nation that we
              provide sound oversight of the systems that are needed to develop our resources. I am
              hopeful the full Finance Committee will restore funding for critical PSIO positions needed
              to accomplish this mission."




              The money would fund personnel for investigation of system integrity breaches and
              implementation of a statewide quality assurance program.




              Governor Palin created the PSIO by Administrative Order .   PSIO is an independent office in
              the Department of Natural Resources ' Division of oil and Gas, with specific
              responsibilities and authorities to coordinate the state ' s oversight and compliance
              functions with all other responsible agencies.




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0012549
