Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska,gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, February 25, 2008 11:19 AM
              To:                      rkleine45150@yahoo.com
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.ua [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Saturday, February 23, 2008 6:41 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Randy Kleine

              address :   939 Riverside Drive Milford OH 45150

               513-965-0651




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:



             I am looking forward to hearing your interview on Sunday, February 24th's C-SPAN
             Washington Journal program. As many of my friends in Alaska are libertarian-style
             Republicans, I am anxious to hear your comments (if any) about retaining Alaska's
             independent autonomy regarding dominance by the Federal Government.



             Also, in perusing your site and the photos on your site: I must register a complaint that
             you would condone the participation of female children and pre-teens is so-called glamour
             and beauty pageants. Children should not be taught to focus on "body beautiful"; rather,
             they should learn modesty and inward beauty, and a Governor should promote such, don't you,
             think?



             I appreciate your willingness to serve in the political              arena . Best regards,

             Randy Kleine




                                                                    I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012579
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0012580
