Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> [gov.sarah@yahoo.com)
            Sent:                    Monday, February 25, 2008 12:38 PM
            To:                      John Katz
            Cc:                      Michael Tibbles; Larry Persily; Janice Mason; kris_perry
            Subject:                 Re: Congressional Delegation Relations - PRIVILEGED ANDCONFIDENTIAL -
                                     ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGE


            Thank you. And did the AFN folks tell you I and cabinet members/assistants met with them-
            last week during their board mtg?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>




            Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2008 16:01:15

            To:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Michael Tibbles" <michael.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Larry Persily"
            clpersily@ALASKADC.org>,"Janice Mason"
            <janice_mason@gov.state.ak.us>,<kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>

            Subject: Congressional Delegation Relations - PRIVILEGED AND

                    CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGE




            At Senator Stevens' request, Larry and I met this morning with Senator Murkowski and him,
            plus various staff from all three offices to discuss the gas pipeline and Congressional
            earmarks, particularly in the transportation area.  The meeting was difficult but useful.



            There are fundamental differences between the State and the Congressional delegation on
            the gas pipeline. In my opinion, these differences are not the product of inadequate
            information.  Rather, they reflect differences of opinion about AGIA and about what is
            possible in DC concerning the bridge shipper, changes in the loan guarantee, and the risk
            of re-opening existing federal law.  There was also discussion of whether TransCanada can
            be held liable for costs incurred by the original pipeline consortium formed many years
            ago.



            We raised the possibility that these differences might dissipate once the AGIA process has
            been completed.  Both TransCanada and the producers have said that they want to work with
            each other, and there is a good likelihood that the issue of fiscal certainty will be
            addressed once we know what the State is dealing with. Senator Stevens believes that
            ConocoPhillips might file an application directly with FERC.



           Regarding earmarks, Senator Stevens thinks that there is a difference between what the
           State says and does on earmarks. I responded that we don't see all earmarks as bad, only
                                                                    1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_ 0012569
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            those where there is no strong federal nexus or public support and where there is no open
            and transparent process.  In particular, I cited your response to Carl Marrs and our 31
            earmark requests, all of which satisfy applicable requirements.



            Then, the discussion switched to transportation earmarks.  The delegation wants DOTPF to
            communicate more with local governments about the status of their earmarks. We also
            talked about how requirements of the Federal Highway Administration play into the process.



            We said that DOTPF is preparing an analysis of all pending transportation earmarks so that
            the delegation can see their current status and why some of them have not been
            implemented.  we also asked for early consultation between the Congressional delegation
            and us to resolve problems before they arise in federal law.



           Senator Stevens said that he is prepared to respond publically and critically when he sees
           a discrepancy between the administration's statements and actions on earmarks. I also had
           the feeling that he might talk more about infirmities in the AGIA approach.



           As you know, Senator Murkowski will give her speech to the Legislature on March 18th. She
           would like to meet with you one-on-one to discuss relations among the elected principals,
           feeling that since she is not running for re-election this year, she might be in the best
           position to do this.



           I will brief Mike Tibbles in greater detail and would be glad to talk with you as well.



           P.S.

           We met this afternoon with the Human Resources Committee of the AFN. They would like very
           much to meet with you as well to discuss a number of federal and state issues that they
           reviewed with us. In the meantime, we will follow-up, as needed, with various
           Commissioners.




           Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
           <mailto: jwkatz@alaskadc . org> jwkatzealaskadc .org. Thank you .




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012570
