Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor c©alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Monday, February 25, 2008 9:26 AM
           To:                      lawhom_derrick@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 4:37 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs



           Web mail from: Derrick Lawhorn

           address: 389 River Chase Dr. Jonesboro GA 30238

             606-261-0701



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,

                My name is Derrick Lawhorn and am a former resident of Fairbanks. Recently I have
           been chosen for Drill Sergeant duties for the Army, at FT. Henning GA. I just have one
           problem holding me from re-enlistment for this title.

                While serving in the military in Fairbanks I found myself with the wrong crowd and
           convicted of 4th degree assault. The female associated with my case was an ex-girlfriend
           but we never lived together. I know that my actions that night were very wrong and i am
           very sorry for them.  As a result i completed the 26 week DV course offered in Fairbanks
           and do not have any other mark on my record.

                Because 4th degree assault is considedered domestic violence i am not eligible for
           re-enlistment or drill sergeant duties. I am writing you this letter hoping you will
           understand that I am a changed person, older and make better choices, and want to pass on
           my knowledge to the new soldiers coming into todays army.

                I hope you will give this thought and pardon me of these charges, so i can also go on
           to be all I can be. Below i have included the case information as well. Thank you so much
           for taking the time to read this . God Bless.



                                                                  Thank You,

                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012601
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                            Derrick Lawhorn




           AK - Fairbanks North Star County ,   Case No :   4FA-02-02562CR6386

           Charge AS11.41.230(A)(1): ASSAULT-4TH DEGREE

           Type Misdemeanor

           Description AS11.41.230(A)(1): ASSAULT-4TH DEGREE

           Disposition NCP

           Amended charge AS11.41.230(A)(1): ASSAULT -4TH DEGREE

           Amended charge type Misdemeanor




           lawhorn_derrick@yahoo.com




                                                            2
