Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent:     Monday, February 25, 2008 12:01 PM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin
                Cc:       Michael Tibbles; Larry Persily; Janice Mason ; kris_peny@gov. state.ak.us
                Subject: Congressional Delegation Relations - PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT
                         PRIVILEGE


              At Senator Stevens' request, Larry and I met this morning with Senator Murkowski
              and him, plus various staff from all three offices to discuss the gas pipeline and
              Congressional earmarks, particularly in the transportation area . The meeting was
              difficult but useful.

              There are fundamental differences between the State and the Congressional
              delegation on the gas pipeline. In my opinion, these differences are not the product
              of inadequate information. Rather, they reflect differences of opinion about AGIA
              and about what is possible in DC concerning the bridge shipper, changes in the loan
              guarantee, and the risk of re-opening existing federal law. There was
              also discussion of whether TransCanada can be held liable for costs incurred by the
              original pipeline consortium formed many years ago.

              We raised the possibility that these differences might dissipate once the AGIA
              process has been completed. Both TransCanada and the producers have said that
              they want to work with each other, and there is a'good likelihood that the issue of
              fiscal certainty will be addressed once we know what the State is dealing with.
              Senator Stevens believes that ConocoPhillips might file an application directly with
              FERC.

              Regarding earmarks, Senator Stevens thinks that there is a difference between what
              the State says and does on earmarks. I responded that we don't see all earmarks as
              bad, only those where there is no strong federal nexus or public support and where
              there is no open and transparent process. In particular, I cited your response to
              Carl Marrs and our 31 earmark requests, all of which satisfy applicable
              requirements.

              Then, the discussion switched to transportation earmarks. The delegation wants
              DOTPF to communicate more with local governments about the status of their
              earmarks. We also talked about how requirements of the Federal Highway
              Administration play into the process.

              We said that DOTPF is preparing an analysis of all pending transportation earmarks
              so that the delegation can see their current status and why some of them have not
              been implemented. We also asked for early consultation between the Congressional
              delegation and us to resolve problems before they arise in federal law.

              Senator Stevens said that he is prepared to respond publically and critically when
              he sees a discrepancy between the administration's statements and actions on



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


              earmarks. I also had the feeling that he might talk more about infirmities in the
              AGIA approach.

              As you know, Senator Murkowski will give her speech to the Legislature on March
              18th . She would like to meet with you one -on-one to discuss relations among the
              elected principals, feeling that since she is not running for re -election this year, she
              might be in the best position to do this.

               I will brief Mike Tibbles in greater detail and would be glad to talk with you as well.

              P.S.
              We met this afternoon with the Human Resources Committee of the AFN. They
              would like very much to meet with you as well to discuss a number of federal and
              state issues that they reviewed with us . In the meantime , we will follow-up, as
              needed, with various Commissioners.


              Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
              jwka e,alaskadc .org. Thank you .




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0012615
