Unknown

From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Monday, April 21, 2008 2:18 PM
To:                      'fek9wn r@yah oo. com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 6:57 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Kym McMullin

address : 2686 N. Hartford St. Chandler AZ 85225

 480-814-7459



MESSAGE:

Governor,



 Hi, My name is Kym and I live in Chandler, AZ, but I heard about the birth of your son and wanted to
tell you Congratulations! :) We have 5 children and our 4th has Down syndrome. He has been such
 a special edition to our family. He brings joy and laughter into our lives daily and is such a bundle of
 energy that he keeps our house "alive"! He has always done things at his own pace, which had
 usually been a little slower than the average child, but now at 10 he is in fast forward and between
 basketball, gymnastics, running around, wanting to cook, clean, play, dance, go to school, read,
 (ANYTHING he sees his siblings or fiends do) he never sits still. There is nothing "slow" about this
great little boy. :) So, when I tell you Congratulations, I tell you from experience because you have
just embarked on a wonderful rollercoaster ride of ups and downs that is amazing and exhilarating! :)



I would say God bless, but I can see he already has.

Sincerely,

                                                    1                                 ROSTON 02221




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Kym



PS I belong to a great on-line yahoogroup called upsndowns. It has really helped me over the years
when I have had questions, concerns, or just want to brag on my son. It is a list of great parents who
understand some of the unique experiences of raising a child with special needs. I love it. Just
wanted to let you know in case you wanted to check it out :) Take care.



mymacfamily@cox.net




                                                   z                             ROSTON 02222




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
