Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 26, 2008 12:54 PM
             To:                      Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
             Subject:                 Re: PSEA contract

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@ alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2008 12:16:41

             To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: PSEA contract




             Re: the email below - The PSEA negotiations will get political and they will get
             unnecessarily ugly, it appears.  Because when the State and PSEA get to impasse, this
             union has binding arbitration, there's really no need to get mad at the Administration
             (Governor or me).  We simply go to an arbitrator and the decision is binding on the State
             and the union.

            We will bring our final offer to the table this Thursday and Friday and request a federal
            mediator if PSEA is unwilling to consider it (which is likely based on my discussion with
            Business Manager John Cyr yesterday). If the mediator is unable to make progress, we
            schedule binding arbitration.   I don't understand PSEA's strategy with a 90-day session,
             (and the necessity to get monetary terms to the Legislature before they go home) but here
            we go.

             ak




            From: Beecher ,     Carol L (DOA)

              Sent: Tuesday ,    February 26, 2008 11:40 AM

             To: Kreitzer ,     Annette E   ( DOA); Petro, Rachael A        ( DOA); Brooks ,   Kevin A (DOA)


                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0012640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Cc: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

              Subject: Legislative Contact - Rep Meyer's Office



             Hello All:



             I received a call from Susan Fischetti about a wildlife Trooper in Sitka who wrote to
             Representative Meyer asking him to put pressure on Commissioner Kreitzer in the PSEA union
             negotiations.  The call was basically an FYI. She plans to respond to him by telling him
             that the Representative supports the troopers but cannot get involved in union
             negotiations.



             I told her that she could speak with Kevin Brooks about the issue. She said she didn't
             feel there was a need - but she has his number.



             No action needed at this time.



             CB




             Carol Beecher

             Special Assistant to the Commissioner

             Department of Administration

             carol.beecher@alaska .gov <mailto:carol.beecher@alaska.gov>




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012641
