Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 26, 2008 7:48 AM
             To:                      Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
             Cc:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
             Subject:                 Re: ANCSA Board follow-up


             Looks great , we can have signature machine sign for me thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Anders ,   Bruce F   ( DNR)" <bruce . anders @alaska.gov>




             Date :   Tue, 26 Feb 2008 06:57:36

             To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com >," Irwin , Tom E ( DNR)" <tom.irwin @alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Rutherford , Marty K      ( DNR)" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>

             Subject: ANCSA Board follow-up




             Governor,



             Tom and I (and especially you) had a ver y warm reception from the ANCSA board .                  Tom and I
             anyway owe them a sincere thank you. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



            Pri vileged or Personal Material Redacted




             check out the attached draft,       see if it fits with your vision.          Privileged or Personal Material R
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted             Privile ed or Personal   a eria a ac e




            It is attached as a word doc , but also pasted below if you are on Blackberry.



            Thanks,

            Bruce
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012649
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dear ANCSA CEO Board Members,




             Thank you for your gracious time in attention on February 15 for hosting Department of
             Natural Resources Commissioner Tom Irwin, Gasline Team Member Bruce Anders, and myself for
             a presentation about the Administration's progress in facilitating the construction of an
             Alaska natural gas pipeline.



             The importance of this gasline project is known to every Alaskan, and soon, to the rest of
             the nation.   For it is not just Alaskans that need the vast reserves of North Slope
             natural gas to get to market, to invigorate our heretofore oil-reliant revenue stream.
             Just as we Alaskans need to transition to development of our natural gas resources to fund
             our economy, heat our homes, schools and businesses, America needs our gas, too. America
             needs price relief, and it needs the energy security offered by this safe, reliable, clean
             form of energy.



             I would like to emphasize to you one important aspect of the gasline project that
             Commissioner Irwin and Mr. Anders took care to explain. The State's and the ANCSA
             corporations' interests are closely aligned. For all of us, it is not enough just to
             facilitate the construction of a gasline.   We must work to facilitate the construction of
             the right gasline - one built based upon fair and equitable commercial terms that maximize
             the interests of the owners of those resources.



             These terms were the fundamental principles of AGIA, which passed with the overwhelming
             support of the Alaska Legislature. By requiring project milestones, AGIA moves the
             project beyond the obstacles that have so far impeded progress. AGIA' s access and
             expansion provisions guarantee that explorers enjoy equal footing with North Slope major
             producers when it comes to resource development.  AGIA effectively controls transportation
             costs, so that whether or not an explorer owns pipeline equity will not drive exploration
             and development economics.



            These construction, access, and rate-making provisions ensure that market conditions, not
            the corporate needs of an integrated energy company, maximize exploration and ensure
            continued reliable gas flow.    The State of Alaska, and other North Slope landowners such
            as ANCSA corporations, have vested and allied interests in assuring that the AGIA
            requirements are incorporated into any gas pipeline project. Further, through the 7(i)
            revenue sharing provisions, all ANSCA corporations, and not just those with gas-prone land
            ownership interests, have a stake.



             We sincerely appreciate the ANCSA CEO Board's past support of the Alaska natural gas
            pipeline project.  But we have a ways to go, and we have some vocal critics.   So we need
            your continued help.  At this juncture, we would sincerely appreciate the Board's
            continued backing of an AGIA project and specifically, the Board' s support for a project
            that satisfies the important AGIA principles. Only an AGIA-compliant pipeline will ensure
            timely construction, reasonable access and expansion provisions, and a low tariff.
             Alaskans would benefit, the ANCSA Corporations would benefit, and the nation would
            benefit.


                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1 0012650
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please use Bruce Anders at 269-8775 as your contact for facilitating future discussions or
             issues of concern to the Board . I thank you again for your time and attention to this
             most important of issues.




                                                          3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012651
