Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 26, 2008 12:13 PM
             To:                      nobullblonde@hotmail.com
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, February 25, 2008 3:08 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Pal-in (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Alycia Thomas

             address: 13820 Hunterwood Lane Eagle River AK 99577




            MESSAGE:

            I just wanted to congratulate Governor Palin for her excellent interview in Vogue's
            February 2008 issue. When I first saw the article, I was dreading the expected portrayal
            of Alaska and Governor Palin. My dread was not due to anything in regards to Governor
            Palin, as I feel she is doing a wonderful job as governor. It was more due to how it seems
            many newspapers and magazines tend to take potshots at Alaska (especially the pipeline
            issue)whenever they can. But as I read the article, I was pleasantly surprised and
            impressed by the answers given by Governor Palin and the view of Alaska that Vogue
            included in the article. Thank you Governor Palin, for all your hard work and for
            representing Alaska so well.



            Sincerely,



            Alycia Thomas



            nobullblonde@hotmail.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 0012647
