Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 26, 2008 12:35 PM
             To:                      timothymacdonald@hotmail.com
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj

             Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 9:00 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Timothy MacDonald

             address: 324 Skyridge Dr. Fairbanks AK 99712

              231-414-0156




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,

               Thank you for doing such a good as governor. I appreciate your efforts and it doesn't
             seem as much like business as usual.

            I'd like you to consider an option for our current budget surplus. We don't have a
            lottery but we do have the oil on the North Slope and we do have hig oil prices. Each
            year there is a big issue of funding education and how much to give or not give. I'd like
            you to consider, Steve Cowpers plan to establish an educational endowment with the
            surplus.  IF projections are correct, 5 Billion dollars over the next couple of years
            would result in 10 or 12 Billion dollars in 10 more years. The revenues off the
            investment of this amount would almost fund Education in the state. The problem is that
            it is difficult to get legislators to put off spending today that which will benefit us
            tomorrow.

            Can you imagine having an additional 1-1.5 Billion a year to fund education? We might
            even get to the point as is Georgia, where students who perform well during their high
            school years will be supported with in state tuition grants, from this very fund.

            I know it would be a hard sell to bank the money and not let people spend it.  As a
            republican and fiscal conservative, I'm willing to put off extra spending now to grow a
            golden future for education and the children of our State.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012643
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thank you,

            Tim MacDonald




             timothymacdonald©hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0012644
