Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, February 26, 2008 6:25 PM
             To:                      Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
             Cc:                      Crome; Cora J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Yukon Panel


             I dont know any of the names mentioned ... but do trust that they' re good choices . Thanks!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Bailey, Frank T (GOV)" <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>



             Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2008 16:00:34

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Crome, Cora J (GOV)" < cora . crome@alaska . gov>,"Nizich ,         Michael A (GOV)"
             <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Yukon Panel




             Governor,



             we'd like your approval to appoint members for the Yukon River Panel Advisory Committee
             (YRPAC).  The Committee' s focus is conservation of Yukon River salmon stocks , develops
             management programs, identifies restoration / enhancement opportunities , and administers the
             Yukon River Salmon Restoration and Enhancement Fund.




            The names below are carefully selected by ADF&G to balance the needs of the upper and
            lower river users and fit the statutory requirement of the Committee .  The panel is
            comprised 8 members , 4 for the lower river and 4 for the upper river, of 2 of which must
            be AK Native non-profits.



            Recommendations for reappointment are for Shirley Clark, Angela Demientieff , Jennifer
            Hooper, Joseph Strongheart Sr., Mike Smith and Virgil Umphenour.



            Recommendations for new appointment are Richard Carol and Erik Weingarth.



            All names meet requirements to serve on the YRPAC and provide a good balance of historical
            knowledge of issues and new representation.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Frank Bailey

             Director, Boards and Commissions

             Office of Governor Sarah Palin

             907.465.3934 - Juneau

             907.269.7450 - Anchorage




                                                          2
