Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                  From :     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
                  Sent:      Tuesday, February 26, 2008 12:17 PM
                  To:        Tibbies; Michael A (GOV)
                  Cc:        gov.sarah©yahoo.com
                  Subject: PSEA contract

               Re: the email below - The PSEA negotiations will get political and they will get unnecessarily
               ugly, it appears. Because when the State and PSEA get to impasse, this union has binding
               arbitration, there's really no need to get mad at the Administration (Governor or me). We
               simply go to an arbitrator and the decision is binding on the State and the union.
               We will bring our final offer to the table this Thursday and Friday and request a federal
               mediator if PSEA is unwilling to consider it (which is likely based on my discussion with
               Business Manager John Cyr yesterday). If the mediator is unable to make progress, we
               schedule binding arbitration. I don't understand PSEA's strategy with a 90-day session, (and
               the necessity to get monetary terms to the Legislature before they go home) but here we go.
               ak


               From: Beecher, Carol L (DOA)
               Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 11:40 AM
               To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA); Brooks, Kevin A (DOA)
               Cc: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)
               Subject: Legislative Contact - Rep Meyer's Office

                Hello All:

               I received a call from Susan Fischetti about a Wildlife Trooper in Sitka who wrote to Representative Meyer asking
               him to put pressure on Commissioner Kreitzer in the PSEA union negotiations. The call was basically an FYI.
               She plans to respond to him by telling him that the Representative supports the troopers but cannot get involved
               in union negotiations.

               I told her that she could speak with Kevin Brooks about the issue. She said she didn't feel there was a need - but
               she has his number.

               No action needed at this time.

               CB

               Carol Beecher
               Special Assistant to the Commissioner
               Department of Administration
               caroLbeecher a alaska.gov




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0012664
