Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I




                 Unknown

                 From:     Bailey , Frank T (GOV) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, February 26, 2008 2:10 PM
                 Tor.      'Dr. David Head'
                 Cc:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: State Medical Board

               Dr. Head,

               Was good to speak with you on the phone. To recap I'll get with Law and double-check those options to raise to
               the Governor. We can't do much until the session wraps up but we should have a better indication much sooner
               than that.

               Feel free to email or call anytime. 465-3939 is my Juneau # and 748-5816 is my cell.

               Frank



               From: Dr. David Head [mailto:head@nshcorp.orgj
               Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 1:52 PM
               To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
               Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: State Medical Board

               Hi Frank,

               I was just checking if I am still on the State Medical Board . Have I been reappointed , or has someone been
               appointed to take my place . The next meeting is coming up the first week of April , and I need to know if I am still
               chairing the meeting , and if I will need to make arrangements to my schedule to attend.

               Thanks
               David Head, M.D.
               Chair, Alaska State Medical Board




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0012674
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 6           1


                 Unknown

                 From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:        Wednesday , February 27, 2008 8:13 AM
                 To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 26-Mar. 3, 2008



                 From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                 Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 11:04 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Feb. 26-Mar. 3, 2008

                                           If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.
                                                          IY5


                          t                 .s ^^iza}das^ k
                                  i14:RkIy , Ness BLlde.
                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Feb. 26- Mar. 3, 2008


                 HEADLINES...
                 1. EPA Considering Proposal to RCRA Landfill Low -Level Nuclear
                    Wastes
                 2. Federal E - Waste Legislation to Adopt Producer Responsibility
                    Approach
                 3. Waste Services to Sell Florida Operations for $57 million
                 4. Greanpeace Report Details Global Problem of E-Waste
                 5. Another Guilty Plea in Federal Probe of Connecticut Waste
                    Industry
                 6.  Covanta Holding 4Q Earnings Surge 24% on Higher Revenues
                 7.  Environmentalists Attempt to Apply RCRA to Diesel
                     Em missions
                 S. Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority to Raise Tip Fees
                     be 25%
                 9. Portland , Ore. Wants to Mandate Business Recycling
                 10. Danish Waste-to-Energy Firm Babcock & Wilcox Vl lund
                     Wants to Enter US
                 11. EnGlobe Reports 4Q Loss of $1 million from Restructuring
                     Costs
                 12. Waste Services to Announce Fourth Quarter and 2007 Results
                     on Feb. 27
                 13. Waste Industries USA to Announce Fourth Quarter Results on
                     Mar. 4
                 14. Casella to Announce Third Quarter and Host Conference Call
                     on Mar. 6


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                  Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012675
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 6


                  Market Radius Reports
                  Focus on Your Market...
                 Market radius reports capture all waste
                 operations within a given market. They
                 provide analysis of the major players by
                 market share, and show historical trends
                 of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                 to that area. [ Learn More...]




                 1.    EPA CONSIDERING PROPOSAL TO RCRA LANDFILL LOW-
                       LEVEL NUCLEAR WASTES
                      The EPA is said to be reconsidering a controversial proposal that may
                      open hazardous waste landfills to low-level radioactive waste by
                       regulating them under subtitle C of the Resource Conservation &
                       Recovery Act (RCRA). The plan addresses Nuclear Regulatory
                      Commission (NRC) concerns about diminishing disposal capacity for
                      these wastes and the increasing cost to decommission nuclear facilities.
                      A big concern is whether RCRA landfills housing low-level nuclear waste
                      could later be used for new construction and development. Currently,
                      most low-level nuclear waste Is disposed of at NRC-licensed facilities, but
                      some states allow Its disposal in RCRA landfills on a case-by-case basis.
                      The agency's plan would establish·a uniform national policy. Pressure is
                      building from the NRC and the nuclear Industry to find alternative
                      locations, especially with the impending partial closure of a major facility
                      in Barnwell, SC next July. However, environmentalists and others are
                      concerned that RCRA landfills could leak low-level radioactive waste into
                      surrounding soil and groundwater; and, that radiation from the waste
                      could boost the volatility of other hazardous materials in the landfill, thus
                      increasing potential health risks... Read More))


                 2.    FEDERAL E-WASTE LEGISLATION TO ADOPT PRODUCER
                      RESPONSIBILITY APPROACH
                      Lawmakers working on federal e-waste legislation are touting a
                      consensus-based extended producer responsibility approach, as
                      described in a concept paper, a precursor to what might become the
                      National Electronic Products Stewardship Act. Manufacturers, retailers
                      and recyclers would share the task of setting up and running a national
                      program to collect, transport, and recycle e-waste. Existing state e-
                      waste laws would not be preempted if the law is enacted, but It would
                      serve as a floor for future state controls, the paper said. Federal
                      requirements would apply Immediately instates without e-waste laws,
                      and states would be free to set limits more stringent than those that the
                      federal law imposes. The EPA would establish recycling rules and run the
                      national program. Federal requirements would take precedence, but
                      states wanting to do more could apply to EPA for "lead implementing
                      agency" status. The draft proposes to cover CRT devices, flat panel video
                      display devices with screens larger than 4 inches and desktop and laptop
                      computers. The EPA could add or remove products from the list.. .Read
                      More u


                3.    WASTE SERVICES TO SELL FLORIDA OPERATIONS FOR $57
                      MILLION
                      Waste Services Inc agreed to sell its hauling and materials recycling
                      operations and construction and demolition debris landfill at Jacksonville,
                      Florida to Advanced Disposal Services Inc for $57.5 million in a deal
                      expected to close in early March. The company will retain ownership of
                      the Jacksonville materials recycling and hauling facilities and lease them
                      to the purchaser. They plan to use $42.5 million of the proceeds to




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0012676
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Page 3 of 6


                        reduce term loans and meet operational needs.. . Read More n


                  4.    GREANPEACE REPORT DETAILS GLOBAL PROBLEM OF E-
                        WASTE
                        A recent Greenpeace report chronicles the dumping of millions of tons of
                        discarded electronic equipment containing toxic chemicals and heavy
                        metals every year without recycling or safe disposal . According to the
                        report entitled "Toxic Tech: Not in Our Backyard," more than 80 percent
                       of televisions, computers, mobile phones and other equipment escape
                        proper handling in the United States, and about 75 percent in the
                       European Union. In India, 99 percent of such " e-waste " Is mishandled.
                       "The Introduction of appropriate reuse , recycling and recovery
                       technologies is not keeping pace" with growing sales , said the report.
                       More than I billion mobile phones were sold last year alone . A mobile
                       phone contains 500 to 1,000 components, many of them containing
                       potentially dangerous metals like lead, mercury, cadmium and beryllium,
                       as well as hazardous chemical flame retardants. In the EU where
                       producer responsibility has been legislated since August 2005, there has
                       been more success than in the US where "a relatively unsophisticated
                       infrastructure" exists to collect and process e-waste ; however, several
                       states are requiring producers to have take-back schemes. Much of what
                       Greenpeace calls the "hidden flow" of hazardous waste is exported to
                       countries like India, China and Thailand, Workers in those countries strip
                       down the goods to recover components for second-hand equipment or to
                       harvest valuable metals and raw materials in a process that is dangerous
                       to their health and to the environment... Read More))


                 5.     ANOTHER GUILTY PLEA IN FEDERAL PROBE OF CONNECTICUT
                       WASTE INDUSTRY
                       The ongoing federal probe of a mob-backed scheme to control the waste
                       hauling industry in Connecticut and east New York has netted another
                       guilty plea. This time it is Thomas Milo, 70, of Mamaroneck, NY who was
                       a silent partner with trash magnate lames Galante on several hauling
                       companies, including Automated Waste Disposal, Diversified Waste
                       Disposal and Superior Waste Disposal. The two were masterminds of a
                       scheme that paid a $120,000 monthly "mob tax" to Matthew Ianniello,
                       former reputed head of the Genovese crime family, in return for mob
                       muscle to make sure that other trash firms would agree to keep prices
                       high and to not poach one artother's customers. Ianniello'is currently in
                       prison after pleading guilty to racketeering conspiracy and tax charges.
                       As a condition of the guilty plea, Milo and his wife must forfeit all interest
                       in the affiliated companies. Milo, Galante and Ianniello are among 29
                       people named in a 2006 federal indictment... Read More))


                 6.    COVANTA HOLDING 4Q EARNINGS SURGE 24 % ON HIGHER
                       REVENUES
                       Covanta Holding Corp. said its fourth-quarter net earnings rose to $72.3
                       million, or $0.47 per share, from $11.9 million, or $0.08 per share, a
                       year ago. Revenue for the period ended Dec. 31 rose to $395.4 million
                       from $317.9 million a year earlier well ahead of analysts' estimates of
                       $358.8 million. The waste-to-energy company continues to benefit from
                       a very strong energy market coupled with rising waste disposal pricing,
                       particularly in the. Northeast and southeast where most of the company's
                       projects are located. The company is forecasting 2008 earnings to be
                       between $0.90 and $1 per share... Read More »


                 7.    ENVIRONMENTALISTS ATTEMPT TO APPLY RCRA TO DIESEL
                       EMMISSIONS
                       Environmental groups including the Natural Resources Defense Council
                       and others are said to be testing an Innovative legal approach to attack
                       air pollution not usually subject to the Clean Air Act. They charge that



                 10/29/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0012677
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 4 of 6


                      solid particulate matter (PM) emissions from diesel fuel at ports around
                      the country constitute the improper disposal of hazardous waste. Albeit a
                      long shot, if successful, it would render the Clean Air Act superfluous by
                      making PM violations from any source potentially a violation of RCRA.
                      NRDC and the California group Coalition for a Safe Environment are
                      suing the Port of Long Beach, CA, arguing that the facility is improperly
                      disposing of wastes such as arsenic, cadmium, nickel, lead, mercury and
                      other compounds "while attached to or associated with diesel particulate
                      matter." Other attempts by environmentalists to apply RCRA to other
                      regulatory programs have generally been unsuccessful. In 2005, local
                      groups in Idaho failed to win a suit aimed at regulating crop-burning
                      residues under RCRA... Read More»


                                   ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                 Directory & Atlas of Non - Hazardous Waste Sites
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                                                                                              m,y,..i>.a mio
                 t h e on l y directory o f its. k in d and i s t h e most up-to- d ate and
                 comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                 processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                 powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with.up-
                 to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                 materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                 stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                 [Learn More...]


                 8.   CONNECTICUT RESOURCES RECOVERY AUTHORITY TO RAISE
                      TIP FEES BE 25%
                      The Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority (CRRA) this week
                      approved a 25% increase in the tip fees it charges to the 70
                      municipalities that constitute its Mid-Connecticut Project. CRRA argues
                      that the Increase is needed to cover the cost to close its Hartford landfill
                      and to ship waste to other sites and out of state. Attorneys for the
                      municipalities argue that the increase "smacks of retaliation" for a recent
                      lawsuit settlement in their favor related to the Enron debacle. The
                      increase adds $28 million to the budget which is just about the amount
                      awarded to the towns in the settlement. The CRRA counters that the
                      board voted in 2004 to close the landfill and therefore, it should come as
                      no surprise. Currently,. CRRA's appeal is still pending with the state
                      Supreme Court ...Read More u


                 9.   PORTLAND, ORE. WANTS TO MANDATE BUSINESS RECYCLING
                      Portland Oregon city officials are pursuing the final frontier in waste:
                      business recycling. The city's phased-in recycling mandate will ultimately
                      make it mandatory for businesses to recycle all paper, cardboard, and
                      food and drink containers, and 75% of their construction debris. Portland
                      has required businesses to recycle half of their waste since 1996, joining
                      Seattle, Chicago, San Diego County and others with business-recycling
                      mandates. Portlandbusinesses already claim to recycl8.63% of the
                      waste generated but businesses are wary of mandates and non-market
                      based systems to push it higher. The City Council is also said to be
                      considering a franchise system that assigns haulers a specific territory in
                      exchange for volume discounts and contractual mandates including
                      those for recycling as an alternative. The franchise system has many
                      efficiency benefits resulting from better routing, reduced truck volume,
                      and waste volume consolidation at transfer, processing and disposal
                      sites... Read More »


                 10. DANISH WASTE-TO-ENERGY FIRM BABCOCK & WILCOX




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012678
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 5 of 6


                      V&OSLASH; LUND WANTS TO ENTER US
                      Danish waste Incineration technology company Babcock & Wilcox Volund
                      wants to enter the American market. The US has increased its focus on
                      converting waste to energy following the climate debate and the Danish
                      company wants to find an American license partner for a future
                      cooperation... Read More


                  11. ENGLOBE REPORTS 4Q LOSS OF $1 MILLION FROM
                      RESTRUCTURING COSTS
                      Environmental services company Englobe Corp, reported a fourth quarter
                      net loss of $1 million, down from net income of $1 million in the year
                      earlier period. This despite a 58% rise in revenues to $39.8 million from
                      $25.2 million in last year's quarter. The company, formerly known as
                      Environmental Management Solutions Inc., attributed the loss to
                      restructuring costs of $1.6 million, larger depreciation and amortization
                      expenses, and higher interest charges. The company's acquisition of
                      Biogenie S .R.D.C. Inc. in late 2006 has helped to enhance company
                      margins from more lucrative soil assessment and remediation
                      activities... Read More


                 12. WASTE SERVICES TO ANNOUNCE FOURTH QUARTER AND
                     2007 RESULTS ON FEB. 27
                     Waste Services, Inc. will release Its 2007 fourth quarter results after the
                     close of markets on Wednesday, February 27 and hold a conference call
                     the next day at 8:30 a.m. (ET)... Read More »


                 13. WASTE INDUSTRIES USA TO ANNOUNCE FOURTH QUARTER
                     RESULTS ON MAR. 4
                     Waste Industries USA, which has announced plans to go private late last
                     year, will release fourth quarter and full year financial results at the
                     close of the market on Tuesday, March 4, The Company will host an
                     analyst conference call to discuss those results on the following day at 2
                     p.m. (ET)... Read More


                 14. CASELLA TO ANNOUNCE THIRD QUARTER AND HOST
                     CONFERENCE CALL ON MAR. 6
                     Casella Waste Systems plans to release fiscal year 2008 third quarter
                     financial results (for the period ending January 31, 2008) at the close of
                     market on Wednesday March 5. The company will host a conference call
                     the following day at 10 am (ET) to discuss those results.. . Read More))



                 Waste Market Overview &             Size of the Waste Management Industry
                 Outlook                             Histpdcal and Pfojected
                                                     VA Aalom 00
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation , collection,
                 processing , recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal, and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0012679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                      Page 6 of 6



                 · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets.
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190
                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                  UNSUBSCRIBE
                  This email was sent to office_of_the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                  Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscrlbe TM I Privacy Policy.
                 1 QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                   Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                   DISCLAIMER
                   Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                 1 and are unintentional.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0012680
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Democratic News                                                                                Page 1 of 4


                 Unknown
                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, February 27, 2008 8:21 AM
                 To:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: John McCain is breaking the law




                From : bdmiller [mailto:bdmiller@mtaonline.net]
                Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 9:02 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : FW: John McCain is breaking the law

                Tell me you have seen this?


                From : EgBUQQwLCkdsBVYFAQcBBAcOAwEMBI1SUJA+3D-
                bdmiller= mtaonline .net@bsd.listbounce. democrats.org
                (mailto: Eg BUQQwLCkds BVYFAQcBBAcOAwEM BI1SUjA+3 D-
                bdmiller=mtaonline.net@bsd.listbounce,democrats. org) On Behalf Of Joe Sandler
                Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2008 9:12 AM
                To: Bernard Miller
                Subject : RE: John McCain is breaking the law




                         Bernard --

                         I'm Joe Sandler, General Counsel for the DNC. Yesterday we filed a
                         complaint with the FEC after John McCain decided to break the law by
                         ignoring the rules laid out as part of the federal matching funds program.

                         I don't know if you saw the news, but the press covered the complaint all
                         day. John McCain himself directly responded to Governor Dean at a press
                         conference, saying "We're doing exactly what Howard Dean did in a previous
                         election and what the FEC ruled in the case of Congressman Gephardt."

                         But that's a lie -- John McCain isn't doing what Governor Dean and
                         Congressman Gephardt did at all.

                         Governor Dean and Congressman Gephardt followed the law and were
                         granted written permission by the FEC to withdraw from the federal
                         matching funds program.

                       To prove it, we have a copy of the letter Governor Dean received from the
                       FEC in 2003 granting him permission to drop out. If McCain is doing "exactly
                       what Howard Dean did," he'll have no trouble producing a letter of his own.

                         But you and I know McCain's lying -- he doesn't have a letter like that from
                         the FEC. Not only has he refused to get permission, he's been warned by



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_ 0012681
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Democratic News                                                                                Page 2 of 4



                       FEC Chairman David Mason that he can't unilaterally drop out of the
                       program. That's why we filed the complaint in the first place, and it's why
                       tens of thousands of Americans like you signed your support.

                       Read Governor Dean's letter from the FEC, and sign your support for our
                       complaint right here:

                       http: //www.democrats. org/McCa!nBusted

                       John McCain abused the system to keep his campaign afloat until he could
                       raise more money from special interests and lobbyists. Taxpayers don't want
                       their money to be used by Washington politicians to help raise more money
                       from lobbyists -- is this McCain's idea of ethics and reform?

                      Thanks to you, this "maverick reformer" is feeling the pressure of his own
                      hypocrisy. From staffing his campaign with a team of lobbyists to breaking
                      campaign finance laws, his total lack of integrity has never been more clear.

                       Keep it up,

                       Joe Sandler
                       General Counsel
                       Democratic National Committee

                       -------- Original Message --------

                       Subject : John McCain is breaking the law
                       Date :    Mon, 25 Feb 2008 03:50:11 PM
                       From :    Howard Dean
                       To:       Joe Sandier




                              Dear Joe,

                             There was a lot of talk last week about John
                             McCain's blatant hypocrisy on ethics and
                             integrity in Washington.

                             Here we go again.

                             McCain is now breaking the law by ignoring the
                                                                                   WE ARE FILING
                             campaign spending restrictions for the                A COMPLAINT
                             Republican primary that came when he asked
                             for federal matching funds -- funds he used as
                                                                                   WITH THE FEC
                             collateral on a loan that helped keep his
                             campaign going.

                             But now that the lobbyist and special interest
                             money has started pouring into his campaign,



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_ 0012682
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Democratic News                                                                             Page 3 of 4



                              he's trying to back out of the promise he made just a few months ago.
                              They're feeding so much cash into his bank account, this "reformer" wants
                              nothing to do with federal campaign finance laws anymore.

                              That's why today, we're filing a formal complaint with the Federal Election
                              Commission demanding that John McCain be held to the campaign finance
                              laws. Trying to back out shows a total lack of integrity and honesty -- he
                              made a deal with the American people to to abide by the law, and in
                              return , he was guaranteed taxpayer money that he used to back a loan.

                              Joe, I'd like you to add your name In support of our complaint, and ask as
                              many people as you can to sign on. American taxpayers made a deal with
                              John McCain -- now that he's flush with lobbyist cash, he wants to pretend
                              that it never happened.

                              Sign on right now:

                              http :I/ www.democrats . orci/McCainBusted

                              Here's the background on the situation.

                              A few months ago, John McCain applied for and was approved to receive
                              federal matching funds. Because he couldn't find enough people to fund
                              his campaign, he was also forced to apply for a $4 million line of credit,
                              which he secured by using the federal matching funds as collateral.

                              By taking the federal funding , he agreed to spend no more than $57
                              million until the Republican convention . But so far, his campaign has spent
                              at least $49 million -- leaving him with less than $10 million to campaign
                              with through September.

                              Now that he's won the nomination and has the support of the Republican
                              lobbyist and special interest machine , he's trying to ignore that the whole
                              thing ever happened. He recently wrote a letter to the FEC telling them
                              that he was backing out, even though the FEC is very clear that any
                              request to withdraw from the agreement must be approved ; you can't just
                              change your mind and take it back -- legally, you have to be given
                              permission.

                              McCain isn't asking because he knows he'll never be granted permission,
                              and he doesn't want to have to accept the funding restrictions he agreed
                              to when he used the money as collateral for a loan. He 's ripping a page
                              right from George Bush's playbook: ignoring the laws when they aren't
                              convenient and hoping no one will notice.

                              Stand up and show him that hundreds of thousands of people have noticed
                              -- he can't change the rules in the middle of the game because he doesn't
                              like how things are going for him:

                              http://www. democrats .org/ McCainBusted

                              Using government programs when it's politically convenient and breaking
                              the rules when it's not ... remind you of anyone?



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI 0012683
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Democratic News                                                                                     Page 4 of 4



                               Just like George Bush, John McCain thinks he's above the law. McCain
                               poses as a reformer, but seems to think reforms apply to everyone but
                               him.

                               Time to send him a message.

                               Howard Dean




                                   Paid for and authorized by the Democratic National Committee,
                                                        www.democrats.org.
                                This communication is not authorized by any candidate or candidate's
                                                             committee.

                                      Democratic National Committee , 430 S . Capitol St. SE,
                                                    Washington, DC 20003

                              Contributions or gifts to the Democratic National Committee are not
                              deductible as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes.

                              Click here to unsubscribe from this mailing. list.

                              DNC, 430 S. Capitol St. SE, Washington DC 20003
                       Paid for and authorized by the Democratic National Committee, www.democrats .org. This
                       communication is not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.


                      Contributions or gifts to the Democratic National Committee are not deductible as charitable
                      contributions for federal income tax purposes.

                      Click here to unsubscribe from this mailing list,

                      DNC, 430 S. Capitol St:. SE, Washington DC 20003




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0012684
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                            Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, February 27, 2008 9:08 AM
                 To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                 From : Manhattan Institute [mailto:tmi@manhattan-institute.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 6:19 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Manhattan Institute Daily Update




                 Keeping you up-to-date on the latest by Manhattan Institute Scholars                              February 27,



                                            Read the buzz that Heather Mac Donald' s article, "The Campus Rape Myth,
                                            is generating in the blogosphere.


                                            Her article was adapted in the Los Angeles Times and linked on FrontPaoeMap.com
                                            02-25- 08 and RealClearPolitics.com.


                                            RADIO
                                            Heather Mac Donald on WLW's "Mike McConnell Show"
                                            Today, February 27, 2008, Heather Mac Donald, John M. Olin fellow at the
                         Manhattan Institute and City Journal contributing editor, appeared on WLW' s "Mike McConnell Show" t
                         discuss her latest City Joumal article "The Campus Race Myth."


                         FROM THE BLOGOSPHERE
                         The campus rape myth, RedBlueAmerica.com, 02-26-08
                         Heather Mac Donald on Campus Rapes, NRO, 02-25-08
                         Heather Mac Donald exposes the campus rape industry, MichelleMalkin,com, 02-24-08
                         MORE...


                         ARTICLES
                         School Choice Isn't Enough
                       Sol Stern, Opinion. Journal Federation Page, February 27, 2008
                       (This article also appears in the winter issue of City Journal)
                       I began writing about school choice in City Journal more than a decade ago. I believed then (as I still
                       believe) that giving tuition vouchers to poor inner-city students stuck in lousy public schools was a civi
                       rights Imperative... It seemed immoral to keep disadvantaged kids locked up in dismal, future-
                       darkening public schools when vouchers could send them to high-performing Catholic ones--especially




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0012685
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                          Page 2 of 3




                      when middle-class parents enjoyed education options galore for their children...

                   MI RESPONDS TO THE FLORIDA BLACKOUT


                      TELEVISION
                      Max Schulz on CNN Headline News' " Glenn Beck Show"
                      Today, Wednesday, February 27, 2008, at 3:15 PM EST, Max Schulz, senior fellow at the Manhattan
                      Institute's Center for Energy Policy and the Environment will discuss the implications of the power
                      outage that hit Florida yesterday on the nationally syndicated "Glenn Beck Show."


                      Max Schulz on Fox Business Channel's "Cavuto"
                      On Tuesday, February 26, 2008, Max Schulz, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                      Energy Policy and the Environment discussed the implications of the power outage that hit Florida
                      yesterday on the nationally syndicated "Cavuto." Click here to watch this appearance.


                      RADIO
                      Max Schulz on Westwood One's "Lars Larson Show"
                      On Tuesday, February 26, 2008, Max Schulz, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                      Energy Policy and the Environment discussed the implications of the power outage that hit Florida
                      yesterday on the nationally syndicated "Lars Larson Show."


                      Max Schulz on Radio America's "Dateline Washington"
                      On Tuesday, February 26, 2008, Max Schulz, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                      Energy Policy and the Environment discussed the implications of the power outage that hit Florida
                      yesterday on the nationally syndicated "Dateline Washington" with host Greg Corombos.

                   DEMOCRATIC CAPITALISM AND ITS DISCONTENTS


                      New Book by City Journal Editor Brian Anderson
                                       Democratic capitalism is under attack! In his new book , Democratic
                                       Capitalism and Its Discontents , City Journal Editor Brian Anderson takes a
                                       hard look at the challenges facing democratic capitalism in a society
                                       searching for equality at all costs.


                                       To buy your copy, go to Amazon.com!




                      REVIEW
                      Feeling Less Kurnbaya
                      Gerard Alexander, The Claremont Institute, February 26, 2008
                      ... In Democratic Capitalism and Its Discontents, Anderson takes on diverse critics of the West's
                      distinctive post-1945 formula of democratic capitalism. These critics are almost all other writers,
                      making this essentially a work of intellectual history and intellectual jousting... Anderson draws his
                      intellectual portraits deftly; his discussion of Hardt and Negri is especially telling and pungent. The
                      focus on sins of intellectual omission and commission suggests that the portraitist operates with very
                      specific assumption: that a political system like that of today's Western countries ultimately rests on
                      the beliefs in people's heads...

                   RADIO




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_ 0012686
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Manhattan Institute Daily Wrapup                                                                                 Page 3 of 3




                       Paul Howard on WPTF's "Morning News with Jack Boston"
                       This morning, Wednesday, February 27, 2008, Paul Howard, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute's
                       Center for Medical Progress, discussed Presidential candidates' health care proposals on the "Morning
                       News with Jack Boston," airing out of Raleigh, NC.


                       David Gratzer on WIBA's "Upfront with Vicki McKenna"
                       On Tuesday, February 26, 2008, David Gratzer, senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute's Center for
                       Medical Progress, discussed health care reform on "Upfront with Vicki McKenna," airing out of Madison,
                       WI.

                    WEB MAGAZINES


                       PointofLaw.com
                       Sexual Harassment Bait and Switch
                       Posted by Hans Bader
                       In sexual harassment cases, many courts play a game of bait and switch with employers. When they
                       want to hold the employer liable, they claim that harassment requires no showing of wrongful or
                       discriminatory intent at all, making the employer liable even for conduct that unintentionally offended
                       the plaintiff, such as speech that the plaintiff overhears and is offended by. But when it comes time to
                       impose or collect damages, they suddenly switch positions and claim that harassment Is not only
                       intentionally discriminatory, but willful and malicious.. .


                       MedicalProgressTodav.com - News, Commentary , Research , and More
                       Every day, look to t4edicalProgressToday.com for a daily round-up of the most important medical news,
                       commentary, research and more!


                    Sincerely,
                    William G . Zeiser     Samara M. Klar          Bridget E. Sweeney
                    Press Officer          Press Officer           Press Officer

                                 Press inquiries can be directed to the Manhattan Institute Communications Department:
                                                 communicationsna manhijan-institute.orq, 212.599.7000


                                            Manhattan Institute for Policy Research I Join Man attan Institute

                                         Please follow the link to select your email update preferences, click here.
                            Or if you would like to unsubscribe, please reply to us and type " Unsubseribe in the subject line.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0012687
