Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :   Share, Jeff [jshare@oildom.com]
                 Sent:    Wednesday, February 27, 2008 7:40 AM
                 To:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Suzy Ginsburg; Ken Medlock; Kennett; Jim - Bloomberg; Houston; Kevin
                          Huntsman; marcelino@petrobras.com.br; Margaret Downing; Cooper, Margaret J; Daily; Matt -
                          Reuters; New York; Marsha Short; Epstein; Victor - Bloomberg; Houston; ajdave@uh.edu;
                          ahugg@smu.edu; Anne White; Anne White; Bill White; cpirrong@uh.edu; chamber@braziltexas.org;
                          energypipelinenews@earthlink.net; Eade; Trevor; Eileen O'Grady; Barron's - various reporters and
                          editors; Gretchen Jacobson; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); George King; Gold; Russell -
                          WSJ Dallas Bureau; Gary Vasey; Henry de La Garza; Hays; Kristen - Houston Chronicle; AP Main
                          Desk; Houston Bureau; Lynette Dimeola; lisa.nutting@apachecorp.com; Nicholas Kelly; Natalie
                          Zawada; rgnelsonl936@earthlink.net; RHOFFMANN@INGAA.ORG; Reimer Bros; LaVonn; Rand;
                          Raymond Poltorak; Rosero Pefia Ivett Monserrat; Shook; Barbara - Energy Intell. Grp/Nat Gas
                          Week/PIW - Houston; Sharpe; Willie Mae; Stavinoha; Katie; sanslinger@comcast.net;
                          thomas.barrett@dot.gov; Tessa.Anderson@CH2M.com; Terri Douglas; tricia.bruns@paceglobal.com;
                          Tommy Landry; Fowler; Tom - Houston Chronicle
                 Subject: M. pipeline opportunities conference March 25 in Houston

                Alaskan Gasline Team to Discuss North Slope Pipeline at Pipeline
                Opportunities Conference
                HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is sending her gasline team
                to Houston on March 25 to update attendees at the 4th Annual Pipeline Opportunities
                Conference with the latest news on the proposed North Slope natural gas pipeline
                project.

                The announcement comes amid increasing pressure from Washington lawmakers to get
                moving on the landmark project quickly. Palin has made no secret of her determination
                to see a pipeline built with or without the support of the major producers . Her gasline
                team is holding statewide meetings on the project and the trip to Houston will mark their
                first presentation outside of Alaska.

                Pipeline & Gas Journal Editor Jeff Share, who has organized the conference, said the
                gasline team 's presentation is a rare opportunity to learn first-hand about the project
                that will affect the entire industry for years to come.

                "There are new developments almost every day regarding the project and just as many
                questions because it's the granddaddy of all pipelines," Share said. "This will be an
                opportunity to hear for the first time what is really happening for those in the know."

                The gasline delegation fills out an array of speakers representing pipeline interests from
                the tip of North America to the bottom of South America. They will speak during the
                lunch break following a report by Jackie Broussard and the Great Ideas Company
                entitled "A New Approach: The Positive Economic Value Pipelines Bring To Our
                Economy And Communities." She will present research findings from 100 plus industry
                executives who endorse non-traditional thinking for the pipeline industry.

                Petrobras , Brazil's national energy company which has rapidly grown into a major force
                in the Western Hemisphere, will detail more than $10 billion in pipeline projects over the
                next five years; its new technological developments, and its plans to transport ethanol.



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012688
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                The conference will include two morning sessions on oil products pipelines, represented by
                keynote speaker Norm Szydlowksi, president and CEO of Colonial Pipeline Co., and panelists
                Perry Schuldhaus of Enbridge Pipelines; Robert Jones of TransCanada's Keystone Pipeline
                project; Mike Mears of Magellan Midstream Partners, and Cheryl Trench of Allegro Energy
                Consulting.

                In the afternoon, an extended session will convene to discuss project development in the
                natural gas transmission sector, represented by Bryan Neskora of El Paso Corp.; Mackie
                McCrea of Energy Transfer Midstream Operations; Mike Moran of Southern Union Group;
                William Penney, Jr., of Spectra Energy; Kim Watson of Kinder Morgan, and Doug Evans of
                Gulf Interstate Engineering.

                Sessions will also be held on workforce and environmental issues. Speakers will also
                represent GE Oil & Gas; Bechtel; Beirne, Maynard & Parsons; and the Interstate Natural Gas
                Association of America (INGAA), which is sponsoring the event with P&GJ.

                The conference will be held in the Grand Ballroom at the Hyatt Regency at 1200 Louisiana St.,
                Houston. A limited number of rooms are reserved. For information, contact the hotel at 713-
                654-1234 and ask for the conference rate of $169.

                To register for the conference visit www.paionline.com or contact conference manager Karen
                Francis at 281-558-6930 x 222. The cost is $225 in advance and discounts are available for
                others registering from the same company.

                Contacts
                Pipeline & Gas Journal
                Jeff Share, 281-558-6930 x 218




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_ 0012689
