Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 5


                Unknown

                 From :   Silveraurora [silvera@mtaonline.net]
                 Sent:    Wednesday, February 27, 2008 3:27 PM
                 To:      Gerlach; Robert F (DEC); 'theider'; McLaughlin; Joseph B (HSS); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton;
                          Dan (DEC); Ryan; Kristin J (DEC); Fuller; Jay D (DEC); Rice; Cherie L (DEC); Havemeister; Franc! A
                          (DNR); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored); rainy4279@aol.com;
                          rep_carl_gatto@legis. state. ak.us; rep_mark_neuman@ legis.state. ak.us; goatmilk@gci.net;
                          rqw@mtaonline. net; safallon@aol .com; Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Green; Lyda N (LAA);
                          artemisdreaming@hotmail.com; rep_anna_fairclough@ Iegis.state . ak.us;
                          rep_craig_johnson@legis. state. ak .us; rep scott_kawasaki @legis.state . ak.us; Roses ; Bob (LAA);
                          Edgmon; Bryce E (LAA); Guttenberg; David (LAA); Kelly; Mike (LAA); Seaton ; Paul (LAA); Wilson;
                          Peggy A (LAA); Butler; Jay (HSS-CDC); Castrodale; Louisa J (HSS); 'Silveraurora';
                          tfarm@mabeitel.coop; Havemeister; Franci A (DNR); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); agusty@ktva.com;
                          Shattuck; Rex (LAA); 'Heather Christensen'; 'Heather Fair; ralph@akchip.com
                 Cc:      DEC Legislative Contacts
                 Subject: RE: 367
                Dr. Gerlach, I appreciate your comments below and taking the time to address this issue. Where
                in this House Bill does it say that raw milk sold to the consumer will only be consumed raw? It
                does NOT. While many consumers prefer to drink raw milk much as they prefer to eat raw fish
                in Sushi Bars and Steak Tartar (ground raw beef) in some of the finest restaurants in Alaska, this
                law does not prohibit the consumer from pasteurizing the milk they take home from a farm if
                they so choose. To jump to the conclusion that all Alaskans will drink only fresh raw milk
                purchased in it's raw state is preposterous. To require all Alaskans to cook their milk before
                consumption is equally preposterous . The enzymes and natural cultures present in raw milk
                makes some of the finest fresh artisan cheeses in this world today. If I want to buy raw milk and
                make fresh cheese for myself and my family, I am intelligent enough to follow directions and do
                so. The present law PROHIBITS MY ABILITY TO DO SO legally.

                We in Alaska do not need a law that requires us to cook all raw fruits, raw vegetables, raw meats,
                raw fish, nor raw eggs, nor do we need a law requiring us to cook (or purchase only cooked)
                milk. The right to purchase fresh raw products from local producers including raw milk is in
                place, by law, in the majority of states in the United States, preserving the rights of citizens,
                RELIGIOUS CULTURES, ETHNIC CULTURES, and the citizen 's right to freedom of
                choice.

                From Christianity Today magazine, February 27, 2008:
                "3. You gotta fight for your right to raw milk
                Milk that comes straight from the cow tastes a lot different than the kind you buy in the store.
                Partly, that's because pasteurization kills off the bacteria and destroys the milk's vitamins. In
                response a lot of farmers, including many Christians, drink their milk raw. Unfortunately for
                them, it's illegal to sell raw milk. But you can drink your milk from your own cow. Some farmers
                sell shares of their cows and give the "owners" their raw milk.
                You can be sure that plenty of farmers are watching the case of Arlie Stutzman, who was busted
                for selling an undercover agent raw milk. "While I can and I have food, I'll share it," said
                Stutzman, who is Amish. "Do unto others what you would have others do unto you."
                "We know people are deprived of this real food," he told The Washington Post."

               I don't believe that I need to go into great detail here on behalf of the many ethnic and religious
               cultures present in Alaska today, including Amish as an example above, and each group's



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                       I
                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 5


                 specific milk procurement and handling dictations, but will be happy to if needed. We are reminded to
                 respect those ethnic cultures and religions in Alaska that require raw milk as part of their practices. The
                 population of Alaska is not solely made of up of Ethno-Europeans - all Alaskans should be treated fairly
                 and equitably and have the right to purchase raw milk directly from the producer.

                Those of us who are asking our state Representatives and Senators to allow Alaskans to join the
                 *majority* of the states allowing the sale of raw milk directly from the farmer to the consumer are only
                requesting the right to procure the freshest, most wholesome product for our selves and our families.
                What an individual does at home with anything legally purchased should be left up to that individual,
                not a department of the Government of Alaska that is in place to serve Alaskans. In this society of up to
                the minute internet conversations and education there is no need for the state to prohibit the sale of raw
                milk directly from the farmer to the consumer any longer. There is no need any longer for the
                government to hold my and other's hands and tell me that I and others are a bad person for purchasing
                any fresh item from the local producer of my choice - purchase raw milk for personal use, whatever that
                use may be in the privacy of our homes, to include but not limited to drinking it cooked, raw, or white-
                washing a barn with it. Since one of the DEC's inspectors * this week* has told a local Grade A milk
                producer to cease and desist from selling raw milk via cow shares, ALL raw milk sales in Alaska are
                now said to be illegal and I just will not just sit and allow an outdated law to take away my right to
                choose without standing up for my rights and those of my fellow Alaskans. There is no reason for
                Alaskans to purchase and have flown in fresh raw milk from another state. I am asking our State
                Representatives and Senators to continue to support the rights of it's citizens to have the freedom to
                choose, to include the purchase of fresh raw milk from the producer of each individual's choice. There is
                no longer a need for the state to require the delivery of all raw milk produced in this state to a state-
                owned creamery; nor is there a need any longer for the state to protect it's financial investments in the
                repeatedly-failed state-sponsored dairies of the 80's and 90's. That dismal chapter in our state's history
                is closed! It is time to move on and allow the citizens of Alaska to buy fresh raw milk from the small or
                large producer themselves and to support Alaska's economy. It is time to allow the citizens of Alaska
                the freedom of choice without fear of legal prosecution , that legal right which the majority of other
                US citizens have already in place. Please let the citizens of Alaska have the legal right to purchase any
                farm product produced in this state, including farm fresh raw milk, as they so choose.

                With respect,
                Suzanne Nevada
                District 15
                Wasilla
                907-373-2687



                From : Gerlach, Robert F (DEC) [mailto:bob.gerlach@alaska.gov]
                Sent :. Wednesday, February 27, 2008 12:19 PM
                To: theider; McLaughlin, Joseph B (HSS); Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC); Easton, Dan (DEC); Ryan, Kristin J (DEC);
                Fuller, Jay D (DEC); Rice, Cherie L (DEC); Havemeister, Franc! A (DNR); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV
                sponsored); rainy4279@aol.com; rep_carLgatto@legis.state.ak.us; rep mark neuman@legis.state.ak.us;
                goatmilk@gci.net; rqw@mtaonline.net; safallon@aol.com; Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA);
                artemisdreaming@hotmail.com; rep_anna_fairclough@legis.state.ak.us; rep_craig_johnson@ legis.state .ak.us;
                rep_Scott_kawasaki@legis.state.ak.us; Roses, Bob (LAA); Edgmon, Bryce E (LAA); Guttenberg, David (LAA);
                Kelly, Mike (LAA); Seaton, Paul (LAA); Wilson, Peggy A (LAA); Butler, Jay (HSS-CDC); Castrodale, Louisa
                Cc: Silveraurora; DEC Legislative Contacts
                Subject : RE: 367

                Ms. Heider,



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012707
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 3 of 5


                I appreciate your email and feel that it is your right and responsibility to question the regulations and ask for a
                justification of why they are in place. At this time the regulations regarding the sale an processing of dairy
                products prohibit the sale and distribution of raw milk in Alaska. This is consistent with the regulations of 21 other
                states . I thought you should know the topic of raw milk is very popular and being discussed in several
                states . Many authorities have been consulted and in order to protect the public health the following agencies and
                groups to oppose the sale and distribution of raw milk to the public due the health hazards associated with the
                product.

                        Alaska Department of Health, and Social Services
                        American Medical Association
                        American Veterinary Medical Association
                        American Academy of Pediatricians
                        American Public Health Association
                        Centers for Disease Control
                        Federal Food and Drug Administration
                        International Association for Food Protection

                        National Farm Bureau
                        National Association of States Departments of Agriculture
                        National Environmental Health Association
                        National Association of Food and Drug Officials


                It is not my intention to prohibit or deny your choice to drink raw milk but it is the of this position of this office and
                the Department of Health and Social Services to protect public health. That is why neither this office nor the
                Department of Health and Social Services can support the sale and distribution of raw milk to the public.

                I have had similar questions regarding the ones that you have raised about the other raw foods and the risk of
                food borne diseases. The degree of risk varies depending on the origin of the food product, how it is raised, how
                it is handled and marketed and how, it is handled (stored and cooked) by the consumer. There is no doubt the
                risk associated with raw foods is much greater. Chicken, beef, eggs and some seafood although sold raw
                are handled in such a manner to reduce the contamination with disease causing pathogens and these are
                intended to be cooked to eliminate any pathogens that may be inherently present in the product. The public
                health Officials in Alaska as well as the federal agencies regulating foods try to minimize the disease risk to the
                public by requiring certain procedures to be followed at critical handling or processing steps each specific to the
                type of food. For milk , pasteurization has been the process used to reduce the risk of food borne diseases. The
                goal is to minimize the risk as much as possible. It is impossible to eliminate the risk completely, only to reduce it
                in an attempt to stop the negative effects of a food borne disease outbreak.

                Unfortunately, the current scientific research shows the risks associated with raw food products is increasing.
                One area of increased risk is the greater incidence of multidrug resistant bacteria being found on farms and on
                agricultural products. These pathogens are resistant to the standard treatment offered by the medical profession,
                require extraordinary measures to manage and put patients at greater risk for a poor prognosis and outcome.
                The historic evidence illustrates that about 90 % of the food borne outbreaks associated with raw milk have
                occurred in states that regulate the sale of the product . Several states that allow the sale of raw milk have just
                revised their regulations in an attempt to deal with this problem. California , for example, in response to an
                disease outbreak (September 2006) in January 2007 tightened the regulations regarding the sale of raw milk. It
                is not possible to eliminate the risk associated with raw milk but it may be reduced by pasteurization . If you are
                interested in finding more information concerning the outbreak in California or other states, I would encourage you
                to contact the state health departments involved in the investigation since I have found this information to be most
                accurate.

                In evaluating the risk of food borne disease related to dairy products, I focus on the dairy products and only
                compare the risks associated with raw milk in comparison to pasteurized milk products . Using this comparison
                the risks associated with raw milk products are significantly greater. It is important to remember that pasteurized
                milk is not sterilized and as I mentioned there is risk associated with all food products. In this case the logic
                is sound, compare the risks associated with similar food groups, use regulations to minimize the risk of disease as



                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0012708
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 4 of 5


                best as we are able to protect public health.

                Thank you for your email,
                Bob Gerlach


                Robert F Gerlach VMD

                Alaska State Veterinarian

                5251 Hinkle Road

                Anchorage , AK 99507
                (907)375-8214 FAX:(907)929-7335

                Bob.gerlach@alaska.gov
                Do you have livestock?
                You need a premises identification number.
                Please call (907) 375 8200 to register




                From : theider [mailto:tianih@mtaonline.net]
                Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 7:34 AM
                To: McLaughlin, Joseph B (HSS); Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC); Easton, Dan (DEC); Ryan, Kristin J (DEC); Fuller, Jay
                D (DEC); Rice, Cherie L (DEC); Havemeister, Franci A (DNR); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored);
                rainy4279@aol.com; rep_carl_gatto@legis.state .ak.us; rep_mark_neuman@ legis.state .ak.us; goatmilk@gci.net;
                rqw@mtaonline.net; safallon@aol.com; Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA);
                artemisdreaming@hotmail.com; rep_anna_fairclough@ legis.state.ak.us; rep_craig_johnson@legis.state .ak.us;
                rep_Scott_kawasaki@legis.state. ak.us ; Roses, Bob (LAA); Edgmon, Bryce E (LAA); Guttenberg, David (LAA);
                Kelly, Mike (LAA); Seaton, Paul (LAA); Wilson, Peggy A (LAA); Gerlach, Robert F (DEC)
                Cc: Silveraurora
                Subject : HB: 367
                Importance: High

                I wish to voice my support in favor of raw milk, and raw milk products sales.

               There are a number of reasons for my wholehearted support-

               Alaskans are already able to either grow, catch, or harvest quite a number of raw products (shellfish, fishes,
               berries, wild game, vegetables they grow, and other edibles from the wildlands ) locally . From subsistence
               hunter/gatherers, to suburban residents who scour the forest for mushrooms , fiddle head ferns and edible greens
               to enhance a healthy diet, we are well versed in proper and safe food handling and preparation . Why would raw
               milk be any different?

               In the stores are 100s of raw products from unknown locations that are subjected to tremendous shipping lengths-
               such as eggs , milk products , fruits , vegetables , fish, and of course grocery shelves brimming with "short shelf life"
               meats of all kinds . Also deli meats and foods prepared thousands of miles away and offered to Alaskans every
               day. On many of these products , there is no signage informing the consumer where the product came from, let
               alone when it was harvested or prepared . Just an "expiration date" on refrigerated items.

               With fresh, local raw milk and milk products, I will know where the milk comes from. I will be able to see for myself
               the farming practises , examine the premises and make an informed decision about whether to purchase It for my
               family. I cannot do this with imported milki Instead, I am forced to buy milk that often "goes off" In the gallon jug
               within days of opening . If the farm does not meet my personal criteria for safe handling , then I can chose another
               producer. I cannot do this as it is today. A "short shelf life" is of no concern to me, as raw milk will undoubtedly be
               fresher and healthier than what is shipped in currently. I have always supported Alaskan products in my



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0012709
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 5 of 5


                purchases , why should fresh local dairy products be out of my reach?

                As a mother and consumer, 1 cannot even identify produce in grocery stores that comes from countries whose
                production methods are questionable . When there is a recall of some type, we are at the "end of the food chain"
                and thus , most of the item has already been purchased and in many cases consumed . With local raw milk and
                raw milk products , we would indeed have dairy items "fresher by far" and people who have health concerns would
                 have a choice. I want this choice for myself and my family.

                Since I do not farm, or have dairy animals of any type, I am unable to provide this healthy alternative (raw milk) to
                my family. The decision to restrict sales seems to be based upon inaccurate and unproven reports of disease
                and/or illness in the Lower 48. Most were "attributed" to very large scale operations , which is not the situation we
                have here in Alaska. Here we have a handful of struggling dairies and small livestock owners , and I say we should
                let the Alaska consumer prove their viability, instead of choking off an entire market sector with unecessary and
                outdated regulations.

                As a person who has lived in several remote spots in Alaska in the 60s and 70s, I can firmly state that canned,
                powdered,, and air shipped milk are inferior in quality to raw milk. I do recall times when "the barge" was either
                lost, or delayed.... meaning no milk (or produce) available at all , sometimes for weeks . I have heard that there are
                dairy animals in the Bush .... why restrict raw milk, which is healthier, and fresh, from those communities? Is that a
                wise "use" of community resources?

                In my mind, the issue of raw milk sales in Alaska is about choice . I want the freedom to chose for myself and my
                family! Having the choice to purchase direct from the farmer or producer supports not only Alaska agriculture, but
                the health of our residents.

                In a time when diversifying our tiny agricultural base is crucial to our future, it would seem obvious that Alaska
                should join the other 28 states who allow raw milk sales.

                I urge you to support sales of raw milk and raw milk products with HB 367

                Respectfully

                Tiani Heider
                4457 S . Philie Drive
                Wasilla , Alaska 99654
                (907) 357-0542




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0012710
