Unknown

From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                    Monday, April 21, 2008 4:23 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state.ak .us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state. ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 10:38 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Laura Wilson

address : 2295 Keeney Rd North Pole AK 99705

 907-488-2297



MESSAGE:

I know that this email will be read before it reaches Gov. Palin, however it is designed to be on a
personal level, not political. I first want to say congratulations on the birth of Trig, your family has
been truly blessed. It has not been officially confirmed, however assuming the accuracy of the press
(which we know is not always accurate), you have been blessed with a child with Downs Syndrome.
My family was also given a child with Downs, we however didn't know until she was born. I want to
simply reach out a hand of support to a family that will go through many ups and downs, we have.
We have always seen Lorren's possibilities, but we still feel the fear of the world and how it will treat
her as she gets older. But it is impossible to stay in that thought pattern, she has a way of
brightening every moment. I know you will find this to be true of Trig. I know you will have many
people offering to help you, you are the Governor after all, but should you ever need a family t

hat has been (and still is where you are at), we offer our help and support. One piece of advice I
would give you at to start with... don't read the medical stuff about all the things that can go wrong, it
is very scary and daunting, and truth be known, all children (you have 4 others and will know this)are
at risk in some manner, so take each day at a time and don't worry about what might happen. I know
that as Governor, you will also face a microscope to see how you handle this "curve ball" in your life,
and I am sorry for that, most of us get to handle these "challenges" prvately, but know that some of
us truly do understand that everything you do is as a Mother, and not a political figure. I am probably
rambling, and offering thoughts that are unsolicited, but I am offering a support system should you
need it. I know I am a stranger, but my heart and thoughts go out to you, but not in sympathy, but as
                                                     1
                                                                                     ROSTON 02229




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
a Mom.



goingcrazymom5@yahoo.com




                                     z                      ROSTON 02230




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
