Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From :     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent:      Wednesday, February 27, 2008 12:50 PM
                To:        Mike Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                Cc:        kris.perry@alaska. gov; Mike Nizich ; Frank Bailey
                Subject: DC Office/personnel changes

               Sam Bishop advised me today that he and his wife have decided to move back to
               Fairbanks. They and their children want to be closer to family and friends. Sam
               will be leaving the DC office effective July 1.

               As Allison Nyholm has mentioned, she will be getting married and moving to Salt
               Lake City. Her last day in the DC office will be sometime in May.

               I am sorry to loose both of them. They have been excellent public servants, but I
               respect their decision that family always comes first.

               I wanted you to be aware of these developments rather than hearing about them
               from the Alaska grapevine. Of course, their leaving will have a significant impact on
               the DC office, and I'm beginning to think about competent replacements. If either of
               you or the other addressees on this email have thoughts about possible candidates,
               please let me know. In the meantime, I will look around myself both in Alaska and
               among Alaskans back here.


               Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
               jwkatz@alaskadc.or_g. Thank you .




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                  P RA_GS P01 _0012720
