Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
           Sent :                   Thursday, February 28, 2008 3:17 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Elections




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.usJ

           Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2008 2:47 PM

           To:'Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



           Web mail from: Mr. Bradley Clark

           address: 188 Boat Dock Road Lakeview AR 72642

             a70-405-5744




           MESSAGE:

           Mrs. Palin:

           I was recently informed that there is a possibility of you receiving the vice presidential
           nomination from John Mccain's campaign.   As a citizen of Arkansas and a great lover of the
           state of Alaska, i would like to extend my support for you to do so. I knew nothing about
           you until i had heard this was a possibility, so i have spent the afternoon studying your
           voting record.   I have many disagreements with Senator Mccain on issues of immigration,
           and his financial policies. If you were to run on his ticket, i would be more than happy
           to "pull. the lever" for Sen. Mccain. I believe you would be a balance to the issues i do
           not agree with him on. From studying your voting record in the state of Alaska, I am
           impressed.   If only we had a governor with the same conservative principals as you do in
           Arkansas,   I know you have a busy schedule and dont have much time to read e-mails. I
           just felt compelled to send my support to you, and continue in your quest for conservatism
           in today's gove

           rnment.   I know it    is hard. I am extremely interested in the political realm of this
           country.   I listen    and support' people such as Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, and
           William F. Buckley     who just recently passed away. I would like to encourage you to
           consider this vice     presidential nomination if it is so offered .  We need you, Mrs. Palin.
           Thank you:



            Bradley Clark



            clarkbradleyl@hotmail.com


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0012725
