Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :   Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Friday, February 29, 2008 11:40 AM
                To:      ExternalEmailgsp; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: sirius radio
                Would you like to do a 10-15 minute interview radio show next week?
                It would be on Sirius Satellite Radio on the "Wilkow Majority" with host Andrew Wilkow,
                the youngest national conservative talk show host.
                No specific agenda, just a "get to know you" interview.

                Janice said your schedule would work for either Tuesday or Wednesday next week.
                If you'd like to do this, Sharon can follow up with the producer.

                About Andrew Wilkow
                "Reagan is good for business" was Andrew's introduction to politics. " I was real little, but
                that's what my dad used to say." Andrew Wilkow began his radio career at the college
                radio station. Conservative leaning politics were always his heart and he expressed his
                views on the air regularly, much to the anger of his co-workers. "I was basically just anti-
                P.C. at first." He broke out of music radio in 2002 when he was given a trial/fill-in slot for
                Mark Levin on his hometown station, WABC in NYC. "That was huge and that's when I
                first met Sean Hannity." Soon after that he earned a weekend slot then a full time job at
                an upstate station.] basically did a 300 mile roundtrip every weekend for over 3 years to
                do both shows. Wilkow's move to SIRIUS brings his new sound of conservative talk
                radio to a national audience. To quote Andrew, "Now is the time for the new school of
                conservative voices with a whole new style and passion - moving to SIRIUS lets me
                take that style and passion nationwide."

                Beth


                Sharon - here's the contact info.
                Nick Rizzutto
                Sirius Radio
                212-901-6529

               Program runs from 12-3 p.m. EST (8-11 a.m. AST)
               Would interview at 2 p.m. EST, which would be 10 a.m. AST.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01 0012752
