Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From: TIM SCHOENBERG [TSCHOENBERG@PSEA.NET]
                 Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2008 4:38 PM
                 To:    Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                 Cc:   Troopers; John Cyr; Rob Cox; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV)
                Commissioner Kreitzer,
                 Subject: (no subject)

                I have recently read correspondence from a meeting with John Cyr the business manger of Public
                Safety Employees Association in which Annette Kreitzer was quoted as saying "...if Troopers
                and APFO's don't like their pay and/or jobs they should get a d fferentjob. If that creates
                vacancies then so be it. "

                Additionally in a correspondence with a trooper's wife Annette Kreitzer wrote. "I have said in
                conversations with union representatives meeting in my office that I recognize that there will be
                some (in any negotiation, not just with PSEA) who will not be happy with the outcome of a
                particular contract and who may leave State service. This is not my wish, nor a desired outcome
                of any negotiation. I simply state it as an observation ".

                This does not look favorable on your negotiating team or the administration. I would truly like
                for you to address these issues. From your prospective I understand the need to have clarity. It
                appears from part of your response to a trooper's wife you care. However, as I read the
                correspondence I personally am perplexed. I can tell you from my perspective that troopers and
                their families are becoming frustrated and even angry. Does this administration not care to listen
                to the training and experience of its commanders? I read from state web page part of your
                position as the Commissioner of the Department of Administration. "Alaskans expect and
                deserve access to government with excellent service from State employees. We have many fine
                State employees, and need to continue to bring in and mentor younger workers to fill the ranks of
                seasoned employees who will be retiring ". Has your position changed?

                The commanders of the Alaska State Troopers are telling the states leader and you personally
                Annette Kreitzer that they are in great need of troopers. They are also telling you that the benefit
                package is a big part of the problem. As a manager you listen to your team. You then draw from
                their training and experience to come to a solid decision. Respectfully, I am not seeing this from
                Annette Kreitzer.

                Your work history has shown you to be a successful business manger in business and shows
                you're a manager of people. Standing before you and your team you have been provided the
                facts from leaders of the Alaska State Troopers telling you what they need. You have families
                and troopers' telling you what is happening on the frontline. You have hard data telling you we
                are losing people to higher paying jobs. You have statistical data telling you that we are not
                keeping up with inflation. An even in your own words in a recent article you have stated "there
                is a constant drum beat coming from other department heads that it is difficult to find qualified
                job candidates in Juneau. The city's high housing costs make some lower paid state jobs
                unattractive ". I would submit to you that it is not only in Juneau it is across the state for many
                departments not just the Department of Public. Safety.

                In your own word to the state you tell us "We have many fine State employees and need to
                continue to bring in and mentor younger workers to fill the ranks ". What is your plan to
                complete this? How do you plan on retaining quality Troopers? How do you plan on bringing in



                 1.0/29/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSPOI 0012753
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 3


                and mentoring younger workers to fill the ranks? I would ask you to listen to the voice from the
                members who are currently protecting the streets that you and your family are walking. Listen to the
                leaders with the training and experience telling you the benefit package is a big part of the problem.
                 Without our senior people with the training and experience it is difficult to visualize mentoring.

                From my perspective as 21 year trooper and a supervisor, I feel as though you may not be properly
                informed. However, I fail to see how this can be true. The vision I have of what is happening amongst
                the troopers is. they are not feeling valued or appreciated for the service they are providing for citizens
                and this government. Not only am I seeing this on the very basic level of the troopers working the
                streets, but I am seeing and feeling it'as a result of a recent contract with the supervisors union. I know
                it has been met with great disappointment. It is killing their morale. Is this your vision of how to
                "retain fine State employees and continue to bring in and mentor younger workers to fill the ranks". I
                suspect from a posting regarding the contract for the supervisors union you may see this as win for the
                state. I personally disagree. I believe you have shown them that they are not valued or appreciated for
                what they are trying to accomplish. From a managers point of view I believe you have lost their Trust.
                They can not count on administration to give them the very basic tools to complete the job. I would
                request that you look at our commands Strategic Compass. This may enlighten you on their vision and
                their need.

                As a supervisor I can tell you the citizens are complaining. Please feel free to share this with your
                leaders. When we have 18 month troopers training 6 month troopers I see problems . We are currently
                at this point. We are struggling to cover shifts. We pay overtime to call troopers in to cover manpower
                shortages. We have troopers leaving for better paying jobs. We can not adequately investigate cases do
                to manpower shortage. I have citizens coming in to my office in tears because they are not getting the
                service they need or deserve. These very incidents brought me to my supervisors to ask them what the
                administration wants to tell the public because we do not have the depth, experience, or the manpower to
                take care of the citizen. Who is the citizen? One that sticks in my mind is a 70 year old former military
                soldier. He came into my office crying because his house was burglarized . I can tell you we did not
                adequately serve his needs. I tried to rectify that but the plain truth of is we lost his trust. We were not
                able to adequately investigate his case. Why because we did not have the experience or the depth on
                shift to cover the needs. This is not how I want to honor him? This incident which is one of many,
                should have a profound affect on what is a problem for our leaders. I can tell you this is just one of many
                complaints we have had resulting from the lack of manpower, experience and depth.

                I respectfully ask you is this the best Annette Kreitzer can do for the State of Alaska? Is this the best the
                administration can do for the State of Alaska? I am mystified how a manager and a leader can have such
                a great opportunity to make a significant worthy change with so much information at her fingertips and
                fails to embrace it. Please enlighten the citizen and our people regarding this issue ? As I envision this,
                your team could easily lead this administration into one of the most successful and well respected forms
                of government know to the State of Alaska. The people want to give their trust. They want to believe in
                a unified and strong government by the people and for the people . I am asking Annette Kreitzer, your
                negotiating team and this administration to move to make a worthy and significant change and give the
                Department of Public Safety the tools to recruit and retain quality people. We need a fair and quality
                contract and benefit package to achieve this goal. I am truly concerned that three years and another
                contract may be too late. I will continue to work on sending your team and the administration additional
                information about the quality of men and women we have. My hope is that we will all understand what
                is needed. In you own words "To retain j me State employees and continue to bring in and mentor
                younger workers to fill the ranks ".

                If you have any questions feel free to contact me. If you desire to see what is happening first hand
                I would be more than willing to arrange it for you or your teams observations. If we work



                10129/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0012754
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3


                together we can accomplish a greater goal.

                Respectfully,

                Sgt. Tim Schoenberg
                907-451-2968




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012755
