Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                  Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From :      CHERYL L GILMOUR [CLGILMOUR@PSEA.NET]
                Sent :      Thursday, February 28, 2008 5:50 PM
                To:         Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                Cc:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV)
                Subject : "Good Policing... Is the First Line of Defense... Against Human Rights Violations"
               Dear Commissioner Kreitzer:

               "Good Policing ...Is the First Line of Defense... Against Human Rights Violations "...this quote came from a United
               Nations speaker at a Women In Policing Conference, years ago. I remember this quote daily when getting ready to
               work. "Good Policing is about hiring enough good people, training them to be better , giving them laws that enable
               them to protect citizens". It is imperative that DPS employees are able allowed to do their jobs.

               We all know that Law Enforcement Officers have been exposed to number of diseases while performing our
               jobs ...HEB, TB, HIV, and now Meth Labs. These factors are a significant danger to all of us, from the VPSO who
               responded to a Domestic Violence call, CSO serving writs or having the defendant at Arraignments , a Trooper
               trying to remove a child from the situation or Investigate a crime. We all have exposure to these types of conditions
               in trying to protect and serve the citizens of Alaska.

               One of the hiring slogans for the Troopers is "ordinary people doing extraordinary things" ...the reality of the
               situation is DPS requires "extraordinary people to do extraordinary assignments ". It is the job of this administration
               to make it possible for this to happen by good contracts and support of their employees . You expose the most
               vulnerable of our citizens to less then our best when you do not provide the resources required.

               I was born and raised in Alaska and so were my children. I have been a state employee for 18 years and worked as a
               CSO for the last 15 years. I am very proud to work for Alaska State Troopers and the citizens of Alaska.
               Sincerely,

               Cheryl L. Gilmour
               P.O. Box 83357
               Fairbanks, AK. 99708




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                PSEA Negotiations                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :       STEVEN R LANTZ [SRLANTZ@PSEA.NET]
                Sent:        Thursday, February 28, 2008 8:18 AM
                To:          Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:          Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Troopers; Rob Cox; John Cyr
                Subject : PSEA Negotiations
                Gov. Palin

                I was saddened today to learn that contract negotiations between our great State of Alaska, rich in resources and
                revenue, and that of our Public Safety Employees Association are failing.

                I was saddened to learn that you and. your designee, specifically DOA Commissioner Kreitzer, have a "if Troopers
                and APFO's don't like their pay and/or jobs they should get a different job. If that creates vacancies then so be it"
                approach to your finest resource: the men and woman of law enforcement.

                Fact is Governor Palin you can't hire someone else. You, the Governor of this great State, haven't been able to fill
                the roughly 50 vacant positions the Dept, of Public Safety currently has. You, Gov. Palin, can't fill them because
                the State Trooper wage and benefits are not competitive with other agencies in this state or in this country.

               Additionally, Governor Palin, the failure to fill funded Trooper positions is a DANGER to the citizens of this Great
               State. Incidentally it is also a danger to the Troopers you care so little about. Would it be unreasonable to see
               lawsuits from widowed spouses when their loved ones die as a result of poor staffing levels. Costing the State much
               more then that of a competitive wage.

               What was once the premiere law enforcement agency in the state and arguable the nation has been diminished to a
               training ground for agencies such as the Anchorage Police Department, Fairbanks Police Department , Sitka Police
               Department, and even Juneau Police Department who all provide better working conditions, wages, and benefits
               then your Dept. of Public Safety.

               Governor Palin I think the voting public would be absolutely horrified to know that you and your administration
               have a reckless disregard for the quality of law enforcement they receive. A disregard for their very safety you
               pledged to not only provide but improve.

               The Great State of Alaska enjoys unprecedented revenue surplus's that won't soon go away. It enjoys a multi
               billion dollar savings account in the PFD. Millions, no Billions , continue to poor into this state as a result of
               $100/barrel oil while your citizens, your employees, and State Troopers alike struggle to pay for their utilities as a
               result of that same $100/barrel oil. Troopers in rural communities are borrowing money from family to pay bills
               Gov, Palin. They surely appreciate a 4% wage and "we don't care" offer.

               Your Commissioner of DOA presented an offer of a 4% wage increase for the folks who put their lives on the line
               for families like yours. I don't have to tell you that does not come close to inflation . That doesn't cover the increase
               in cost of electric much less fuel, food, medical costs, and housing costs . Law Enforcement Officers working for
               YOU are using the money their children, like yours, receive from the PFD to buy them clothes and food. There was
               a time when your Law Enforcement Officers could invest their children's PFD for college. I'm sure you are. Your
               State Troopers and Airport Fire and Police Officers are working hundreds of hours of overtime because they are
               short staffed and to make ends meet financially.

               I wait anxiously to see what the citizen response will be when they find out their Governor Palin has a reckless
               disregard for their safety and that of their families. Rural communities are already crying out for more law
               enforcement. The legislature is crying out for more law enforcement. They want to pay VPSO's more then starting
               Troopers . Citizens are outraged that their crimes are going unsolved . And when they find out you don 't care if the
               Law Enforcement Officers you have quit or not it should be very interesting.

               Gov, give me hope that this state and it's elected officials put more worth on their Guardians then driving them into
               welfare status. Give me hope that the families of Law Enforcement Officers, their spouses , and children mean more
               to you, a mother and wife, then 4% in the richest state in the union . Rest assured that when citizen's burglaries get
               solved, their highways are safe, and their rural communities are protected you will be hailed as a hero across this



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0012782
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                PSEA Negotiations                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                entire state. They'll vote to change the law allowing unlimited terms in office.

                AGIA is great Gov. Palin, but when construction starts your State Troopers will NOT be able to keep up with the crime that
                the money and construction of that project brings to society unless You start planning now by offering competitive wages
                that will fill the ranks of the State Troopers. Waiting till there is a problem is not possible in Law Enforcement. Hiring and
                training just take to long.

                Governor, as a voting citizen I'm confident you will see the right thing to do is direct your DOA Commissioner to negotiate a
                contract comparative to that of Anchorage Police Department. I know your Department of Public Safety needs it. And I
                definitely know that the citizens deserve it. Give me a reason to re-elect you. Give Alaska a reason.

                Good Luck and God Bless,
                Steve Lantz
                Alaska Citizen




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012783
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                FW: Concerned Citizen & Wife of an Alaska State Trooper                                                            Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From :    STEVEN R LANTZ [SRLANTZ@PSEA.NET]
                 Sent:     Thursday, February 28, 2008 8:08 AM
                 To:        Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                 Cc:       Troopers; Rob Cox; John Cyr; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Concerned Citizen & Wife of an Alaska State Trooper
                See comments below.

                ----- Original Message ----
                From: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) < mailto:annette.kreitzer(a?,alaska.gov>
                To: champs3@ acsalaska.net
                Cc: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA) <mailto:kevin.brooks a. alaska.eov>
                Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 11:27 AM
                Subject: RE: Concerned Citizen & Wife of an Alaska State Trooper


                Dear Mrs. Sherbahn:

                During negotiations I make a point of not responding to many emails I receive from members of a particular union
                or families of union members. However, when a writer attributes a statement tome that I have not made, I need to
                correct that misimpression. You wrote:

                "Based on current contract negotiations and the Department of Administration's comment, "They can find other
                jobs!", I feel this administration does not care."



                I don't know anyone at the negotiating table from my office who has made this statement. I have said in
                conversations with union representatives meeting in my office that I recognize that there will be some (in any
                negotiation, not just with PSEA) who will not be happy with the outcome of a particular contract and who may leave
                State service. This is not my wish, nor a desired outcome of any negotiation. I simply state it as an observation.



                I respect the work of the Alaska State Troopers, and I appreciate the dedication they show to their fellow citizens.
                Your support of your husband and your dedication to.your family speaks highly of your own character. Thank you
                for taking time from your probably very hectic schedule to let me know your thoughts.

                ak


               Comm. Kreitzer,
               I'm confused. Does this mean that you and your team are determined to make the Department of Public Safety
               competitive in the Job Market to better serve the citizens of Alaska?

               Additionally are you suggesting that our own representation is lying? Based on the insulting offers your agency has
               brought to the table I would be more inclined to believe our representation when they return from a meeting with
               you and explain to the members that.the Comm. of DOA doesn't care if people leave state service.

               In any event, regardless of what the exact verbage was, a 4/3/3 offer and the loss of additional Troopers on the street
               is exactly the message you and Gov. Palin are sending: that you don't care. You are telling every member of DPS,
               and the citizens of Alaska, that their lives mean nothing to the Great State Of Alaska.

               Additionally this isn't about a few people not being happy with a contract or it' s negotiations Comm. This is about
               an entire agency being insulted that we are expected to continue to work with fewer people, increasing the danger of
               an already dangerous job, and sacrifice our families well being because this states elected officials and their
               appointed personal have zero desire to provide the appropriate resources to acquire the best there is. Brian



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0012784
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                FW: Concerned Citizen & Wife of an Alaska State Trooper                                                         Page 2 of 2


                Wassmann made a mistake in his letter to you. We ARE NO LONGER the premiere agency anywhere . We were but no
                longer are.

               Interestingly I noticed on the state web site that you are on the Governors work group to recruit and retain state workers.
               How's that going so far. The SU is ready to strike after their contract and we have large numbers of troopers prepared to
               resign. If 3/3/3 -> 4/3/3 or 5/3/3 is all you can come up with for state employees then someone needs to loose their job and
               be removed from that work group because that just isn't getting it done.

                I'm excited to see where we go from here Comm. I'm sure that with this new information about your support for DPS and
                Your State Troopers things will get much better very soon.

               Good day,
               Steve Lantz
               Alaska Citizen
               State servant




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP0I_0012785
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Message                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                   From:       Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                   Sent :      Thursday, February 28, 2008 8:46 AM
                   To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: Invitation to 2008 Milken Institute Global Conference




                   From: Milken Institute [mailto:milkeninstitute@Iists.milkeninstitute.org]
                   Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2008 4:02 PM
                   To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                   Subject: Invitation to 2008 Milken Institute Global Conference




                                                                                 Tti T'IuE WORLD          i ic';(; li.ST i;ii.1L.i,

                                                                                           IyDI 1 ,Y] k)f, i l l'-11Ti  CA IyI{.




                                                                                      a; ly Registration. Ends i
                                                                                     ells $600 off of regular regisf
                                                                                         pater oinlfinet01^ ,www

                                                                                 The Global Conference is quickly filling up
                                                                                 reoister now to ensure your attendance.

                            APRIL 28 .30, 2008                                   we expect another capacity crowd of 3,00
                            B EVERLY HILTON · Los 4woics                         not just trillions of dollars in capital, but a
                                                                                 bold innovation that can be used to solve'
                                                                                 challenges.

                                                                                 View our list of currently confirmed speak(

                            Ct1t.Y0NCRESTPAC0uGGsn14Elm                          Our program is undergoing final revisions
                                                                                 Watch for updates on the 2008 Global Cor


                                                                                 What to expect this year:
                                                                220a(4aeerrtca
                           ,EGON        mom.                       4
                                                                                        More than 100 sessions, from plenary I
                                                                                        interactive roundtable discussions - al
               .                                                                        canned speeches.
                     ,f.                Bloomberg
                     SiyiRlYNltTI) h"               ...nor.c.
                                                                                        Eight thematic tracks focused on the m
                                                                                        current thinking on: global capital marl
                                                                                        Industry , energy/climate change, philai
                                                                                        and media/entertainment.




                   10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0012786
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Message                                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                                                                                                     More than 450 speakers - all senior executives and decision-
                   tEXJ ·^° `/andurd +^.*ca rdax
                                                                                                     makers from the world' s top businesses and financial institutions as
                  FLEXJET                                 a - --   ,:-   CRI.DITSunic^
                                                                                                     well as leaders in government, science, education , philanthropy
                                                                                                     and academia.

                                                                                                     Opportunities for networking with global decision - makers, Fortune
                                0 w^.x..,. ,;;`      KAUfFMAN
                                                                             FIJI
                                                                               NAT F R
                                                                                                     500 company executives and thought leaders in a variety of fields.




                                                          o^dman         rc^ +^o Yrr`
                                                                                                      The Milken Institute Global Conferences
                                                     9 aths              i   7i O CTEn
                   1 WAN, 1A1.
                   TIAniR                                                                       One or the world's Yop rrer eooferenoea "for senior corponrte ezec+frli^ea
                                                                                                  Fly e-$tdr Conferences," 14reber 3ifaitdiYlcR4 Jdnusry 2008




                                                                                                 If you do not wish to receive further updates on research and news from the
                                                     KQ -.                                       Milken Institute, please e -mail us at database@mllkeninstitute.ora to

                                                                         Kui     r,Care'
                                                                               -IM
                                                                                           Jj    unsubscribe.

                                                                                                 Milken Institute, 1250 4th Street, Santa Monica , CA 90401
                   Km-kdp
                   L                                 j{                                          This communication may be considered an advertisement for certain purposes.
                     "t.,ep ^tyn .      KLC       w. LiAil i>i^'




                                                                   ul
                     ra,· ..rn
                                                     Post -$
                                                     AdJAsorySrran
                  ;wM,rsai·.;u^wv,




                                             H



                                                              AW-
                            V l $TAG E'




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012787
