Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


               Unknown
                From :    KARL J ERICKSON [KJERICKSON@PSEA.NET]
                Sent:     Friday, February 29, 2008 4:56 PM
                To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                Subject: AST
               Respectfully I submit the following.

               I was born and raised in bush Alaska. I have been in Law Enforcement for 19+ years , 17+ with the Alaska
               State Troopers, which makes me one of the old guys. I have spent 14 years working in the Bush, my
               locations have been Anchorage, Kotzebue, Soldotna, Glennallen , Kotzebue and Unalakleet.

               The Academy seems like a lifetime ago as I enter the later part of my career . As I look back over my
               career one of the things that stands out is the change in our place in the "hierarchy" of departments in the
               State. At one point we stood out as the premier organization , as far as employment package and
               personnel. We no longer standout in those respects.

               As I recall the last few years we have been " blessed" with a 3% increase in our wages each year ! Before
               I could celebrate those increases, I was reminded that my " state housing" bill jumped 3% to coincide with
               my "raise". That sure put allot of "extra" money into my pocket. So forgive me when I look very cynically
               at the 3/3/3 and then 4/3/3 numbers the DOA presented to PSEA at the last meeting.

               I have read alot about comparing AST and APD and yes their employment package is better, yes they
               have taken several of our troops and continue to do that . In my opinion it is like comparing apples and
               oranges. While we do many things similar to them, they don't do many things similar to us. At the
               beginning of my career I worked along side of them in Anchorage . When they needed back up, they got a
               half dozen or more cars/officers. Out here in the bush there usually is not back up. I don't recall the last
               time a APD officer switched to AST, that speaks volumes.

               We struggle to fill vacancies statewide and specifically in the bush . With the current contract proposals
               offered by the DOA, you will never get those vacancies filled. I would compare this to swimming up a
               waterfall, it ain't going to happen.

               Being a "career" bush trooper I want to point out a few of the costs all residents of the bush deal with.
               Gas $5.00 a gallon, a gallon of milk for $8. 00, a dozen eggs for $4.00 and so on . Again these are costs
              _a1. residents out here deal with. The difference-is that I. am doing a job out here that no one else wants to
               do, can do or is willing to do. Someone once gave me a story of "Sheepdogs", it talks about society being
               Sheep, Wolves and Sheepdogs, well I am a Sheepdog . When the shots are fired, I am the one running
              towards the shots, while everyone else is running away . I often wonder what it would be like to have a job
              that did not require a ballistic vest and a gun on my waist , I along with all the Troopers and other Law
               Enforcement officers put our life on the line everyday. When all the Sheepdogs are gone who will protect
              the Sheep?

               Please make a decision to make sure there are Sheepdogs and that the compensation is worth risking
               their lives everyday. The decision is yours to make.

               thank you for you time,
               Karl Erickson
               Unalakleet, Ak. 99684




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0012793
