Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLE IG HO Wj
                 Sent:     Thursday, February 28, 2008 4:10 PM
                To:        'gov.sarah(gyahoo.com; Perry; Kristine Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
                 Cc:       Leschper; Beth (GOV)
                Subject: San Francisco Chronicle

              http://www sfgate com/cad-bin/bloos/sfgate/detail?blogid=14&entry id=24593

              Who's Sarah Palin? She's Hot where He's Not

                                                                  0   Right-click here to download
                                                                      pictures. To help protect your
                                                                      privacy, outlook prevented
                                                                      automatic download of this picture
                                                                      from the Internet.




              Forget regional balance and those white guys in suits. Alaska's young, hot, Vogue-posing, female Republican governor could
              become the popular favorite to be Sen. John McCain's running mate.

              Named by Alaska Magazine as "America's Hottest Governor," Palin (pronounced Pay-fin) is getting big buzz in the conservative
              press and talk radio. Fans have a "Draft Sarah Palin" movement. What better balance for the 71-year-old nominee who could be
              facing a 46-year-old phenomenon?

              A former athlete and beauty queen , Palin's approval ratings hover in 90 percent zone . Take that Barack. She was born in 1964
              (1936 for McCain) and has four kids named Bristol, Piper, Track, and Willow. She could win Marin County on that alone. Plus a
              handsome fisherman hubby known as "First Dude."

              Palin became a public hero taking on special interests, who practically own the Alaska political establishment Forced to resign from
              the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission after complaining to Republican Gov. Frank Murkowski about corruption, she
              was banished to the political wilderness before coming back to defeat Murkowskl In the GOP primary.

              Palin forced the Alaska legislature into special session to increase oil taxes - yes , that's oil taxes - in Alaska, a Republican welfare
              state. And she vetoes public works projects.

              Conservative Weekly Standard pundit Fred Barnes flew up to Alaska to check her out. The magazine thinks her "relative youth and
              short tenure in office" may hurt her chances . Since when?

              Her office says she has not been contacted by anyone for the job and has her hands full in Alaska.




              Sharon Leighow
              Deputy Press Secretary
              Deputy Communications Director

              465-4031 Juneau
              269-7450 Anchorage
              240-7943 cell




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012796
