Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:      John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                Sent:      Thursday, February 28, 2008 10:24 AM
                To:        Governor Sarah Palin
                Cc:        Beth C (GOV) Leschper, Michael Tibbles; Sharon W (GOV) Leighow; Sam Bishop
                Subject: Governor PawlentyNP/NGA

               Interesting article. I guess the moral to the story is that proposing a restrictive
               climate change policy at the NGA winter meeting is not the best premise for selection
               as Vice President.

               The press is still sniffing around this story. NGA staff asked us why Governor
               Manchin and you didn't sign the letter to Congress on the clean energy initiative.

               We told them to say that the letter evolved out of a plenary session of all Governors,
               was a Pawlenty initiative, and was not pending at the Natural Resources
               Committee. Therefore, it was logical for the Chair and Vice-Chair of NGA to sign.



               Subject: Interesting article on VP choices and greenhouse emissions; advice to McCain



               By Robed D. Novak

               Thursday, February 28, 2008; Page All

               Minneso ta's Republican governor, Tim Paw enty, carefully prepared his plan for controlling
               greenhouse gas emissions to present it at the annual winter meeting of governors in Washington. That
               effort coincided with Pawlenty's fast-rising prospects to become Sen. John McCain's choice for vice
               president. But behind closed doors , governors from energy-producing states complained so vigorously
               that Pawlenty's proposal was buried.

               Pawlenty's position as chairman of the National Governors Association may prove to be his undoing.
               While party insiders sing his praises as ideal to be McCain's running mate, leading conservative
               Republican governors have been less than pleased with him. Pawlenty has collaborated with the
               association's Democratic vice chairman, Pennsylvania Gov. Edward G. Rendell , on a fat economic
               stimulus package as well as the energy proposal.

              Hours after Pawlenty's energy plan was derailed, McCain himself was privately urged by GOP
              governors not to appear to be anti-coal or anti-oil . The upshot of a busy Saturday at the J.W. Marri ott
              Hotel downtown was that Pawlenty came across as somebody considerably different from what
              McCain needs to calm conservatives . He left the nation's capital as a less attractive vice presidential
              possibility than he was when he arrived.

               Pawlenty, 47, has long been talked about as a good fit for the 71-year-old McCain. He is the most



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0012799
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


               conservative Minnesota governor since Theodore "Tightwad Ted" Christianson in the 1920s. Elected to
               two terms (albeit narrowly) in a slightly blue state, Pawlenty is seen by supporters as a plus for McCain
               in the Democratic Upper Midwest if added to the ticket.

               He gets high grades from conservative fanciers of Republican horse flesh, such as Karl Rove, Ken
               Mehlman and Pawlenty's fellow Minnesotan, Vin Weber. Anti-tax activist Grover Norquist approves
               of Pawlenty's record, save for one hike in cigarette taxes. The censorious Cato Institute gave him a C
               for fiscal responsibility in his first term (compared with its grade of F for Mike Huckabee of kansas).

              Pawlenty has largely avoided the fate of other Republicans who were elected governor on a
              conservative platform and then fell prey in office to the lure of spending projects. and concomitant tax
              increases. But he has become entwined in the National Governors Association's buddy system by
              serving as its chairman. That allied him with Rendell and put him at odds with conservative
              Republicans. Govs. Haley Barbour of Mississippi, Mitch Daniels of Indiana and Mark Sanford of
              South Carolina were not happy when Pawlenty and Rendell proposed an NGA-sponsored sweetening
              of the Bush administration's stimulus package of $6 billion in federal Medicaid funding and $6 billion
              in flexible block grants.

              As co-chairman of the association's energy committee (with Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius, who gave
              the Democratic response to President Bush's State of the Union address this year), Pawlenty proposed
              state goals for reducing carbon dioxide emissions. But at a "governors-only" session that opened the
              meeting on Saturday, Pawlenty encountered adamant opposition. Barbour led the way for governors
              from energy-producing states, including Republican Rick Perry of Texas and Democrat Steve Beshear
              of Kentucky. The issue of greenhouse gases was "set aside," Pawlenty told me, "because we realized
              there was no consensus."

              McCain, who has co-sponsored a global warming bill with his friend and supporter Sen. Joseph
              Lieberman (I-Conn.), got more of the same over dinner with Republican governors that night. They
              made clear that energy was a major issue and that they hoped McCain would be sensitive to energy
              producers. By all accounts, the prospective presidential nominee was receptive.

              That same day, the Wall Street Journal ran a column by Minneapolis-St. Paul talk show host Jason
              Lewis critiquing Pawlenty's record -- including renewable energy mandates -- as too liberal for him to
              be McCain's vice president. "If you look at my record as a whole," Pawlenty told me Sunday, "I would
              be astonished if I was not considered conservative." As for Lewis's remarks, "He doesn't think I'm
              conservative because I'm a proponent of clean energy, and, from my standpoint, we've got a national
              security issue."

              "We loved Ronald Reagan , but he made some compromises along the way," Pawlenty said, adding,
              "We don't have a big enough party to be throwing people overboard." Presumably, that also means coal
              and oil interests.

              Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is jwkatz@alaskadc.org. Thank
              you.




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0012800
