Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From :       TIM P TUCKWOOD [TPTUCKWOOD@PSEA.NET]
                Sent :       Friday, February 29, 2008 2:40 PM
                To:          Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                Cc:          Troopers
                 Subject: Public Safety
                I have been in law enforcement in Alaska for fourteen years . I have worked in Bethel , Homer , Soldotna
                and I am currently stationed in Delta Junction . When I was hired by the Alaska State Troopers from a
                municipal agency over ten years ago, the job of an Alaska State Trooper was highly sought after. Many
                officers left smaller agencies to go to work for the State Troopers. Over the last ten years the cost of
                living has skyrocketed . Housing , utilities, food and basic necessities have doubled and fuel is at an all
                time high . During that same time frame , the wage and benefits for the Alaska State Troopers has been
                nearly stagnant while other municipalities have done a much better job of keeping up with the cost of
                living and supporting their employees . In the last five years , I have seen just the opposite in
                employment. Troopers, too many to count at this point, have moved on to other departments in Alaska
                or got out of law enforcement all together. At one time, the Alaska State Troopers were one of the top
                law enforcement agencies in the nation and the premier law enforcement agency in the state. Not so
                anymore. Not even close. The State Troopers have fifty plus vacancies that will likely never be filled due
                to the inability to attract and retain new Troopers. As a supervisor for a small Trooper post, I have one
                of those vacancies . It was filled for two months in the last two years . The remaining Troopers end up
                working hundreds of hours of overtime each to compensate for the vacancy. We don't have a choice.

                Let's leave APD out of the picture. Ft. Greely, which is right next door to Delta Junction, has a police
                department. A one-year officer with that department makes as much as a five-year State Trooper in
                Delta. Not to mention better insurance , benefits , scheduling and backup . Do they want to work for the
                State Troopers ? No. Even the new officers from out- of-state know the State Troopers are on a sinking
                ship. As I struggle to keep the Troopers I have working , I hear comments that top administrators from
                the Governor on down don't care about law enforcement and if they are not happy with their jobs, they
                can go find new jobs. I do like my job, but I am certainly disappointed in our support from the top. I
                remember not too long ago when the former Governor gave the State Commissioners a thirty plus
                percent raise to "attract and retain " quality, members and to pay it's State Commissioners comparable to
                other states . If finances are that tough for the State of Alaska , which they are not, maybe they should
                give that healthy raise back. Right now, you have the opportunity to support your State Troopers and
                adequately fund the Department of Public Safety . Make it possible for the State Troopers to "attract and
                retain " quality applicants who have a desire to. protect the citizens of the finest state in the nation , Alaska.

                Sincerely,

                Tim Tuckwood
                PO Box 16
                Delta Junction, AK.




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0012801
