Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                   From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
                   Sent:    Monday , March 03 , 2008 10:35 AM
                   To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: View the Agenda for the Legislative Fly In March 3rd thru the 5th



                  From : Lisa Reinhart [mailto:lreinhart@alaskachamber.com]
                  Sent: Friday, February 29, 2008 1:55 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: View the Agenda for the Legislative Fly In March 3rd thru the 5th


                  Alaska State Chamber of Commerce

                  February 29, 2008 E-News
                  Be a Part of the State Chamber's Collective Investment In
                  Alaska's Future

                  View Our Legislative Fly-In Agenda

                  The Alaska State Chamber recognizes that today 's economic uncertainty has the potential to shut
                  the door on some opportunities knocking at Alaska 's door. For Alaska businesses, every dollar does
                  count, and investments made now will have a profound Impact on future returns . We need to encourage
                  government strategies to maximize the economic upsides or weather the downsides.

                  Alaska State Chamber business members will meet with key legislators and members of the
                  administration next week. Tuesday and Wednesday we will discuss our current business climate and ask
                  tough questions of our state government leaders. Our planned agenda is attached for your viewing.


                  Get Tips on How to Most Effectively Lobby and Advocate for Your Business

                  Attend "Lobbying and Advocacy: A Tale of Two Masters", a training workshop presented to the
                  Alaska State Chamber of Commerce by Mike Walsh, Ph.D., Director of Interior Services of The Foraker
                  Group on Monday, March 3rd. The workshop will be held in the Douglas Room of the Westmark
                  Baranof Hotel from 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. The cost is $50, the value to you and your business much greater!
                  Learn what lobbying and advocacy are. Learn "the law"--federal and state-and what you can and cannot
                  do. Understand the roles that lobbying and advocacy play in your organizations.

                  Book Your Plans to Attend Legislative Fly-In to Juneau Today!

                 Resister on line in minutes by clicking here and let us know that you are making your plans now to
                 attend the State Chamber Legislative Fly-In in Juneau on March 3-5th! To Influence public policy
                 effectively you want your elected officials to know you as a human being, not just an issue
                 advocate . Every person who attends can make a difference for Alaska's business community. For
                 additional information Click Here or call the Anchorage Development Office at (907) 278-2727.

                 We Thank the Following Business Members for Sponsorship of This Event

                 Action through legislative advocacy and sponsorship support helps us to keep hard at work to improve
                 Alaska's business climate. Thank you goes to the Alaska Primary Care Association , Name Badge
                 Sponsor, to the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute and Totem Ocean Trailer Express, Breakfast
                 Sponsors, to BP and AT Publishing/Service Business Printing , Luncheon Sponsors, to Crowley,
                 Lobbying and Advocacy Workshop Sponsor, to Wal-Mart Stores , Inc. and The Alaskan Brewing



                  10/29/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0012850
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                   Company ! , Reception Sponsors; and, to Usibeili Coal Mine, State Farm Insurance and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,
                   Refreshment Break Sponsors.




                   10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0012851
