Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, March 03, 2008 1:22 PM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Economic-Development




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, March 03, 2008 3:56 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Economic-Development



             Web mail from: Bob Boynton

             address : 604 Hughes Avenue Fairbanks AK 99701

              458-7727



             MESSAGE:

             If the offer is made to be McCains running-mate as vice president, I think you should.
             What better podium to change Washington and world view of Alaska. I realize you have a lot
             to still do here, you got the ball rolling so others can finish. You would still have
             influence here along with a Hugh amount to push back the extreme environmentalist that
             seams to just want us up here to do nothing with our land.



             I do not know what can be done, but I am extremely concerned that we are going to loose a
             lot of people moving out of state here in Fairbanks because of the high cost of
             electricity and fuel oil. 25% to 40% increase in both this winter has really put a crimp
             in budgets. 5 pages of homes (we overbuilt possibly)for sale in the paper just adds fuel
             to the notion that everyone is or getting ready to move away. We are making fuel oil here
             in North Pole, Coal is stable cost for years to come so there is no reason we should be
             put in this hardship. One of the main engines for business growth is cost to do that
             business. We have three military bases close to us that make there own electricity, can
             they be put on line to lower our cost of electricity to the homeowners and businesses.
             Please address this soon.



             Thanks for your hard work. - Bob



             bob@tundraspas.com




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012871
