Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 03, 2008 11:00 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

            Sent :   Thursday, February 28, 2008 11:21 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Kevin McCormack

            address: 11621 Caenen St. Overland Park KS 66210

             913-469-1268




            MESSAGE:

            I'm a Regan conservative and I just heard on the Rush Limbaugh show that you're being
            considered as a potential VP candidate for John McCain. I for one would just like to
            state that I believe you'd be an excellent candidate, and I most certainly hope that
            you're asked and that you'll accept. Perhaps you could persuade our national government
            to more fully develop the resource opportunities available in your great state. I also
            like that you're a military mom and member of the NRA.



            From a retired Navy Reservist and currently serving police officer, I certainly hope to
            hear more from you on the national stage.



            God bless and good luck. My prayers will be with you and your family regardless of what
            the future may bring your way.



            Sincerely,




            Kevin McCormack




            fmrncwr26como@everestkc.net



                                                                  I




                                                                           E
                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1 0012885
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                              I&

             Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 03, 2008 10:59 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2008 11:31 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Steve Gleason

            address : 25 Chantilly St. Grand Island NE 68803




            MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin,



            Rush was certainly correct in how impressive you are with such a great looking family and
            how well you sounded on his show yesterday. With a great deal of respect, your whole
            family is very good looking and the data in your news articles, particularly education,
            was quite relevant and of high interest to me.



            All the very best to you and I hope Senator MaCairi is wise enough to have your special
            influence as his partner in this most significant campaign coming up for our country. our
            national security is number one on my wife , Sheere's and my list of important happenings
            for all of us.



            Sincerely,



            Steve Gleason

            Retired Elementary School Principal

            Grand Island Public Schools, 35 yrs.

            Currently, Supervisor of Student Teachers

                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0012886
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             University of Nebraska, Kearney



             sgxxsg@msn.com




                                                         2



                                                                                                                        I

                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0012887
