Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From:    AARON N MOBLEY (ANMOBLEY@PSEA.NET]
                 Sent:    Monday, March 03, 2008 5:20 PM
                 To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); sean.parnell@alaksa.gov; Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
                 Cc:      PSEA Members
                 Subject: Public Safety
                 Governor Palin,

                I have been a proud Alaska State Trooper for several years now and tell others of the great things
                this department has done over the years. I am proud to wear the uniform and work for the State
                of Alaska every day. However, I am greatly troubled at how we as Troopers are continually
                forced to be paid pennies and nickels for the job that we do, and really troubled about comments
                made by Commissioner Kreitzer, that if the Troopers don't like their pay and/or jobs then they
                should get a different one. These words are very disturbing to say the least. 10-15 years ago the
                Alaska State Troopers were one of the top paying agencies in the country, and now we don't
                even rank.

                I was just transferred to Southeast Alaska after living in the Fairbanks area for almost 14 years.
                My wife was an elementary school teacher for 12 of those years. She chose to move with me in
                hopes of finding a job in a small community of a few thousand people. She gave up her career
                for me, the Alaska State Troopers, and the families of the State of Alaska. After arriving here,
                she was labeled the Troopers wife and was unable to find a job due to this. After 7 month of
                trying to sub and working odd jobs she had to return to Fairbanks, and thank God the Fairbanks
                North Star Borough School District let her have her teaching job back, because we used all of
                our savings just to keep two household afloat. So you ask yourself, why does this pertain to me
                as the Governor or an Alaska State citizen? It is important to you because you are probably going
                to lose a highly qualified Trooper to another department because our pay and benefits just don't
                compete anymore. I wear the Alaska State Trooper uniform proudly every day and serve the
                citizens of this great state with great honor, but if our benefits and pay don't change, I will have
                to look at another department that will support my family just as Commissioner Kreitzer stated. I
                know that there are many more Troopers that are walking in my same shoes and are facing the
                same situations as myself every day.

                We as Troopers are not asking for millions, but for a fair contract that will retain and recruit
                employees. Thank you for your time.

                Aaron Mobley
                Southeast Alaska
                Klawock




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI 0012905
