Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Monday, March 03, 2008 10:40 AM
             To:                      BOO DIDDLE
             Subject:                 RE: Alaska State Fair


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: BOO DIDDLE [mailto:hardinlandco@yahoo.com]

             Sent: Friday, February 29, 2008 11:34 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Cc: hardinlandcoeyahoo.com

             Subject: Alaska State Fair



             Dear Governor Palin



             I just say 'go Sara'!



             I do have one request. I am hearing that the Alaska State Fair has some expensive needs
             as a result of new codes regarding the Farm Building the state built some years ago. A
             building that now finds itself in need of improvements to meet state required codes that
             are far beyond what the fair can afford using the traditional means of fund raising. And
             I must say, the City of Palmer has not been a very good partner to them in trying to
             establish means to generate revenue. The fair decides to try a racing weekend summer
             event, a few locals complain (9) and the entire community and the fair loose as permits
             are not issued, the fair should have its own zoning area and be exempt from many
             ordnance's as you find in other community's that host fairs, for it is hard to operate
             such a event under normal zoning plans


    D

            The fair provides a place for our youth to gather and gain tons of educational information
            in a fun setting, some of the youth based projects at the fair have been fine examples of
            money well spent for Alaskans, our Agriculture's highest form of display continues to take
            place at the fair, 4 H and other education groups meet and use the facilities often is
            what I hear.



            If the state does not step up how will the fair meet these costly state ordered demands,
            will it be through budget cuts that will minimize or abolish the educational related
            programs? This is visible in fairs in other areas of America now, all carnival, no ag! I
            imagine these programs cost the fair profits, so where will they make the cuts? In non
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0012894
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             profitable areas . One other thing, do you have any idea how many non profits that use the
             fair to push their agenda and programs plus generate portions of their operating budgets,
             lets see whom I think of.



             The Republican Party

             The Elks

             Alaska Center for the Environment

             Shriner's

             Veterans of Foreign Wars

             Scottish Rites

             Various Religious Groups and Churches

             American Red Cross

             Various schools and colleges

             Alaska Army Guard



             And These I can think of! And the Troopers, Fish and game , darn the list of users seem
             overwhelming!  Can you think of any more proper beneficiary of public funds than the
             Alaska State Fair? Displays our AG, helps numerous Non Profits, huh.



             Please help the fair maintain the excellent choices for the public and our youth by
             assisting them with these changes, who will really loose if you don't?



             Respects



            Will Ross




            Never miss a thing .      Make Yahoo your home page.

            http:// www.yahoo . com/r/hs




                                                               2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_ 0012895
