Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From:     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLESj
                 Sent:     Monday, March 03 , 2008 2:27 PM
                 To:       Sarah Palin
                 Subject: misc issues

               Governor,

               The Senate Finance Committee rolled out their supplemental budget (Fiscal Year 2008 additions) today. They
               included $51 million from last year 's vetoed projects . I strongly recommended against this to the House and
               Senate co-chairs. The Senate did not really care about our position but we may have made some progress with
               the House. We will see. The other big ticket item in the bill is a $2.6 Billion deposit into the CBR and they
               intended to include an additional $ 1 Billion into the statutory budget reserve.

               The school funding bill was up today on the Senate Floor . The Senate minority offered an amendment to
               increase the base student allocation from $ 100 to your $200 number. There were 5 votes in favor . I am still
               having a hard believing that Bettye Davis, Hollis French and others would vote against the amendment . Politics!

               I heard that Jim Clark will plead guilty tomorrow for his actions in getting VECO to pay for campaign activities.

               We will not be able to get a statement from McCain today in support of the gas pipeline . I am expecting a call in
               the next day or two to get it worked out. Nick felt it was a product of staff not McCain but that it should be
               relatively easy to get something worked up in a day or two.

              A new cost estimate of the Anchorage hatchery came in today at a significantly higher amount . I spoke with
              Denby this morning and we are looking at options . As we talked last week, I was planning on finalizing a bill
              today to allow the financing of both projects to go forward but I will not hold off a few days until we get this sorted
              out.

               Mike




              8/25/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1 _0012931
