Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor©alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 2:47 PM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject : FW: Sam's Club is Corporate Chair of Center for Women 's Business Research Symposium on
                         Businesses Owned by Women of Color




               From : CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
               Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 12:00 PM
               To: CfWBR Info
               Subject: NR: Sam's Club is Corporate Chair of Center for Women' s Business Research Symposium on
               Businesses Owned by Women of Color




                                     Release date: March 4, 2008




                                       Sam's Club is Corporate Chair of
                                 Center for Women' s Business Research


               10129/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0012939
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


                            Symposium on Businesses Owned by Women of Color

               Washington, DC - Sam's Club is the premier sponsor and corporate chair of the Center for Women's
               Business Research symposium, Research to Roadmap: Accelerating the Growth of Businesses
               Owned by Women of Color. The program will focus on the results of first-of-its kind research seeking to
               answer how and why the world is different for women of color business owners.


               The symposium, to be held May 6th and 7th in Washington, DC, will present the findings of three years
               of research to identify obstacles to business growth faced by women business owners who are African-.
               American, Latina, Asian or other ethnicities. The research will provide a roadmap for overcoming
               obstacles at the personal, community, and national levels.


               Leading the discussion of what the results mean for corporate marketing, supplier diversity and internal
               leadership will be Sam's Club's executive vice president for merchandising, Greg Spragg, who is the
               keynote speaker at the May 7th luncheon.

               Wachovia is the Visionary sponsor for the symposium and will also host a session.


               Three outstanding women business owners are symposium co-chairs : Dr. Faye E . Coleman, president
               & CEO of Westover Consultants , Inc. located in Bethesda, Maryland; Maria de Lourdes Sobrino,
               founder & CEO of Lulu's Dessert Corporation of Anaheim , California ; and Joyce Takiguchi, co-founder
               and president of Comstar International , Inc. in College Point, New York.


               "Never before in our nation has the public spotlight been directed so intensely on the issues of race and
               gender," said Margaret A. Smith, chair, Center for Women 's Business Research . "Our symposium will
               deepen the exploration of the intersection of race and gender by adding the dimension of
               entrepreneurship. We are very excited about bringing new insights to those who can use this
               knowledge to create more opportunities for women business owners of color."

               Calls to action based on study results and interactive discussions will be part of the symposium.
               Corporate and government decision-makers, educators, and non-profit leaders will be challenged to
               establish programs and undertake initiatives that will create greater opportunities for women business
               owners.


              The first release of the Center's 2008 updated estimates of the current number of businesses owned by
              women of color will take place at the symposium . Wells Fargo is the exclusive sponsor of the new
               analysis that also includes estimates of the revenues and employment figures for these firms.


              The symposium will bring together the women business owners who participated in the research, other
               leading women business owners , non-profit leaders, policy makers, corporate marketing and diversity



               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012940
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


               executives, as well as academic scholars and media.


               For information about how to participate in the symposium, contact Leslie Figueroa at
               Ifigueroa(dwomensbusinessresearch,org. To register: www.cfwbr.org/reaister.


               The research on Accelerating the Growth and Success of Businesses Owned by Women of Color has
               been funded by a prestigious consortium of corporate and association sponsors. In 2008, the corporate
               sponsors are: Sam's Club; Wachovia; Wells Fargo; Verizon; OPEN from American Express; Time
               Warner; UPS Capital, MasterCard; American Airlines; Ernst & Young; United States Postal Service
               (USPS); and PepsiCo.


               Leading women business owner organizations and other non-profit organizations have recognized the
               importance of this research to the women's entrepreneurship community and have taken a sponsorship
               position. They are: the National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO); National Women's
               Business Council (NWBC); Women Impacting Public Policy (WIPP); Women's Business Enterprise
               National Council (WBENC); Women Presidents' Organization (WPO); and Women's Leadership
               Exchange (WLE).


               Enterprising Women and We USA are the media sponsors for the symposium.




               About the Center for Women' s Business Research
               The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social, and political
               impact of women business owners and their enterprises. We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the
               status and achievements of women business owners; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of
               women-.owned enterprises, and driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. For more
               information, visit www.womensbusinessresearch.org.




               10/29/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0012941
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                3/4 - Straight Talk on Trade                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:        Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:19 AM
                To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject : FW: Weekly: Straight Talk on Trade




               From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
               Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:15 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly: Straight Talk on Trade


                                                                                       View this online.


                      March 4, 2008



                                                               FIGHTING F ©R Y O U R 13 U S I N E S S



                 Straight Talk on Trade                                                                                        Member Benefits
                 By Tom Donohue                                                                                                 New Discounts with FedE
                                                                                                                           U.S. Chamber members receive
                 Primaries in Texas and Ohio today could determine the Democratic nominee                                  discounts up to 21% on select F
                 for president. For many voters, the election will be a referendum on free                                 Express® services, up to 12% o
                 trade, particularly the North American Free Trade Agreement.                                              select FedEx Ground® services
                                                                                                                           up to 20% on select FedEx Kink
                 Lets have some straight talk on trade . What do Americans say they want                                   services. Members call 800-345
                                                                                                                           6227 and mention code 150-14,
                 from free trade agreements? Many want protection for American workers,
                                                                                                                           get the details online.
                 consumers, and the environment; the creation of good-paying jobs; and a
                 level playing field. Are we achieving those goals?
                                                                                                                                      Benefits Guide
                 Join the conversation.
                                                                                                                                                n o n s i«
                 Capital Roundup

                 Here are a few of the exclusive stories appearing on our Web site this
                 week. Visit uschambermagazine .com for the very latest news , updates,                                         Quips
                 and s^eclal features.                                                                                     "Our task is to engage and defer
                              ................. .................. ....... .............................................
                                                                                                                           opponents and ensure that glob,
                 BCLC Now Accepting Nominees for 2008 Corporate Citizenship Awards                                         growth Is not derailed by the
                 The Chamber's Business Civic Leadership Center (BCLC) is now accepting                                    appropriation of ideas that indivi
                 nominations from companies and chambers of commerce for its 9th annual                                    and companies paid for with the
                 Corporate Citizenship Awards.                                                                             time, energy and money."

                 SCORE Offers Web Resources for Older Entrepreneurs                                                        -Chamber Executive Vice Presi
                                                                                                                           and Chief Operating Officer Dav
                 SCORE, "Counselors to America's Small Business," unveiled a new section                                   Chavem quoted in the India Ga;
                 of its Web site specifically geared for baby boomer and retirement-age                                    on the Importance of protecting
                 entrepreneurs over 50.                                                                                    intellectual property , Feb. 26
                 Chamber Applauds Trade Bill. Denounces Energy Tax Proposal
                 In a victory for the Chamber and its members, the House overwhelmingly                                        Survey
                 approved a bill to extend a trade program with Andean countries.                                             Tell Us What You're Doing
                                                                                                                                        Education
                                                                                                                           Is your business, chamber, or



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0012942
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               3/4 - Straight Talk on Trade                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


                                                                                                                    association involved in early
                                                                                                                    childhood education ? If so, the
                  Also In This Issue                                                                                Chamber's Institute for Competitive
                                                                                                                    Workforce (ICW) wants to know.
                     · In Your Backyard: Minimum Wage Debate Rages On                                               Take ICWs "2 Minute Survey on Pre-
                                                                                                                    K."

                     · Small Business : Building a Strong Organization

                     · Economy: New Home Sales Plunge 15%

                     · Tech Tools: Taxes and Technology -- Look at Equipment Deductions

                     · Chamber Praises Stimulus Bill

                     · Imagine ... A Healthier America at a Lower Cost




                                                             uschamber.com Weekly I Editor. John Reid
                                                               Writers: Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo
                                                         You are subscribed as: govemor@gov. state.ak.us
                                                                          Your Account:
                                                    Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                               Stop receiving uschamber.com Weekly.
                       http://www. uschamber. info/fedmember /remove-domain-direct.td?dx=center&nkev=w73wgb64o7b5m7k6&

                       If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                        line, or ick hem. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on
                         your Subscription Manaaement Pane . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are property removed. For
                              more information about U .S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service One at 1-800-638-6582.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012943
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page I of 2


               Unknown

                From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:20 AM
                To:       Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
                Cc:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
                Subject: FW: SB224 - take out appropriaton of $8,900,000 to DNR for the South Denali Access Road Design
                         and Construction Project




               From : Judith anderegg [mailto:comoxjd@gci.net]
               Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:06 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Fwd: SB224 - take out appropriaton of $8,900,000 to DNR for the South Denali Access Road
               Design and Construction Project

               Governor Palin -

               We know that this is not an issue that has come to you yet, but we wanted to forward our
               concerns to you because whether or not this appropriation goes through the development of the
               visitor center for Denali State Park is in the planning stages and needs careful planning and
               development. We have been involved in efforts regarding developing a visitor center for Denali
               State Park for about twenty years. We support developing the park so that residents, visitors and
               tourists may all enjoy the wilderness experience. We do not support a piecemeal approach which
               we fear will lead to the eventual destruction of more wilderness.

               Thank you for hearing our concerns,

               Judith Anderegg and David Pelto

               Begin forwarded message:


               From : Judith anderegg <comoxid(dl uci.net>
               Date: March 4, 2008 9:59:49 AM AKST
               To: Senator Lyda Green(M- leais.state . ak.us, Senator Johnny llisfo)leais.state.ak.us,
               Senator Lyman Hoffman0Ieais. state.ak.us, Senator Bert StedmanCadleais . state.ak. us, "Sen. Charlie Huggins"
               <Senator Charlie Huggins lenis . state.ak .us>, Senator Kim Eltonfa leais .state.ak.us,
              Senator Donald OlsonaAleais .state.ak. us, Senator Joe ThomasCdllegis .state.ak.us,
              Senator Fred Dvsont-a2leais .state.ak.us
              Cc: "Rep . Stoltze" <Rep Bill Stoltze leais .state.ak.us>, Representative Gatto
              <Rep Carl Gatto0-leais.state.ak.us>, Representative Neuman < Rep Mark Neuman)leais .state.ak.us>,
              Representative Harris <Rep John Harris0-Ieois. state.ak. us>, Representative Keller
              <Rep Wes Keller0leais . state.ak.us>
              Subject: SB224 - take out appropriaton of $8,900,000 to DNR for the South Denali Access Road Design and
              Construction Project

              Please remove the appropriation of $8,900 , 000 from "2008 transportation project fund"
              in SB 224 to DNR for the South Denali Access Road design and construction project.
              We know that the road is supposed to be a part of the development for the South Denali Visitor
              Center, but since there is no funding yet to build, staff, or maintain the proposed visitor center,
              the planning and construction of a road would be premature. It is our understanding that the
              proposed road if built now would simply deadend on Curry Ridge. The Ridge and all the



               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0012944
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                surrounding wilderness would be accessible to motorized traffic and vulnerable to destruction. Without
                a visitor center and the attending park ranger staff presence that will come with such a facility, State
                Parks does not have the staff or funding to protect and manage a wilderness area at the end of a road.
                We are Mat-Su Bourough residents. We live in the Butte and we also have a cabin up near
                the proposed project. We have witnessed the physical destruction and constant mayhem that
                arises when there is an unmanaged road that gives unfettered access to ATVs to the
                wilderness - read that Jim Creek Road. (If you are unaware of Jim Creek/Knik River
                problems - please consult any Mat-Su legislator or the State Troopers or DNR.) We enjoy the
                peace and quiet of the wilderness up near the proposed visitor center. We understand and
                support the need for a visitor center for Denali State Park to give people access to the park,
                but we do not support building this development on a piecemeal basis. If any of you were to fly
                over the area which encompasses the park, you would already see the physical destruction of
                vast amounts of acreage that ATVs have access to - simply by driving off the Parks Highway
                onto the tundra.
                If South Denali is to be developed it needs to be done right. The road should be part of the
                total construction project not a separate , initial effort . If the State wants to begin to fund the
                South Denali project , but not fund the entire project we suggest that the state do the following:
                1. purchase Parks Highway inholdings within one mile of the proposed access road and work
                with the Mat-Su Borough to develop regulations for the area.
                2. fund DNR staff to work with the Mat-Su Borough to develop land use regulations for the actual proposed site and
                surrounding area before any actual project construction begins
                3. fund DNR staff to work with appropriate governmental officials (both on federal and state
                level) to work out plans for how the entire project will be designed and built and then staffed,
                maintained , and operated . For instance , we have heard that the state's annual share for
                running the facility will be $500,000. Has anybody sat down and figured how this will be paid
                every year, let alone build the facility?
                 Again, please remove the appropriation of $8,900,000 from "2008 transportation project fund"
                in SB 224 to DNR for the South Denali Access Road design and construction project.

                Thank you for this opportunity to comment,
                Judith Anderegg and David Pelto




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0012945
