Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :      ZACHARY OSBORN [ZCOSBORN@PSEA.NET]
               Sent:       Tuesday, March 04, 2008 8:58 PM
               To:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
               Subject: Concerns of a young state employee
               Govenor Palin, LT. Govenor Parnell, Commissioner Kreitzer:

                      Let me preface this correspondence by thanking you for taking the time to read this email outlining
               some of my concerns regarding the state of affairs affecting myself and other law enforcement officers
               throughout the State system.

                        My name is Zachary Osborn, and I work as an Airport Police & Fire Officer at Fairbanks
               International. I have been employed for about two and a half years in this capacity. I was initially hired
               with three other recruits in 2005. Once my hiring cycle was complete, my department no longer had any
               vacancies due to successful hiring processes throughout 2004 and 2005. In total, spring of 2004- spring
               of 2006 yielded a total of 12 new hires for the airport. Of those 12 hired, only myself and Officer
               Dickerson, who is currently on military deployment overseas, are the only two who have not resigned or
               been terminated. Expressed in other terms, the retention rate for new hires at Fairbanks Airport from 2004
               to 2008 is a shockingly dismal 17%! As of today, 65% of the Officers at this department have less than
               two years of experience, and less than 25% of Officers have three or more years of service. Currently
               40% of the command staff (Sergeants and Lieutenant) is eligible for retirement.

                        The inability of my department to effectively recruit and retain quality employees has reached
              epidemic proportions. With the inception of Tier IV retirement benefits and continued sub-par wages,
              there is no reason to think that the current several-year trend will change. The job of any state police
              officer presents numerous challenges individually, and to one's family- as many Troopers and APFOs
              have outlined in their letters to you. The difficulty in recruitment and retention of Airport Police & Fire
              Officers is compounded by the necessity that a recruit receive full state police certification, fire-fighting
              certification, aircraft rescue certification and EMS certification- all the while being paid a full range below
              Trooper recruits. As you have been informed by many Troopers, their wage is still too low to attract
              worthwhile, long-term employees.

                       I understand that the State desires to be fiscally responsible and control spending lest we be
              unprepared for lean times that may come. Nevertheless, a true need exists within our growing economy
              and burgeoning communities for the best and brightest to stand ready to answer when and where
              problems and emergencies arise. The State cannot afford to.allow law enforcement agencies to continue
              their downward slide. Action must be taken to increase the appeal of State police jobs to encourage those
              who are capable and willing to accept the challenges these tasking jobs require to join the ranks and
              remain for years to come. I hope that it is understood that we are not seeking government largess, but
              merely competitive wages and benefits commensurate with the work and challenges we deal with on a
              daily basis.

                        Please prioritize the needs of those who are tasked with protecting the citizens of Alaska so that
              our ability to provide first-rate service to those under our charge never diminishes.

              Sincerely,

              Zachary Osborn
              Fairbanks Airport Police & Fire




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0012946
