Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah©yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 12:29 PM
            To:                      Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
            Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: briefing


            Thanks Russ- I'll go over all this now, and I appreciate your info

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Kelly,    Russell T    ( GOV)" <russ .kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2008 09:43:28

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)"
            <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject: briefing




            I understand you are running to make a connection, so here is what we have for now...




            Sen. Cowdery returned to Juneau yesterday and there is some speculation that it's because
            the Senate Majority needs him for a few close votes.



            ABORTION:  Rep. Coghill's bill on parental consent (HB 364 ) moved out of House Judiciary
            on Friday...after 6 hours of public testimony and debate. It now moves to Finance. Rep.
            Coghill and his staff are aware that you support their efforts.



            EDUCATION:  We had hoped the legislature would adopt our education plan and that there was
            funding available for the plan BUT, there are good aspects of the bill that passed the
            Senate yesterday.  The bill increases the base student allocation by $100 for each of the
            next three years, boosts funding for students with intensive needs, provides more money
            for high-cost school districts, protects districts with declining enrollment and adjusts
            state reimbursements for transportation costs.  I expect we will hear more from school
            districts on that.



            Sen. Therriault made a statement on the Senate floor yesterday during debate on an
            amendment to increase the base student rate to $200. He pointed out that $22 million was
            being argued as too much, while in just 15 minutes, the Senate Finance Committee inserted
            $50 million into the FY 08 Supplemental to fund previously vetoed capital projects.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0012958
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sen. Wilken today is making behind the scenes efforts to inform Senators that the $100 BSA
            increase only results in a net increase of $11.52 due to the elimination of the school
            improvement grants.  He will also counter Sen. Elton's statement on the floor yesterday
            about unsustainable growth in the out years, by explaining that the amount would not grow.



            Sen. Wilken plans to state on the Senate floor today, during reconsideration of HB 273,
            that he is hopeful that if the funding is not included in this bill, that the $22 million
            will be appropriated in the operating or capital budget.



            Sen. Wilken intends to point out that the campaign platforms of all the senators is in
            support of education.  He wants to force those in opposition to the increased BSA to make
            statements on the record.



            VETOES:  The Senate brought back $51 million in '08 vetoes and placed them in the
            supplemental budget.  It is too soon to say if I will veto the projects that were put back
            in to the budget. There is a lot of work left to do on the supplemental bill and the
            public will also weigh in on the projects that were added. But overall spending last year
            was too high.



            We have included requests for capital projects in the supplemental bill - for things like
            DOTPF projects that are ready to go to bid and that could be started in this construction
            season rather than wait for a July 1 fiscal year start date .   That however is very
            different from revisiting items that were vetoed - we would prefer to work with the
            legislature on the overall spending / savings plan for FY08 and FY09 - and , we do not yet
            know what that looks like!



            It is difficult to see the whole picture of the budget - since the operating budget is
            just on the House Floor - capital budget doesn't start in earnest until next week -
            basically lots of work left to do.



            SB 168: Senate Bill 168 effectively caps the total passenger tax at $50, and cities such
            as Juneau and Ketchikan would be paid out of that money for the passenger taxes they
            levied themselves. The bill sets the maximum rebate to cities at $10 a passenger.
            Lawmakers amended the bill so it would be effective in 2009 instead of being retroactive
            and returned it to the Rules Committee. Too early to say if you would veto this (Bob
            Tkacz may ask).




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0012959
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                  I




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 11:04 AM
            To:                      Leschper; Beth (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T
                                     (GOV)
            Subject:                 Fw: legislature


            Excellent pt by LtGov, I'll use his line in my response to leggies' action on budget:

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from cellular one



             -   - Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: The, 4 Mar 2008 20:02:37

            To:"Sean Personal,, <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: legislature




            Exactly! And for anyone to believe that a lack of willingness to communicate and work
            together on budget is coming from our end, this helps prove otherwise. Thank you

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



            Date :   Tue, 04 Mar 2008 10:55:35

            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject :   FW: legislature




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



          Privileged or P




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0012960
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: Hooley, Jason M (GOV)

              Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 10:17 AM

              To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

              Cc: Pullins, Jay D (GOV); Showalter, Kristine D (GOV); Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)

              Subject: legislature




             The Operating Budget is in 3rd reading today on the House floor.



             On the Senate floor is the supplemental budget (which includes $51 million of projects
             that were vetoed last year by the Governor).




             JASON   HOOLEY

              <http://ltgov.state.ak.us/> OFFICE OF LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR SEAN PARNELL

             907 . 465 . 3520




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_ 0012961
