Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 5:30 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Frank Bailey; Leschper; Beth (GOV); Katz; John W (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today


           Sure.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 04 Mar 2008 16:44:02

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"Leschper, Beth
           (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska:gov>,"Katz, John W (GOV)" <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           Subject: RE: Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today




           Governor -



           The News Miner just called and wants to change:




           I have never said that "earmarks are nothing more than pork projects being shoveled home
           by an overeager congressional delegation."



           To



           I have never suggested that earmarks are nothing more than .....



           They suggest the change because they did not quote you. I think it is reasonable.



           Thoughts?




           -----original Message-----
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0012976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent :   Tuesday, March 04, 2008 4:41 PM

            To: Frank Bailey; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Katz, John W (GOV)

            Subject: Re: Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today



            Sharon - did the earmarks oped get circulated to all pubs ?       Fb- this is a great msg from
            the Homer fellow . Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

           From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



           Date :    Tue, 4 Mar 2008 16:31:36

           To:Sarah Palin < gov.sarah@yahoo . com>, krisandclark @yahoo . com, Todd Palin
           <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>, ivyfrye@yahoo.com

           Subject : Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today




           This letter submitted to Newsminer today from Mike Heimbuch in Homer .           He'll also hit
           Clarion and Homer Tribune but first wants it to run in the NM.




           Last Sunday's editorial about Governor Palin's attitude toward federal earmarks was as
           accurate as calling Fairbanks a suburb of Anchorage. A free press has the right to
           unfounded opinions, but the governor has a fiduciary responsibility to the people. Part of
           that is shaping public attitudes about spending public money. Her earmark comments are
           neither mean nor miserly. They are practical and protective.



          Alaskans are whittling down their federally funded wish lists to reflect a new political
          reality back east . This effort was led by our US congressional delegation . Anything
          different is to ignore that Christmas is over and the tree no longer burns so brightly
          with gifts from afar.



          The paper says the governor ' s acceptance of this fiscal reality reflects distain for
          public projects that require outside funding . Wrong . But it is also unfair to give
          Alaskans a false sense of entitlement to public monies generated elsewhere . That is one of
          the reasons for establishing natural resource tax rates that reflect our ownership of the
          state . and contribution to the nation.




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0012977
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Clearly we are destined for reduced federal spending in Alaska . What we got used to was a
            pattern of planning projects and expecting funding because something was a good idea.



            The Newsminer gave examples of such projects and raised a question : " If the government
            won't pay for this do you expect us to do it on our own ?"  That question has no easy
            answers . But it also reflects a challenge and opportunity for innovation . If we become
            unduly fearful about a decrease in federal funds we lose sight of our own resourcefulness.
            We lose sight of the fact that we are capable of making difficult decisions and living
            with them.



            One casualty of the Newsminer editorial is the unintended demoralization of people working
            diligently on public projects . These folks deserve legislative and administrative
            consideration of their ideas and they will certainly have that opportunity. But none of
            them harbor illusions that the public treasury is to be held hostage to good ideas. And
            the Newsminer does not further these peoples ' causes by brandishing a sword of uninformed
            opinion.




                                                        3




                                                                                                   P RA_GS P01 _0012978
