Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Chad & Kelly Goeden (chelly@gci.netj
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 2:20 PM
            To:                      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
            Subject:                 Letter to Governor Palin


            Chad J. Goeden

            3260 Hillary Ave.

            Fairbanks, AK 99709

            457-2908




            March 3, 2008




            Dear Governor Palin,




            Like you, I believe that AGIA is vital to the future of Alaska's economy. I

            also believe that it is coming, and we need to start preparing for it now.

           The reality is that when the construction of the pipeline begins, this state

           will be flooded with hundreds of young adult male blue collar workers who

           will be making more money than they have ever made in their lives. While

           most of them will not cause problems, they are, statistically speaking, the

           demographic that causes the largest problem for law enforcement and the

           criminal justice system as a whole. Our state's criminal justice system is

           at its breaking point as it is. When we are faced with the additional

           strains brought on by the pipeline workers, there is only one way to be

           prepared; by having an adequate number of trained, loyal law enforcement

           officers in place.      While you have no control over the hiring of officers in

           municipal departments, you have tremendous say in the recruitment and

           retention of troopers.       As a 12 year trooper, I am very concerned about the

           future of our department, especially when the pipeline comes.



                  Many people say that the Anchorage Police Department is the

           trooper's biggest competition, but I disagree. I believe that our biggest

           competition will be whichever company is chosen to build the pipeline. When

           that company starts hiring, the troopers need to be satisfied enough in
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0012987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            their jobs that they will not "jump ship." And the only way to have

           experienced ,   loyal troopers in place when this pipeline construction begins

           is to start hiring enough now.         No matter how you or anyone feels about how

           much current troopers earn ,        the reality is that based on our lack of ability

           to fill the open spots we have now , potential applicants do not believe that

           starting pay is high enough. If they felt otherwise , we would have

           thousands of applicants to choose from, which was the case in the not too

           distant past when the troopers were the highest paid law enforcement agency

           in the state. Once the pipeline construction starts ,            it's too late. Even

           if we did suddenly raise starting wages then and hire the troopers we need,

           they would have no experience .        They would be new , they would make mistakes

           because we wouldn't be able to train them in time , and the state would

           suffer in the long run.       No one can deny that a four year trooper is more

           effective and efficient than a four month trooper.



                  By raising the starting salaries of troopers now, it becomes a win,

           win, win situation .      It's a win for you because you are saying to the people

           of Alaska "I believe so much in AGIA that I am starting to put the

           infrastructure in place now ."        It is a win for the people of Alaska , because

           they are being provided with the law enforcement protection they want and

           deserve .   And finally it would be a win for the department and the troopers

           because for the first time in years , we would have the manpower needed to do

           the job people of the state expect from us. We would be getting paid an

           adequate wage , which would then be spent in the businesses of the state,

           improving the economy everywhere we serve.



                  AGIA is exciting and glamorous .       But leading the charge to Alaska's

           future means more than getting the parties involved to agree .             Believing in

          AGIA means laying the ground work and putting the infrastructure in place

          before it ' s too late .    Do you believe in AGIA?




          Sincerely,




                                                               2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Chad J. Goeden




                                                        3
