Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 04, 2008 4:41 PM
            To:                      Frank Bailey; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Katz; John W (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today


            Sharon- did the earmarks oped get circulated to all pubs? Fb- this is a great msg from
            the Homer fellow. Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            ----- Original Message-----

            From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



           Date: Tue, 4 Mar 2008 16:31:36

           To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>, krisandclark@yahoo.com, Todd Palin
           <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>, ivyfrye@yahoo.com

           Subject: Earmarks Op-Ed: 350 words submitted to newsminer today




           This letter submitted to Newsminer today from Mike Heimbuch in Homer .                  He'll also hit
           Clarion and Homer Tribune but first wants it to run in the NM.




           Last Sunday's editorial about Governor Palin's attitude toward federal earmarks was as
           accurate as calling Fairbanks a suburb of Anchorage. A free press has the right to
           unfounded opinions, but the governor has a fiduciary responsibility to the people. Part of
           that is shaping public attitudes about spending public money. Her earmark comments are
           neither mean nor miserly. They are practical and protective.



           Alaskans are whittling down their federally funded wish lists to reflect a new political
           reality back east. This effort was led by our US congressional delegation. Anything
           different is to ignore that Christmas is over and the tree no longer burns so brightly
           with gifts from afar.



           The paper says the governor's acceptance of this fiscal reality reflects distain for
           public projects that require outside funding. Wrong. But it is also unfair to give
           Alaskans a false sense of entitlement to public monies generated elsewhere. That is one of
           the reasons for establishing natural resource tax rates that reflect our ownership of the
           state and contribution to the nation.



           Clearly we are destined for reduced federal spending in Alaska. what we got used to was a
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_ 0012981
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           pattern of planning projects and expecting funding because something was a good idea.



           The Newsminer gave examples of such projects and raised a question : -If the government
           won't pay for this do you expect us to do it on our own?" That question has no easy
           answers . But it also reflects a challenge and opportunity for innovation. If we become
           unduly fearful about a decrease in federal funds we lose sight of our own resourcefulness.
           We lose sight of the fact that we are capable of making difficult decisions and living
           with them.



           One casualty of the Newsminer editorial is the unintended demoralization of people working
           diligently on public projects. These folks deserve legislative and administrative
           consideration of their ideas and they will certainly have that opportunity. But none of
           them harbor illusions that the public treasury is to be held hostage to good ideas. And
           the Newsminer does not further these peoples' causes by brandishing a sword of uninformed
           opinion.




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0012982
