Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                From:    BRENT W JOHNSON [BWJOHNSON@PSEA.NET]
                Sent:    Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:47 PM
                To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA); Glass; John D (DPS)
                Cc:      Troopers; APFO All Members
                Subject : Alaska Crime


                Governor Palin,                                                                        March 5,
                2008

                First of all, congratulations on the news of your 5th child. My wife is also pregnant and is due
                within days of your due date. I pray that thus far your pregnancy has been as safe and healthy as
                hers. I know that you are a very busy person, so I want to be brief. I have recently learned of
                some shocking statistics that you may or may not be fully aware of.

                Are you aware that in 2006, Alaska ranked #1 in the country for Forcible Rape, and in fact our
                crime rate in this category is almost double the #2 state, meaning we actually rank 1st, 2nd and
                likely 3rd? Are you also aware Alaska ranks #3 overall in aggravated assault, or that we rank
                #22 in Murder and Manslaughter? Were you aware Alaska ranks #18 in overall property crimes
                in the country? Were you aware that in 2004, Alaska was ranked the 7th highest state for violent
                crime, ahead of California, New York, New Jersey, and 40 other states by the US Census
                Bureau?

               I was born and raised in Alaska, mostly in southcentral. I remember growing up in Eagle River,
               at a time when nobody locked their doors or worried about their children walking to a neighbors
               house. I remember a time when a homicide anywhere in Alaska, including Anchorage, was a
               rare event. I remember a time when people didn't have to check a government database to find
               out how close the nearest sexual predator lived to their homes. Do you remember these good
               times when you were growing up in the valley?

               At the same time that Alaska shamefully leads the majority of other states in these violent crime
               statistics, the Department of Public Safety and DOT Airport Police and Fire Departments have
               lost a total of approximately 96 Troopers and Officers to retirement and resignation. In the past
               3 years, DPS alone has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in recruitment efforts, with a net
               gain of 3 Troopers. Currently almost 50% of the lateral hires recruited to be State Troopers from
               other agencies have already left DPS, many for their old jobs. Commissioner Monegan stated
               recently he expects to loose an average of 2 Troopers a month for the remainder of this year,
               which is an added 18. I am not a mathematician, however at an average cost of $100,000 to train
               and equip each new State Trooper, plus figuring 33-50% of each departing officers last years pay
               lost due to loss of experience (see report by A0237 Executive Working Group, pg. 3, paragraph
               A). My calculations show that using a low average salary of $50,000 for these 114 departed
               employees, the loss of these 114 Trooperstofficers and replacing them + 3 new Troopers has thus
               far cost the state $4.29 million over the past 4 years.

               I too am a conservative and believe it is imperative that we save for a rainy day. I do not believe
               however, one should put their entire paycheck in the bank and not pay their utility and food
               bills. Gov. Palin, the Troopers within the Department of Public Safety are your food



                10/29/2009.


                                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0013026
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



               bill, manwhile your family, the citizens of Alaska, are starving! $4.29 million is a lot of money to flush
               down the toilet because some in your administration believe, "if they don't like their pay, they can just
               quit". I ask how much a financial package for Troopers that makes DPS competitive in the job market
               will cost in comparison?

                Governor, next to a healthy economy and adequate schools, Americans as a whole, and Alaskans in
                particular want adequate public safety for their families. You have the unique opportunity to make a
                clear statement to Alaskans and to the rest of the country that you will no longer tolerate this great state
                belonging to the criminals. You can single handedly provide this state the highly trained, dedicated
                State Troopers it needs to change these disturbing statistics. Giuliani did it in New York City, and look
                how popular his still is across the country to this day.

               I intend to be brief, so I will not discuss at length the hazardous conditions that Law Enforcement faces.
               Needless to say, if statisticians used rate of physical injury instead of death rates, commercial crabbers
               would loose the title of most dangerous job.

                As an Alaska State Trooper, I took an oath to serve the people of Alaska. You, in taking office as
                Governor took a similar oath. I am confused as to how the two of us, having both been born and raised
                in Alaska, and having taken a similar oath, cannot agree on the importance of this issue. I eagerly await
                your response and would be happy to discuss this and other issues with you in any format you prefer.

                Thank you, and good luck, because I know you have difficult decisions ahead.

                Sincerely,

                Brent W. Johnson
                PO Box 846
                Tok, AK 99780

                907-883-3811




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013027
