Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:18 AM
             To:                      roaeja@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:15 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. dr burke

             address: none none AK 9999




            MESSAGE:

             I guess tundra fires due to lightening strikes; are going to become more and

            more frequent with millions of acres ablaze as the tundra dries out., due to

            global warming.      I think the Governor should increase Dept of Interior budget for

            the foreseeable future.        We are.talking about the WHOLE STATE of ALASKA above

            the arctic circle, being on fire!



            Warming Climate May Cause Arctic Tundra To Burn

            ScienceDaily (Mar. 5, 2008) - Research from ancient sediment cores indicates that a
            warming climate could make the world's arctic tundra far more susceptible to fires than
            previously thought. The findings are important given the potential for tundra fires to
            release organic carbon -- which could add significantly to the amount of greenhouse gases
            already blamed for global warming.




            roaeja@acsalaska.net
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013028
