Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov)
            Sent:                    Wednesday, March 05, 2008 2:20 PM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Fish-and-Game




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 2:36 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game




            Web mail from: Elizabeth Manning

            address: Alaska Department of Fish and Game ,          333 Raspberry Rd. Anchorage AK 99518


             267-2168




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin,

            On behalf of the various bear committees around the state (including the Kenai Brown Bear
            Committe, the Anchorage Bear Committee and the Juneau Bear Committee), we would like to
            invite you to be the voice of one of our bear public service announcements. This year we
            are combining efforts to put forth statewide radio messages. I know you have an extremely
            busy schedule but hope you might have some time to lend your well-known and respected
            voice to this effort. We plan to record these by March 15. We could come to wherever you
            are and it would take about 15 minutes of your time. Please let me know if this is of
            interest and I will send the message we would like you to read and arrange for recording.
            These are basic messages about reducing bear attractants around the places where Alakans
            live and play, and about keeping bears wild and people safe.

            Thank you for considering it.

            Respectfully,

            Elizabeth Manning

            Wildlife Education and outreach

            267-2168, elizabeth.manning@alaska.gov



            elizabeth.manning@alaska.gov




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0013024
