Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From :   <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, March 05, 2008 9:07 PM
                  To:      John Katz
                  Subject: Fw: Congressional Earmarks/State Position


                                         (This is for Senators Stevens and Murkowski)
                                                 (also, for Congressman Young)

                Per our discussion last week, I wanted you to see the attached opinion piece by
                Governor Palin published today in the Fairbanks News-Miner.

                As you will note, the op-ed piece discusses several of the issues that you raised last
                week. In my opinion, the op-ed is the most succinct statement of State
                administration policy on earmarks of which I am aware. Hopefully, you will
                conclude as I have that the summary addresses many of your concerns.

                Regarding transportation earmarks, in particular , DOTPF is currently working on a
                comprehensive audit of all pending projects . We will provide this to you when
                finalized.

                In addition, we will be talking with them tomorrow about how to further improve
                communications between the State and local governments concerned about specific
                earmarks. I am hopeful that all of this will inure to everyone's benefit at the federal
                level, as we work with you to address transportation earmarks and to ensure that
                adequate funding is available.

                I very much appreciated our meeting last week. It was important to discuss the
                issues o conce___  you, and to identify possible solutions.




                Setting the earmarks opinion straight
                Gov. Sarah Palin

                Published Wednesday, March 5, 2008

                I feel compelled to respond to your gross mischaracterization (March 2, "Earful of
                Earmarks") of my position on congressional earmarks.

                I am not among those who have said "earmarks are nothing more than pork projects
                being shoveled home by an overeager congressional delegation." I recognize that
                Congress, which exercises the power of the purse, has the constitutional


               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0013043
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


               responsibility to put its mark on the federal budget, including adding funds that the
               president has not proposed.

               Accordingly, my administration has recommended funding for specific projects and
               programs when there is an important federal purpose and strong citizen support.

               This year, we have requested 31 earmarks, down from 54 in 2007. Of these, 27
               involve continuing or previous appropriations and four are new requests . The total
               dollar amount of these requests has been reduced from approximately $550 million
               in the previous year to just less than $200 million.

               I believe this represents a responsible approach to the changing situation in
               Congress . Some misinterpret this as criticism of our congressional delegation.

               In fact, it responds to messages from the Congressional delegation and the Bush
               administration . They have told us that the number of earmarks in the federal
               budget will be reduced and that there must be a strong federal purpose underlying
               each request.

               We have also heard that , wherever possible, earmark requests must be accompanied
               by a state or local match. So, there are state budget consequences that must be
               considered as well when we ask for federal help.

               There is no inconsistency or hypocrisy between my previous statements concerning
               earmarks and the recommendations my administration made to the delegation on
               Feb. 15. Specifically, I said earlier that the state would submit no more than 12 new
               requests , excluding earmarks for ongoing projects and the Alaska National Guard.
               Our recommendations are consistent with my previous comments and recognize the
               new budgetary realities in D.C.

               Further I a laud the delegation' s decision to post all earmark requests. Posting,
               along with other reforms, will help insure the open an d transparent public process
               that good government demands.

               Regarding your comments concerning earmarks requested by local governments and
               other Alaska entities , I have never sought to impose my views on their activities. In
               fact, my D.C . office meets with dozens of local governments and others requesting
               earmarks and this interaction has always been cooperative and cordial.

               Each entity must interpret the new realities in D.C . for itself. The final decisions
               about which earmark requests to pursue are made by the congressional delegation
               as our representatives in Congress.

               My role at the federal level is simply to submit the most well-conceived earmark
               requests we can. Of course , since the congressional delegation has told us that they
               expect state or local matches , requests submitted by others may have implications
               for the Alaska Legislature as well.

               As I have said previously, we can either respond to the changing circumstances in



               8/27/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0013044
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


               Congress or stick our heads in the sand. For better or worse, earmarks, which
               represent only about 1 percent of the federal budget, have become a symbol for
               budgetary discussions in general.

               Unfortunately, Alaska has been featured prominently in the debate about reform. By
               recognizing the necessity for change, we can enhance the state's credibility in the
               appropriations process and in other areas of federal policy.

                One of my goals as governor is making Alaska as self-sufficient as possible. Among
                other things, that means the ability to develop our natural resources in a
                responsible manner.

                However, I am also mindful of the role that the federal government plays in our
                state. The federal budget, in its various manifestations, is incredibly important to
                us, and congressional earmarks are one aspect of this relationship.

                Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                iwkatzna.alaskadc .org. Thank you .




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0013045
