Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


                Unknown
                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:       Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:53 AM
                To:         Vision Money
                Subject: RE: Alaska State Fair
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




                From : Vision Money [malito:pattywagnvision@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 7:29 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Alaska State Fair

                Hello Governor Palin,

                As you prepare the budget for the coming year, I urge you to consider allocating
                monies to the Alaska State Fair in Palmer to complete the Ag Building. This building
                was constructed years ago, but never finished for lack of funds. There have been
                tires holding down roof panels so they don't blow away during some of Palmers horrific
                wind storms. Now additional building codes are in place that require added
                improvements. The fair is unable to raise addiquate funds on its own to cover the cost
                of these repairs.
                The building is used by 4H and other educational groups, and is used to showcase
                Alaska agriculture. Please help Alaskans enjoy the benifits of the Alaska State
                Fairgrounds, and help us get the building finished.

                Thank you.

                En....Joy

                Vision Money
                ASV Vendor


                Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0013034
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 6


                Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:59 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Mar. 4-10, 2008



                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:20 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : Weekly News Bulletin: Mar. 4-10, 2008

                                         If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see It online.




                                                1ati lfwed'r,
                         Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Mar. 4 - 10, 2008


                 HEADLINES...
                 1. Decline in Construction Spending Bound to Affect Waste
                    Industry
                 2. House Passes Legislation to Support Renewable Energy
                    Development, Again
                 3. Waste Management Sells $600 Million Senior Notes to Repay
                    Debt
                4. Sacramento City Council to Consider Plasma Technology
                5.. Researchers at UC Davis Seeking Manure-Treatment
                    Technologies
                6. Clean Harbors Earnings . Rise 45 Percent
                 7.. Clean Harbors Acquires Recycling Sites for $15 Million
                8. CRRA to Increase Fees but Less Than Previously Announced
                9. Casella Names New Board Member
                10. Waste Industries USA Buys a Tennessee Hauler
                11. Waste Services Announces Record Fourth Quarter Results
                12. WCA Waste Corp Grows Revenues ; Earnings Off Slightly
                13. Allied Waste to Save Millions by Converting Preferred Stock
                14. Startech Environmental Reports Strong 2007 Financials;
                    Optimistic Outlook


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: 'www.wastebusinessjournal.com.                                               {
                 glgnup and Unsubscribe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



                                 ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                                                                                             a.PorA..so+o
                the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to- date and




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0013035
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Page 2 of 6



                 comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste processing and
                 disposal facilities across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites Is a powerful
                 research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
                 operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants, materials recovery
                 facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer stations, composting
                 operations and more throughout the entire US. [Learn More...]


                 1.    DECLINE IN CONSTRUCTION SPENDING BOUND TO AFFECT
                       WASTE INDUSTRY
                       The Commerce Department released statistics confirming what many In
                       the waste industry already know: that construction spending in the US is
                       falling. In fact, total construction spending fell in January the most in 14
                       years, 3.3% below what is was a year ago. Spending fell by 1.7% in
                       January alone. Builders slashed spending on residential projects, but the
                       weakness spread beyond that ailing sector. There were cutbacks in
                       spending on, among other things, hotels and motels, highways and
                       various projects by state and local governments... Read More )>


                 2.   HOUSE PASSES LEGISLATION TO SUPPORT RENEWABLE
                      ENERGY DEVELOPMENT, AGAIN
                      In a vote of 236 to 182, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed
                      the Renewable Energy and Energy Conservation Tax Act of 2008 (H.R.
                      5351), a bill that would extend much-needed tax benefits to the
                      renewable energy industry. In its current form, H.R. 5351 would extend
                      the 30% investment tax credit (ITC) for solar energy and qualified fuel
                      cell projects for eight years. It would also extend by three years the
                      production tax credit (PTC) for certain renewable energy facilities such
                      as wind, biomass, and geothermal, and it would establish a new PTC for
                      cellulosic ethanol production. The bill proposed to fund the ITC and PTC
                      extensions through reductions in oil subsidies, resurrecting a provision
                      removed from the energy legislation that was passed in December
                      2007... Read More


                3.    WASTE MANAGEMENT SELLS $600 MILLION SENIOR NOTES
                      TO REPAY DEBT
                      Waste Management Inc. is selling $600 million in senior notes to repay
                      other debt and for general corporate purposes. Money from the notes,
                      due in 2018, will go to repay borrowings from the company's revolving
                      credit facility and to repay $244 million in senior notes that become
                      callable in May. The notes have been assigned ratings of BBB by both
                      Standard & Poor's and Fitch and Baa3 by Moody 's...Read More u


                4.     SACRAMENTO CITY COUNCIL TO CONSIDER PLASMA
                       TECHNOLOGY
                       The.City Council of Sacramento California voted to enter negotiations
                      .with Westinghouse Plasma Corp. to possibly build a plasma-arc
                       gasification plant that could conceivably dispose of the 146,000 tons of
                       waste generated annually by the city. Currently, that waste is hauled to
                       Waste Management's giant Lockwood Regional landfill in Sparks, Nev.
                       Westinghouse Plasma is a division of Calgary, Alberta- based Alter NRG,
                       an alternative energy developer. Plasma arcs have been used In research
                       and Industry for decades, but have not been deployed for large-scale
                       waste disposal, at least in the United States. Westinghouse Plasma
                       Corp., which developed the technology, has helped develop waste-to-
                       energy plants in Japan, two under development in India, and one which
                       is under development near Tallahassee , Fla. . .Read More »


                5.    RESEARCHERS AT UC DAVIS SEEKING MANURE -TREATMENT



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0013036
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Page 3 of 6


                      TECHNOLOGIES
                      The increasing concern over air and water pollution emanating from
                      large beef and dairy farms is leading researchers at the University of
                      California in Davis to investigate effective manure -treatment
                      technologies . The researchers are collaborating with the California Air
                      Resources Board, as well as other regulatory and Industry organizations
                      under funding from the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency . As part of
                      the study, formally known as the California Dairy Manure Technology
                      Review, they are asking vendors to provide scientific and cost data of
                      their manure treatment technologies for objective assessment by a panel
                      of experts from government, industry, academia and environmental
                      groups ... Read More))


                 6.   CLEAN HARBORS EARNINGS RISE 45 PERCENT
                      Clean Harbors said that growth in its technical services business helped
                      increase fourth quarter earnings by 45% to $16 . 6 million, or $0.81 per
                      share, from $11. 4 million , or $0.56 per share , during the same period
                      the previous year . Revenue increased 11% to $257 . 7 million . The news
                      even surprised many analysts whom had been expecting earnings of
                      about $0 . 67 per share . Alan McKim , Clean Harbors ' chairman and chief
                      executive said that an improved product mix helped the company win
                      large- scale projects and drive business to its disposal facilities. Clean
                      Harbors also got a boost from emergency response and small scale
                      project revenue because of work on the clean up of an oil spill In the San
                      Francisco Bay in November , For the full year, net Income fell to $44
                      million, or $2 . 14 per share , from $46 . 4 million , or $2.26 per share, In
                      2006... Read More u


                 7:   CLEAN HARBORS ACQUIRES RECYCLING SITES FOR $15
                      MILLION
                      Clean Harbors is acquiring two recycling facilities in Chicago and Hebron,
                      Ohio and associated business with those facilities from Safety-Kleen
                      Systems Inc. for $12.5 million in cash and the assumption of $3 million
                      in liabilities. The two facilities generated about $16 million in revenue in
                      2007. The deal which is expected to close by the end of March, is also
                      expected to boost earnings in 2008... Read More o


                 Market Radius Reports
                 Focus on Your Market...
                 Market radius reports capture all waste
                 operations within a given market. They
                 provide analysis of the major players by
                 market share, and show historical trends
                 of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                 to that area. [ Learn More...]




                8.    CRRA TO INCREASE FEES BUT LESS THAN PREVIOUSLY
                      ANNOUNCED
                      The Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority announced that it will not
                      be raising tipping fees by as much as previously threatened. Citing
                      newfound state money, the agency will raise fees from $60.97 per ton
                      currently, to $72 per ton, which is $4 less than what had been already
                      approved. Instead, the state's governor will give the agency $3 million
                      from the State Bond Commission. The additional funding which had been
                      needed to help pay for the closure of the Hartford landfill was also
                      thought to be needed to help the agency settle a lawsuit with its 70-
                      member municipalities over a previous deal with now defunct Enron




                 10/29/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0013037
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                      Page 4 of 6


                      Corp... Read More


                 9.   CASELLA NAMES NEW BOARD MEMBER
                      Casella Waste has added a new board member Michael K. Burke who
                      replaces outgoing member D. Randolph Peeler, who had served as a
                      designee of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of
                      the Company, which was redeemed in August 2007. Burke has served in
                      a number of senior financial roles, most recently as Executive Vice
                      President and Chief Financial Officer of Intermagnetics General
                      Corporation, a publicly traded medical device company. He has also
                      served senior positions in manufacturing and investment banking,
                      having spent twenty years as a Managing Director at CIBC Oppenheimer
                      (now CIBC World Markets)... Read More »


                 10. WASTE INDUSTRIES USA BUYS A TENNESSEE HAULER
                     Waste Industries USA recently acquired American Disposal Services,
                     LLC, a commercial and industrial hauling service provider in
                     Hendersonville, TN. It is expected to contribute $ 3 million In hauling
                     revenues and will tuck into existing company operations there. According
                     to Ven Poole, Vice President, Corporate Development, This addition to
                     our Nashville operation will improve our route density while adding no
                     significant SG&A expense. ".. Read More


                 11. WASTE SERVICES ANNOUNCES RECORD FOURTH QUARTER
                     RESULTS
                     Burlington, Ont. -based Waste Services, Inc. reported that strong fourth
                     quarter internal revenue growth of 6.8% combined with 21% growth
                     through acquisitions increased operating margins and brought profits to
                     breakeven from a net loss a year ago. For the year, net acquisitions
                     added $72.8 million comprising 18.6% of revenues; which, together with
                     internal growth of 5.5% coming from price increases and fuel
                     surcharges, helped revenues expand by 24. 8% to $488 .3 million
                     compared to $391.4 million in 2006... Read More ,>


                12. WCA WASTE CORP GROWS REVENUES ; EARNINGS OFF
                    SLIGHTLY
                    WCA Waste Corp said that fourth quarter revenues were up by 23.7% to
                    $49.7 million but that an interest rate charge brought profits to a net
                    loss of $2.5 million, or $0.15 per share. That compared with net income
                    of $351,000, or $0.02 per share, on revenue of $37. 4 million , for the
                    same quarter in 2006. Analysts had been expecting earnings of $0.11
                    per share. The company said the loss was due to a $2 . 9 million pre-tax
                    loss from an interest rate swap. Tom Fatjo, Chairman of WCA Waste
                    Corporation, stated, "During 2007 our Company was successful in
                    investing over $ 100 million in acquisitions , growing the company
                    internally by 6.9%, exceeding internal budgets overall even though
                    Florida did not meet expectations.".. Read More »


                13. ALLIED WASTE TO SAVE MILLIONS BY CONVERTING
                    PREFERRED STOCK
                    Allied Waste Industries says it will save $37. 5 million in annual cash
                    dividends by converting preferred stock into common shares . Holders of
                    the Series D preferred stock are receiving 25.3 shares of common stock
                    for each share of preferred stock they hold. This will add 60 .7 million
                    shares of common stock, bringing the company's total to about 443
                    million shares... Read More »


                14. STARTECH ENVIRONMENTAL REPORTS STRONG 2007
                    FINANCIALS; OPTIMISTIC OUTLOOK



                10/29/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0013038
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                            Page 5 of 6


                        Startech Environmental, which builds and operates a plasma converter
                        system, reports that Shareholders' Equity is in excess of $4.4 million
                        with approximately $11.6 million In Cash on Hand , along with Plasma
                        Converter Sales Bookings of approximately $25 million. Startech VP and
                        CFO, Peter Scanlon, said, "With sales in Asia , Europe and North America,
                        and manufacturing well under way, the Company has never before been
                        as strong as it is today, and getting stronger . We're all very optimistic
                        about Startech's future.".. Read More A


                 Waste Market Overview &                 Sue of the Waste vanag em"t Indus"
                                                         Historical and Prcected
                 Outlook                                 (n8   sd5)
                 The Waste Market Overview       ·'·
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation, collection,
                 processing, recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal, and shows the                                                                           e
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 ·   Market Revenues by Segment
                 ·   Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 ·   Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 a   Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 ·   Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 ·   Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 ·   Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 ·   Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...




                     ABOUT US
                     Waste Business Journal researches the waste Industry and publishes a
                                                                                                    I
                     variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                     on their particular needs . Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                     can help you.
                     CONTACT US
                     PO Box 40034
                     San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                     Tel 619.793.5190
                     Fax 619.793.4713
                     Email info@wastebusinessjournal:com.
                     FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                     Forward email
                     UNSUBSCRIBE
                 This email was sent to office_of_the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                 info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                     Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                     SafeUnsubscribe '" I Privacy Policy.
                     QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                     Email thompson@ wastebusinessjournal.com.



                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0013039
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                   Page 6 of 6



                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WB] has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                10/29/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0013040
