Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                       Thursday, March 06, 2008 7:50 PM
            To:                         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject:                    Re: Creamery Corp wind down.


            Great coverage on MatMaid in the black at the end of the day. Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>




            Date: Wed, 05 Mar 2008 11:43:17

            To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: FW: Creamery Corp wind down.




            FYI, on latest of wind down of Creamery Corp.



            Also,    I am meeting with Franci tomorrow afternoon at the Division.



             From: Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR)

             Sent: Wednesday, March 05, 2008 11:39 AM

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Cc: Otto, Christina L (LAW); Simons, Leta L (DNR)

             Subject: Creamery Corp wind down.

           Just to keep you two up to speed on the CC. We (Tina, Leta, Ray, Franci, Marlys Hagen (DNR
           Support Services) and Cristin Cowles-Brunton (DNR Support Services)) met yesterday and
           did a quick status check on wind down activities we discussed in the larger meeting last
           week- Kris you were involved in that meeting. Things are progressing on the items outlined
           in the plan. (We have to be careful not to confuse movement with progress- we are making
           progress). Debts are being paid, the written concent of the shareholder for voluntary
           dissolution of the CC was signed and filed, the corporate records of officers directors
           and agent were cleaned up. The CC's attorney, Pete Ginder is gone( or winding up), and Ray
           Nix is the agent. DNR ARLF assumed responsibility for and charge over utilities and
           insurance on the Anchorage property and Palmer Property on March 1. DNR is taking
           possession of the financial records, etc. We are figuring out where to put and store stuff
           and sorting as soon as we get our arms around the project. We have the draft MOU and
           reimbursement agreement in to the Tina for final review that spells out what needs doing
           and that we get paid by the corporation. Letters have gone to creditors-at least most if
           not all. Tina is doing a great job as is Ray on keeping things on the front burner. The
           Financial services folks really are picking in and taking the initiate to herd the record
           cats and getting ready to paid any bills, get the mail, etc. We will have another larger
                                                                       1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPOI 0013051
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            status update meeting after next week. Kris we will invite you to that one.




                                                           2
