Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 6:56 PM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: interesting info of Gov Swift


            What poor decisions she made there.         Please , just shoot me if you ever see me travel such a
            road.



            I'm trying to get to Fairbanks earlier than planned tomorrow so I can get to Bd of Game
            mtg... then spend the night up there to catch Fur and Ice (and International Trade) events
            and the Gov's reception the next day. I'm game to squeeze in anything else on the ached
            while I'm up there - I could pop into their Editorial Board room at newsminer... What do
            you think?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Thu, 06 Mar 2008 15:53:47

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: interesting info of Gov Swift




           By the end of her term, Swift was extremely unpopular with voters in the state (at one
           point having the duhiouR honor of a single -digit approval rating). This unpopularity was
           due in part to a perceived lack of effectiveness and in part to apparent abuses of her
           gubernatorial privileges, including: her use of a Massachusetts State Police helicopter to
           commute cross-state, from Boston to her home in North Adams; and, the use of State House
           aides to babysit her children.

           Massachusetts does not, have a Governor's Mansion. However, during the Swift
           Administration, it was given serious consideration. For security reasons after 9/11, Swift
           was driven daily to the state capital, spending up to six hours commuting as profiled on
           CBS's 60 Minutes <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/60_Minutes> . She rode in a van which had
           been converted into a mobile office.

           In 2001, her poll numbers sinking during a political campaign, she vetoed
           <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veto>   a unanimous ruling by the Board of Appeals for the
           commutation of the sentence of Gerald Amirault, who was serving a 30 to 40 year sentence
           for molesting children at a pre-school based on suspicious evidence (recovered memories)
           from young children. As a result, Mr. Amirault spent three more years in prison (18 years
           in all). Regarding Gov. Swift' s refusal to allow Amirault' s release , on February 21, 2002,
           the Wall Street Journal, in its lead editorial wrote, "[Governer Swift] joins the long
           line of the ambitious and the self-seeking, prosecutors and politicians, who chose
           expediency over justice."




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0013055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director



            (907)   269-7450 Anchorage

            (907)   465-4031 Juneau

            (907)   240-7943 cell




                                                        2
