Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Monday, April 21, 2008 4:40 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Monday, April 21, 2008 5:06 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Nancy Schaafsma

address: 8296 Mychelle Lane Cadillac Ml 49601

231-775-8141



MESSAGE:

Dear Governor, and Mr. Palin,

 I was so happy to hear of your very special 5th child!! Our 5th child, a son, was born in Soldotna, 21
years ago, with many severe special needs! He continues to bring us unspeakable joy, and is God's
most precious blessing to us. 21 years ago, Anchorage did not know what to do with Jordan, and
neither did Seattle!! Our choices ended up being Phoenix, or England! 5 years later, we ended up
having to leave our most beloved Alaska, since the medical trips were tearing our family apart.
Today, we still consider Alaska, home. All our boys (5) were born there, and now 2 live in Wasilla. All
our boys adore their brother, Jordan, and Jordan adores them. They are great men, because or their
brother, Jordan. (Buddy to them) We come back as often as we can, and would love to move back, if
we knew that Jordan could be well cared for there.



We applaud you!! Thanks you for welcoming your very precious Trig. Our USA needs more Trigs,
and Jordans!! Thanks you for not considering abortion!! You are blessed, we are blessed, we will be
praying for you, and your family. Nancy Schaafsma



                                                   1
                                                                                 ROSTON 02259




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
rschaafsma@chartermi.net




                                     2                       ROSTON 02260




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
