Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 11:33 AM
           To:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
           Subject:                 Re: Metlakatla


           You are so darn funnyl Thanks for the congrats.



           Yes, that letter's good to go, and we'll be ready to defend our position based in part of
           the Borough's strong onjections too. Thank yoy

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



           Date: Thu, 06 Mar 2008 11:06:39

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: Metlakatla




           Dear Governor Palin,

                      First, congratulations, you know "Talis Palin" has a nice ring to it.



                  Last week I had talked to you briefly about a letter that we have prepared to be
           sent to the US Dept. of Interior. Mr. Katz has it ready to be delivered when I give it
           the green light. The letter, which is lengthy, basically opposes the current attempt by
           the Metlakatla reservation (our only reservation) to extend their ocean boundaries.   Our
           opposition would not be well received by Metlakatla. However, the Ketchikan Gateway
           Borough has already filed a "strenuous objection" and the proposed expansion would clearly
           impact all sorts of fish stock and their management.



                      Can I permit Mr. Katz to release the letter?



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                       Talis




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013072
