Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 12:25 PM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :                FW: Elections




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 12:32 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections



            Web mail from: Mr. Kevin Tjaden

            address: 16459 Fallbrook Drive Farmington MN 55024

             952-236-8459




            MESSAGE;

            Madam Governor,

            Today for the first time, I heard your name associated with a possible vice-president role
            along side Senator Mccain. I was immediately intrigued by the idea of a conservative
            leader of an energy and resource based economy being part of this ticket. I went right to
            your website to learn more about you, and I am very impressed. Im looking forward to
            learning more, especially to learn your interest in national politics as we get closer to
            convention. I do believe this country is ready for a female president (or vice-president)
            but it simply cannot be another run of the mill hard core feminist like Clinton. We are
            ready for a conservative, strong value based woman to fill a critical leadership role, and
            I hope its at least under your consideration.

            Congratulations on the success so far in your wonderful state, and further congrats on
            the upcoming birth of your fifth child!



            Take care and God bless,

            Kevin and Kris Tjaden



           ktjaden@charter.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013068
