Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 10:30 AM
           To:                      jmitzel@yahoo.com
           Subject :                RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 8:19 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Julia Mitzel

           address: 5618 E. 40th Ave. #C302 Anchorage AK 99504




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin-

           Congratulations on your pregnancy.

           I must say I was extremely disappointed, however, when I read about your shockingly cold
           approach to your upcoming postpartum period. Going back to the work the next day? I am
           sure anything I could say about infant bonding (much less than your need and right to
           recover after delivery) would fall on deaf ears.



           In a nation that continues to trail the rest of the world in refusing to provide mandatory
           paid maternity leave, your very public decision to not stay home FOR ANY PERIOD OF TIME
           with your child only feeds the fire of those who feel pregnancy and postpartum are not
           worthy of special attention. Infants need their mothers. I am a working mother and a
           healthcare provider. I am not espousing the need to sit at home in your cabin weaving all
           of your children's clothing and breastfeeding until age 5, but why oh why must you so
           publicly proclaim that the arrival of a new child is, apparently, no big deal.



           I can tell you, with great certainty, that if a low income or minority woman delivered a
           child, and then stated her intention was leave that child with someone else the very next
           day.. .there would be a social services referral. Of course, you will not be treated that
           way. I have no doubt you love your children, but will the earliest days of your child's
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013078
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            life really be worth trading for returning immediately to the goverorship? You don't need
            to stop working , but I do wish you would stand up a little more for mothers and children.



            -Julia Mitzel



            jmitzel@yahoo.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0013079
