Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


               Unknown
               From :    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Friday, March 07, 2008 9:31 AM
               To:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
               Cc:       Provost; Kathryn T (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Alaska Gas Pipeline




                From : Cmniemi@aol.com [mailto:Cmniemi@aol.comj
                Sent : Thursday, March 06, 2008 3:42 PM
                To: Patin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: Alaska Gas Pipeline

                Governor Patin,

                We support efforts to benefit all of Alaska 's people and not just a few in powerful political positions as
                our state works out plans to build a natural gas pipeline. The AGIA is a positive step forward as
                a conceptual framework. The oil companies have bullied Alaska long enough. Don't allow them to
                bully our state officials anymore. Notice that they are not running away from Alaska . They are not
                happy with their record profits; they want it all. The all Alaska pipeline concept also deserves another
                look if it can meet the general AGIA. It appears that the oil companies didn't want to share in the
                project with Alaskans and didn't cooperate with the writing of the all Alaska project. We have lost all
                trust in the oil companies who care only about their profits and could care less about making Alaska a
                better place to live for its citizens . Alaska citizens are watching their legislators actions and voting
                records more closely . Public trust has been eroded & the corrupt politicians that serve themselves
                before the people are on their way out.

                Remember that Alaskans not living on the road system whether in the bush or in southeast are proud
                Alaskans too. Our Marine Highway is our road system. It deserves your support. The ferry system
                needs proper maintenance , updated equipment and there is no reason for the schedule not to come
                out on time . Please be a governor for all of Alaska not just the people on the road system.

                Congratulations on your expected child due in May.

                Respectfully,
                Chris & Martin Niemi
                Juneau, Alaska




                It's Tax Time! Get tips, forms and advice on AOL Money & Finance.




               10/29/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0013088
