Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 9:38 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 6:15 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. John Laramore Jr.

            address: 3917 Paradise Island Waco TX 76708

             254-751-7251




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin



           I have heard rumors that you may be on the list as a possible VP candidate. You probably
           couldn't or wouldn't reveal it if you knew so i would just like to know if you are a
           conservative like me. How do you stand on the major issues of the day and why. I wanted
           Romney to be president because I think he has the right ideas on Immigration, the War on
           Terrorism and how to truly stimulate the economy as well as the Spirit of America. John
           McCain is my second choice because I feel he doesn't understand photosynthesis and
           therefore does't understand that the phydoplankton in the ocean grows to absorb excess
           carbon dioxide. In otherwords Man-Made Global Warming doesn't exist. I feel cap and trade
           will further injure our corporations and elevate inflation. Sorry I got on my soapbox. I
           feel strongly about these issues. I would feel priveledged if you would respond to my E-
           mail. I promise I'm just an ordinary small business owner and would only show it to my
           freinds and not the media. A freindl

           y but curious Regan conservative John Laramore Jr.




           xandermansdad@aol.com




                                                                 1



                                                                                                                                I

                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0013100
