Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 06, 2008 10:11 AM
            To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Oil&amp;Gas




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 9:46 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



            Web mail from: Mr. Jay Urquhart

            address: 9436 N. Douglas Hwy.       Juneau AK 99801

             907-463-5886




            MESSAGE:




            Dear Governor Palin:




            Well, first, my best to you and yours and the upcoming birth of your child.



            I am writing to let you know that the underlying problems of the gas line could possibly
            be solved by using our own financing to build this and in addition selling stock in a
            state owned company to achieve that financing.



           I contacted the Solaris Group which encourages governments to develop their own resources.
           I presented a Plan that would have the State of Alaska start a Company which would hire a
           managing entity and then hire the pipeline contractor of their choice.

            Solaris stated to me it was very novel and deserved serious consideration and review. Up
            to you.



            Your pick of the Canadian company was perfect and I presented this company as being the
           most capable long before any pick was ever made.

                                                                 I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0013089
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            A oil company does not build a pipeline , a pipeline company does and any company can hire
            them to do just that.

            A Company hires managers to manage .   The owner of the company

            can audit any company under them at any time for full disclosure

            and accountability.



            As far as raising funds goes , the state would put up what they felt comfortable with. The
            rest would come from selling stocks in that company to the residents of the State of
            Alaska first and any additaional funding could then be raised through the sale of national
            and then international stocks.



            The Alaska gas line was listed in the top 5 most profit producing projects in the world
            last year in major investment journals.



            An example of raising funds would be Blackrock Investments being able to raise $17
           billion in 6 or 7 months just on speculation . If the lease holders did not ship the gas in
           Alaska's Pipeline pull the lease or tax them for nonproduction.



           Lots more of course but I am not a financial person and do not have staff to look into
           this.



           Thank you,



           J.




           jayu®alaska.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0013090
