Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, April 21, 2008 4:45 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 5:50 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Nikki Papoulides

address : 5809 Middlebranch NE Canton OH 44721

(330)361-0587



MESSAGE:

Governor Palin,



I would first like to Congratulate you on the birth of your new baby. Even with Down syndrome this
can be a very happy time. Enjoy your baby, rejoice in his life. Because it is a life worth living.



If I have any encouragement or words of wisdome for you to help you through this, it would be that
our children do indeed have a life worth living, and that today, our children go to regular schools
learning right next to their typical peers, they graduate from high school with regular deploma's, they
go to college, find jobs within the community, they pay taxes, because they get paid real money; our
children grow up and date, they get married and even drive cars. But if anything, our children live very
independent lives, and are worth so much more than what society precieves.



I know what a difficult time this may be for you, I know because I have walked in your shoes . I have a
son with Down syndrome and I can tell you that he is really smart , loving , independent , strong
                                                      i
                                                                                  ROSTON 02264




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
headed and all of this is at four years old. I am excited to see what the future holds for him. And I
want you to know, that our children have great futures ahead of them. But we have to advocate for
them, and believe me it's a fight and it can be exhausting to try and get the simple things for your
child that others would never have to ask for. But we do it. And it's not always a bed of roses, we
have challenges, a little different then most families, but it's do able.



Our lives are not very different from the general population, and soon, your life will fall back into that
normal range. And you will wonder what all the fuss was about.



But most importantly in my message is that you can do this. It's not the end of the world, even tho it
feels like it. Treat your child typical, and have high expectations of your child. Expect that your child
will talk, walk, read, count ect, and it will happen. Don't take no for an answer. Stand up and fight
when you have to. In the long run your child is the winner.



npdssn@aol.com




                                                     2
                                                                                    ROSTON 02265




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
