Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, April 21, 2008 4:46 PM
To:                     'fek9wn r@yahoo. com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats


-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 6:04 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Jacqueline Humphreys

address: 1536 Cordova Street #3 Anchorage AK 99501

 907-929-5625



MESSAGE:

Dear Govenor Palin,

I'm sure you are receiving thousands of congradulations on the birth of your new son, and I would like
to add mine to it. As we are the same age, and herald from the "Oh Mickey Your So Fine" era, I also
want to add thanks for being such a great role model for us 40 something women and moms. As I
was browsing the web yesterday, I ran across a picture of you and your family. You were obviously
attending some politcal function, the caption didn't say. It was you, your husband, and your three
daughters. I had to stop and smile. Your youngest daughter had a beautiful red dress, white tights,
black shoes, and a crown on. If you ever doubt that your job is making you less of a mother, just
have a look at that picture. Any mother that would let her little girl be a princess not matter what the
occasion, has nothing to worry about in the motherhood department. I'm a mother of twin 6 year
olds, and didn't need to actually buy clothing from age 3 1/2 to 5. That's when their Sleeping Be

auty and Tinkerbell dresses finally wore out.

You are doing a great job , and you've given me a great female role model . I'm an aspiring writer, and
I just may put you in one of my books. Keep up the good work, and congradulations to your whole
family.

Jackie Humphreys


                                                    1                              ROSTON 02266




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
thejaderavyn@live.com




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
