Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Monday, April 21, 2008 4:49 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats


-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Monday, April 21, 2008 9:03 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Economic-Development



Web mail from: Sandra Allen

address: 5960 Orth Circle Anchorage AK 99507 907-245-5440



MESSAGE:

Dear Governor--I am presently vacationing in Mexico with my 45 year old Sister who has Downs
Syndrome. When I heard that you were blessed with a special child like our Mary I just had to write.
When Mary was born we were devastated and in those days they immediately took all these children
to institutions and hid them away. Our Doctor said we should do the same. Instead--our Family kept
Mary and she has been the best thing that ever happened to our Family. She is the purest soul I
know and is also the most fun person on the planet. All my Children and Grandchildren became
better people and developed kinder and more understanding spirits by growing up with Mary. My
Father was a Minister in California and she has friends all over the state from every church he
pastored. The public life that required only helped her develop into a more wonderful woman who
impacted untold numbers of people. What an honor has been bestowed upon your Family and how
lucky for this little boy to have y ou as his Family. All of us in Alaska will benefit from watching him
grow up. Thank you for your service to all of us--and Thank you to your Family for sharing you with
us.

With Love and Blessing for you all--

Sandy Allen



sandya@gci.net


                                                                                    ROSTON 02272
                                                    1




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                          ROSTON 02273
                                     i




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
