Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, March 07, 2008 8:42 AM
            To:                      mcworkman@acsalaska.net
            Subject:                 RE: Elections


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, March 06, 2008 9:15 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections




            Web mail from: Mr. Christian McWorkman

            address: 12065 Woodchase Cr. Anchorage AK 99516

             345-7888




            MESSAGE:

            I put down "Mr." as the prefix of my name, even though I'm fourteen years old. Nevermind
            that. This night, I heard from my parents that when you gave birth in Wasilla to your
            third son, you delivered on Monday, and on Tuesday you were back in the office. I
            recognize that as a major sign of ultimate integrity. Which makes me want to say, "YOU
            ROCK!" And so I think you ought to run for president. I think that you would do a great
            job at stopping inflation, and even reversing it, and get our American Dollar back its
            value. I think that you will help get our slowing economy back on its feet and running
            again. SO. That's what I think.



            Sincerely,

            Christian R. McWorkman



            mcworkman@acsalaska.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013159
