Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                 From :   PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
                Sent:     Sunday, March 09, 2008 4:02 PM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
                Subject: Recognition of your dual creations
                Governor Palin,
                As a citizen of Alaska i feel compelled to recognize, support, and convey my warmest regards
                for you, your husband, and your family for your newest and expected upcoming member to your
                family....

                If i might take this liberty; As it is my belief that you are a product of your family as your family
                is a product of you, i thank you all
                for your being our Governor who has, is and hopefully will continue to bring us Alaskans many
                more new and special creations in which we continue to be proud to reflect, review, and share
                in with you.

                 By new and special creations i am referring also to such things as:

                Pregnancy in Office ( naturally)
                Honest Government
                Open Government
                The AGIA Process (Testimony)
                Ability to participate in the Government process
                Common Sense Reasoning and Courtesies
                Open and Honest Dialog
                Convictions to find the truth
                Establishing Priorities

                Alright, i am losing the point somewhat here... Anyway, Thanks Gov. and Todd or MR. Palin,
                Man oh man, dude , i am not sure i would be able to handle all this... While all of the rest
                must be thinking your a lucky guy (no doubt); well, i am kinda thinkin she is also a lucky
                Governor to have a strong husband and family....

                My formal best and warmest regards,

               Paul D.Kendall


               Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.




                10/29/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0013171
