Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                    Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.Ieschper@alaska.gov]
            Sent :                    Monday, March 10, 2008 12:06 PM
            To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
            Cc:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                  RE: Other


            Michelle said that most of these are out of state.



            It's part of a national Defenders of Wildlife campaign that she is already aware of.



            Nizich and the DC office are aware of this latest spike -- I'm confident it'll be an
            ongoing campaign, so we'll keep getting more.



            Beth



            -----Original Message-----

            From:   Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

            Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 11:58 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

            Subject: RE: Other




            Is this something that we need to respond to or the Governor needs to know about as were
            getting over the top with this. Thanks, Janice



            -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 11:15 AM

           To: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

           Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Subject: FW: Other



           Sunny,

           We are being over whelmed with calls and emails about this, I just wanted to you know in
           the last 30 mina I have recd 1600 email about this


                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0013217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 12:14 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other            -



            Web mail from : Ms. Ms. Ms. Molly Golubcow

            address :   13209 Collingwood Ter Silver Spring MD 20904




            MESSAGE:

            We understand that you have been discussed as a possible choice for the vice Presidency.




           As people who support the democratic process and care about protecting our wildlife for
           future generations, we want you to know that we don't believe people in our states would
           vote for you for any office if they knew your record on these issues.




           It is troubling that you are now working to deny more than 50,000 Alaskans a vote on
           aerial killing of wolves and bears with legislation now being considered in the Alaska
           legislature.




           It is deeply concerning that last year you proposed using helicopters and a $150 bounty to
           spur wolf killing in specified management zones -- despite strong scientific opposition to
           the state ' s aerial hunting program and the lack of reliable information on how many wolves
           actually exist in these areas.




           And it is baffling that you appointed your high school basketball coach - - a man with no
           relevant experience   -- to the state ' s board of game, and have condoned a $400,000 state-
           funded propaganda campaign to convince Alaskans that wildlife biologists from around the
           world are wrong when they say that the state ' s shooting of wolves and bears from airplanes
           is scientifically unfounded.




           we sincerely hope that you will recognize the importance of respecting the democratic
           process and protecting Alaska ' s wildlife in the future. But until then , you will not have
           the support of those of us who care about the democratic process and protecting our
                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0013218
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           natural treasures for future generations.



           mollygolubcow@hotmail.com




                                                         3
