Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                     Monday, March 10, 2008 12:51 PM
            To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Cc:                       Frank Bailey ; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Frye; Ivy J (DOA); Leighow;
                                      Sharon W (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
            Subject:                  Re: Lyda


            Unbelievable that she'd tell Denise that. Once I was reminded that the Miner's pr lady's
            name was Denise , of course I acknowledged being escorted by her to throw the pitch, and to
            receive the t-shirt that I then wore to Kuwait (it was on tv and the miners said they were
            proud to see it).



            Please tell Mark I appreciate his info, and that I do remember Denise.

            Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>



            Date: Mon, 10 Mar 2008 12:33:33

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Frye, Ivy J
            (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject : RE: Lyda




            Nope, never any promises made at all. As you said for the Valley, you

            only visited the Miners when you threw out the pitch. Aside from that

            there were no other visits or meetings pertaining to those specific

            Valley projects. Mark told me that according to Denise                  at the Miners,

            Ginger from Lyda's office called her to say that she was in a meeting

            with the Governor last week and that the Governor has no recollection of

            talking w/Denise or supporting the Miners.              Mark told Denise that the

            Governor certainly remembers visiting and throwing out the first pitch

           and that she is supportive of the work they do but that does not

           translate to funding.      Mark said Denise was more concerned about the

           Governor not supporting them as opposed to funding. Just before you're

                                                                     1




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0013212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           supportive of what someone is doing for their community; doesn't mean

           that it is the state's responsibility to provide financial support. I

           have a message into Denise to follow-up and find out more.



            -----Original Message-----

           From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent : Monday, March 10, 2008 11:11 AM

           To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Cc: Frank Bailey; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV);

           Frye, Ivy J (DOA); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: Lyda



           Harris just did a press conf where he repeated Lyda's disingenous

           comments from last week re: my "promise to NOT veto projects"...

           supposedly I traveled the state, visiting vetoed projects, and according

           to Lyda I "got educated and promised not to veto the projects if they

           got back in the (supplemental) budget". I totally disagree with Senate

           and House leaders repeating Lyda's claim.



           When we asked, Lyda listed Valley Recycling project visit and

           committment (yet I have not visited the center and did not know the gal

           Lyda said I promised); Mat-Su Miners baseball field (Kris was with me- I

           threw out the first pitch, did not "tour" anything and made no promises

           of no veto); and Lyda couldnt recall what other projects, but claims

           there must be many.



           Russ believed another project being touted as veto-proof, via my

           promise, came after touring the Anchorage port - again Kris was with me

           - no promise was made except to say I wanted to put it in a bond pkg so

           voters could confirm that project as a state priority.



           Can you think of anything else that she and Harris could be

           misconstruing as my " visits and promises to NOT veto "... I know she's

           wrong but we must now spend valuable time proving her wrong. Thanks.
                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular one




                                                        3
