Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, March 10, 2008 9:07 AM
           To:                      christiansen@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Elections


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMailegov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Sunday, March 09, 2008 2:54 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



           Web mail from: Shane Christensen

           address :   8210 Pioneer Dr. Anchorage AK 99504

            907-529-5153



           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin

            THANK-YOU for standing up to the big oil companies. I'm not normally a republican, and I
          don't think I'll vote for any more in the near future. How ever I did vote for you because
          of what I believe I saw in your integrity. When I talk to people from my generation, we
          are sceptics towards big government. We want to see a true representative of the people
          and so many times are disappointed. I will pray for you and yours, to have the strength to
          continue with the fight here in Alaska, for the Alaskan people.



           P.S. Should you choose a higher political standing don't settle for 2nd place, when you
          could in mine and others opinion, take FIRST. GOD Bless , great job11!!I1!!!!!1!



          christiansen@gci.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0013236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                 i

           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, March 10, 2008 9:06 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail®gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, March 09, 2008 3:03 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Kevin Scholla

           address :   1040 Old Lane Drexel Hill PA 19026

            7327739631




           MESSAGE:

           Governor-



           I really think you' ll get a kick out of this story.



           First some background:



           My name is Kevin Scholla. I am a lifelong republican. I supported Mike Huckabee for
           president, so when Senator McCain became the presumptive nominee, my first choice for vice
           president was Huckabee.  Then I started to think about other possibilities for running
           mates and you came to mind as my other top choice.



           Just as I started to tell people about your qualifications and started to mention you to
           friends and family as a possible VP you made your big announcement that you are 7 months
           pregnant and due in May. I assume you may be too busy to run a national campaign now.



           Here's the funny part .... my wife and I are expecting our first child in May as well. We
           also didn't tell any friends right away for different reasons. We had trouble during our
           first try.



                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013237
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Just as we were figuring out how to tell people you made your announcement . So it hit me.
           A funny way to tell friends about our good news . Here is a copy of the email I sent out:



           Now Huck has to be the running mate because       it looks like my #2 choice will be busy!



           JUNEAU , Alaska ( AP) - Gov . Sarah Palin and her husband are expecting their fifth child in
           May, she announced Wednesday.



           Palin , 44, who just three months ago was modeling for the fashion magazine Vogue , doesn't
           look seven months pregnant.



           In other related news , Kevin Scholla' s republican wife is also due in May. This will be
           the couple's first child.



           As you can imagine it made a lot of people laugh after they were over the initial shock!



           My wife had been teasing me the last few months saying "how in the world can you keep the
           news from friends and co-workers?"



           Well , now we know it isn ' t that hard for the husband of a 7-month pregnant woman to keep
           this quiet since a 7-month pregnant woman who happens to be the governor can do it too!!



          Anyway best of luck to you and your family .       I wish you well with lucky #5!



          Any names yet?



          Sincerely,



          Kevin Scholla

          Sports Anchor

          KYW Newsradio 1060

          Philadelphia PA

          Villanova Men's Basketball

          Public Address Announcer

          732-773-9631

          FearPip®aol.com

                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0013238
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           scholla@kyw.com

           kevin.scholla@villanova.edu




           FearPip@aol.com




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0013239
