Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 10, 2008 11:15 AM
            To:                      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
            Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other


            Sunny,

            We are being over whelmed with calls and emails about this ,             I just wanted to you know in
            the last 30 mins I have recd 1600 email about this



            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 12:14 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from : Ms. Ms. Ms. Molly Golubcow

            address :   13209 Collingwood Ter Silver Spring MD 20904




           MESSAGE:

           We understand that you have been discussed as a possible choice for the Vice Presidency.




           As people who support the democratic process and care about protecting our wildlife for
           future generations, we want you to know that we don't believe people in our states would
           vote for you for any office if they knew your record on these issues.




           It is troubling that you are now working to deny more than 50,000 Alaskans a vote on
           aerial killing of wolves and bears with legislation now being considered in the Alaska
           legislature.




           it is deeply . concerning that last year you proposed using helicopters and a $150 bounty to
           spur wolf killing in specified management zones -- despite strong scientific opposition to
           the state ' s aerial hunting program and the lack of reliable information on how many wolves
           actually exist in these areas.

                                                                  1



                                                                                                                                I
                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0013227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            And it is baffling that you appointed your high school basketball coach -- a man with no
            relevant experience -- to the state's board of game , and have condoned a $400,000 state-
            funded propaganda campaign to convince Alaskans that wildlife biologists from around the
            world are wrong when they say that the state's shooting of wolves and bears from airplanes
            is scientifically unfounded.




            We sincerely hope that you will recognize the importance of respecting the democratic
            process and protecting Alaska's wildlife in the future. But until then, you will not have
            the support of those of us who care about the democratic process and protecting our
            natural treasures for future generations.



            mollygolubcow@hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0013228
