Unknown

From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Monday, April 21, 2008 4:52 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Sunday, April 20, 2008 6:46 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Maureen Nemec

address : 9237 Kristin Lane Fairfax VA 22032

 703-425-1940



MESSAGE:

Congratulations on your beautiful baby boy! If he does have DS as some have mentioned , you and
your family are going to have a great time with a very loving child ! I have 3 daughters , 15, 12 and 6.
The youngest , Sophie , has DS . We love her so very dearly . Six months ago we moved to the DC
Metro area after being in Anchorage for 4 1 /2 years . We had fantastic therapy available to Sophie
while we were there and particularly loved Joyce Barnett (PT) and Kristin Bacon ( PT and Adaptive
Aquatics .) Phenomenal individuals . Sadly , we did not find the special education in ASD so great and
it is one of the main reasons we moved . I hope that through strong , caring leadership that may
change under your administration . Sophie now gets her school based therapies IN the classroom
and she doesn 't have to be pulled out to go to a different setting for OT, PT and Speech as was the
case in Anchorage . Also, assistive technology was balked at when we brought it up at an IEP
meeting . The principa

I at Bowman Elementary said it was way too soon to look at that. Here in the Fairfax County Public
Schools, I didn't even have to ask for it. I was told the assistive technology specialist met with Sophie
and her special ed teacher and gave some great programs for them to use. Sophie has great
difficulty writing, but is great at using the computer and has been for a number of year now. Although
not long time Alaskans, we loved Alaska and would still be there but for the treatment Sophie and we,
her parents, received from Sophie's special ed teacher, principal and Jerry Sjolander.


                                                    1                                   ROSTON 02278




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
We wish and your family much fun with your new bundle of joy! Maybe one of Trig's purposes is to
bring better education to exceptional kids in Alaska!



Maureen Nemec



P.S. Sophie was the poster child for the Alaska Chapter of the National Down Syndrome Congress'
Buddy Walk in '06.




alaskanemecs@aol.com




                                                 2                           ROSTON 02279




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
