Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent:                   Monday, April 21, 2008 4:52 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats


-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Monday, April 21, 2008 10:05 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Margaret Pfeiffer

address : 8341 Paine Road Anchorage AK 99516

345-9237



MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin,

     I wanted to congratulate you on the birth of your baby boy. I was so pleased to see your statement
in the paper of gratitude and reliance on God, because this is the perfect approach to enjoying the
roller coaster ups and downs of becoming a parent of a child with exceptionalities. The Amish have a
saying that special children are a gift from God - to teach us how to love. I remember reading a pro-
life article some time ago that you authored and I remember thinking how well you stated your
position. Now I admire what you wrote so much more because of your own commitment to welcome
this new life, your integrity in living what you believe. I am also a parent of a ten-year old, child who
experience challenges. He has taught me a great deal. Often the lessons seem to be counter -
intuitive. (Here comes another mom's unsolicited free advice.) I would like to pass along a few things
that have worked for us. Ask lots of questions and use what works. Your child will show you how to
help him learn. Keep your sense of humor. Take expert opinions with equal amounts of skepticism,
especially when they talk about a child's capacities and the things he will not be able to do. You are
the expert on our child and trust your intuitions. Notice and enjoy every single step of growth and
development. Each new ability means new skills may follow. Each is a gift that may open other doors,
and more opportunities. I have realized that I can support my son in many ways, but he will do things
when he is ready, not necessarily when peers do them, or when I want him to do them. Share growth
with others so they can feel the hope it represents and celebrate too. The Wahoo - high five
moments are great. My son has taught me to spend more time in the present, not looking back or too
far forward. Teaching my son sign language early was a tremendous blessing because he still lacks
the coordination to speak very many words, but can sign many of his ideas. Signing reduces
                                                       i
                                                                                     ROSTON 02280




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
frustration for every one and when words come they are a welcom!

e addition to a dialogue already underway. My son taught us how important physical movement is to
a baby; swinging, dancing, rocking, and spinning. Even if a child cannot move independently these
physical movements provided by others, will prepare him to move on his own in the future. For my
son (who experts said lacked a balance center, others labeled damaged, and intensive needs) the
movement of swinging and spinning, increased his neural interconnectivity and meant a boy never
expected to walk, now enjoys long hikes. I have learned that discernment is necessary in this
process, and that prayer is the most important thing. It helps me rely more fully on God's grace each
day. May God richly bless you, your family and your new baby.

Margaret Pfeiffer




mpfeiffer@aftalascom.net




                                                  2                             ROSTON 02281




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
