Unknown
From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                   Monday, April 21, 2008 4:53 PM
To:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                FW: Congrats




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Monday, April 21, 2008 10:49 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Ms. Dianne DeVito

address : 406 Spotted Tavern Road Fredericksburg VA 22406




MESSAGE:

 Congratulations on the birth of your baby boy, Trig! Our warmest wishes to you and your whole
family as you welcome and get to know this newest little bundle of joy! My husband and I recently
moved from Alaska to Virginia, but we remember Alaska fondly. There have been rumors in the
 news that your son was born with Down Syndrome. We have a three year old daughter with DS, also
born in AK :) I commend you on your decision to have your child. Love him as you do all your other
children. He is a BLESSING! And a child first, and child with special needs second. I have learned
more from my daughter in three years, than I ever did before. Expect him to shine - he will. The
thing I have found most helpful with my daughter Ellie is signing (and patience of course - lots of it). I
would encourage you to check out Signing Time (www.signingtime.com) it is a wonderful way to
teach sign language. We started ST with Ellie when she was 2, and she has picked up over 100
signs and althoug h her speech is severely delayed - she can communicate very well and she has
shown us that she is far smarter than we ever would have known otherwise. I would have started ST
earlier if I knew. Our whole family can sign basic signs with her, and she loves it. She still tries to
talk, but since her words aren't clear we all use the signing to understand her.



Congratulations again! There is a very warm and welcoming group of families with DS in Alaska. I'm
sure you will be hearing from them. Our best wishes to you and your family.

                                                     1                               ROSTON 02282




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Sincerely,

Dianne DeVito

former Eagle River, Alaska resident



dianne@stargazersfield.com




                                      z                  ROSTON 02283




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
