Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 8:45 AM
           To:                      bsosa@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Health-Care


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

           Sent : Monday, March 10,     2008 9:55 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Health-Care



           Web mail from: Ms. Bonny Sosa-Young

           address :   2211 Lincoln Avenue Anchorage AK 99517

            907-243-2243




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,

           Governor Palin has made a challenge...

           This is exciting! Since the state of Alaska has decided to not accept our offer. to join
           forces with AKAHPERD I can only figure that the state wants to take on the responsibility
           of getting Alaskans moving on it's own and with state dollars, so is this a good time to
           discontinue the Healthy Futures initiative? We have a 10 year commitment from
           ConocoPhillips for funding, but it does not make sense in a state of 600,000 + people to
           be taking CP's money if the state has built it in their budget and they do not want to
           partner, but would rather compete with other statewide grassroots programs. Best wishes
           and thanks for taking on the challenge! I am sure ConocoPhillips will be happy to hear
           that the state feels that it is their job improve physical activity and they want to do it
           on their own with their own dollars. It's great to find out we have the dollars in the
           state budget to fund these important issues, keep up the great work!



          Bonny Sosa-Young

          Volunteer

           "Get Active"-ist

          ConocoPhillips Healthy Futures
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013274
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           an initiative of the Alaska Association for Health, Physical Education, Recreation & Dance

           907-830-1204

           www.healthyfuturesAK.org




           bsosa@gci.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0013275
