  Unknown
   From :     Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
   Sent:      Tuesday, April 22, 2008 9:24 AM
   To:        Sarah Palin
   Cc:        'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
   Subject : FW: Congrats/DPS Issue
  Governor and Todd - This is a congratulations but also an issue that we are having DPS check into. I
  will keep you abreast of the findings. Janice



  From : Jeff King [mailto:jeffk@mtaonline.net]
  Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 3:45 PM
  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
  Subject : Re: Fish_and_Game

           Honorable Governor (and new mother!) Sarah Palin,


            Congratulations on the arrival of your son! I read the wonderful announcement just
           moments after I sent this message the first time. And as is usual with me, I move
            kind of fast, and I admit this letter was First written for the honorable Lisa
           Murkowski. While re-reading it as sent to you, I see I am the second musher to call
           you "Lisa". Anyway, please accept my apology, I most certainly do know the
           difference between the two of you. I am proud to say that you got my vote. All
           joking aside, please consider my request stated below.



  Iditarod Champion,
           Jeff King




  -----Original Message-----
  From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail(a,gov.state.ak.us]
  Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 1:37 PM
  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
  Subject: Fish-and-Game

  Web mail from: Mr. Jeff King
  address: PO Box 48 Denali AK 99755
   907 388 2797

  MESSAGE:
  Governor Palin,

  Wishing you all the best with this exciting and busy time of your life!

                                                                                           ROSTON 02284

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  And Thank You for the kudos you sent me after this years Iditarod.

  Lady Luck has not been in my corner this year. The second place finish
  in the Iditarod after an unscheduled nap, as well as being passed in the
  last 20 miles of the All Alaska Sweepstakes race to finish a
  frustratingly close 9 minutes behind Mitch Seavey for the $100K winner
  take all purse! What the heck, it's just a dog race.
  No doubt you are following Alaska news and may well be aware that I have
  recently charged with a federal crime of taking a moose inside Denali
  National Park & Preserve. The case strikes me as crazy on many
  accounts, which is why I'm writing you. I can only imagine how busy you
  are, but I hope you will take the time to consider the following bullet
  points. Please be assured that the following is limited to items I feel
  I can easily document.

    1. Cali and I were hunting an area North of the preserve that we have
   hunted for many years . 4-Wheeler ATV trails are obvious , and many
   hunters use the area.
   2. 1 was served with a search warrant by a NPS Ranger at my home after
   we returned from our successful hunting trip . I fully cooperated and I
   was astonished they suspected the moose had been taken over the boundary
   of the preserve . It was at this time I was made aware by the same ranger
   that a Helicopter had been used for surveillance over my home of 30 year
   for some kind of reconnaissance . I was also notified at this time that a
   DNA crime lab in Oregon would be used to match a gut pile in the willows
   with the meat in my freezer . During this interview I openly agreed from
   their description of the location of the kill site, that it may well
   have been and likely was the moose we had shot.
   3. I have since learned that a helicopter was used to find that gut pile
   and a Global Positioning Device was necessary to document the preserve
  boundary.
  4. After years of hunting I know of only two physical national preserve
  markers within 10 miles this popular hunting area, and I believe they
  date back to the park expansion itself. The moose kill in question was
  over a half mile from the only marker I know of within miles.
  5. When I asked the investigating officers how far they thought this
  moose was over the invisible boundary , the responded "about 600 feet."
  (I'm guessing they rounded up, and I 'm in the process of trying to prove
  it.)
  6. The area I am accused of illegally taking a moose and using an ATV is
  open to moose hunting with ATVs to qualified subsistence users. I know
  some of the qualified users who are retired NPS employees and in one
  case I can document they have handed down these hunting privileges to
  their grandchildren. If one happens to be a landowner in Cantwell, 20
  miles south of my home of 30 years those residents can hunt legally in
  the Preserve, and I believe no long-term residency is required. (I am
  quite confident a recent addition to Cantwell moving from Missouri was
  legally hunting in the Preserve last fall.)
  7. Just yesterday Denali Spokesperson Kris Fitser announced on APRN that
  they were going to begin marking the Preserve Boundary with large
  florescent markers and referenced my infraction as stimulus . However I

                                                                               ROSTON 02285
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  continue to face federal charges for this incident, after having never
  faced more than a speeding ticket in my life.
  8. Park Service will not tell my lawyer and I how far they think my
  moose was over the boundary, just the previous reference to "about 600
  feet."
  9. In the recent publication of my book, "Cold Hand Warm Heart," I
  dedicated a couple of chapters to the years I spent trapping and hunting
  during the late 70s in area that has since become Preserve. I have now
  been charged with crossing the boundary in this area by a distance
  clearly being measured in feet. (So small a distance they won't even
  tell me!)
  10. I have also been notified by my attorney (Myron Angstman of Bethel)
  that we will not qualify for a jury trial. What's with that?

  Sarah, just moments ago I received MORE sympathy cards from those who are
  appalled by these charges. I just opened a card from Leroy and Vicki
  Lausen who operate the garbage disposal system for our community; they
  say, "When we think of you Jeff, we think of a man of honesty and
  integrity, this card is not meant to be trite. In difficult times, the
  character of a man comes out."

  Helicopters? Global Positioning Devices to find the boundary? DNA
  testing? Personal property surveillance of the fire chief and his family
  of 30 years? NPS deciding to mark the boundary and claiming it is
  brought to their attention by my charges, but not dropping the charges?

 It is hard to be anything but disillusioned and disgusted by what to me
 is a gross misuse of power and assets on the part of the Park Service
 when they still need porta-potties at Polychrome. This concern pales in
 comparison to the personal insult to my integrity.

 Please spend a few moments to familiarize yourself to this situation and
 if you agree with me I would appreciate your public support.

 Sincerely, Jeff King

 PS. An interesting perspective from the News Miner:

 E-mail scarbrgh(,ptialaska.net

 Opinion Editorial April 18, 2008

 Fairbanks Daily News Miner

 Community Perspective

 Front page news on April, 11 was Jeff King killing a moose inside of
 Denali National Park. It appears this moose was taken in accordance
 with Alaska Department of F&G regulations. However, the National Park
 Service (NPS) did not like the location of where it was taken. It
 appears the moose was harvested in the northeastern portion of the Park

                                                                              ROSTON 02286
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  as expanded by the D2 Lands act of 1980 (ANILA). Section 202(3)(a)
  allows local residents to subsistence hunt where this use was
  traditional, all in accordance with title VIII. Here in lies the
  problem. Who is a local resident and who is a qualified subsistence
  user?

  Decisions by the Alaska Supreme Court have found that all Alaskan
  Residents qualify for subsistence. The NPS does not recognize this and
  selects only rural individuals with a certain address, therefore setting
  up a discriminatory allocation system. Jeff does not have an acceptable
  address. You must live south of MP 239 or north of MP 300 on Parks
  Highway to have a acceptable address. No other state has such a
  discriminatory management system.

  Hunting in the Rock Creek area has been a traditional use long before
  Statehood and ANILA.

  It appears what we have here is a criminal trespass issue, not a hunting
  violation. Had Jeff s address been acceptable to the NPS none of this
  would be a problem.

  Here is how it works. The fish and wildlife in ALL of Alaska, in
  accordance with the Alaska State Constitution , belongs to the residents
  of Alaska collectively . This includes all NPS lands. Because all
  residents of Alaska are subsistence users, they have an equal
  opportunity under State Law to subsistence hunt and fish . This has
  been confirmed by the Alaska Supreme Court.

  The Federal Government does not agree with the Alaska Supreme Court and
  have set up their own set of rules using Title VIII and Federal Court
  decrees. The Fed's then select by address the group they determine are
  qualified rural Federal subsistence users. Jeff fails to qualify.

  In addition the Fed's then proceeded to set up their own Fish and Game
  Board (Federal Subsistence Board) to allocate fish and wildlife (which
  they do not own) to this select group based on address.

  Since 1980 no Governor has had the fortitude to challenge the
  constitutionality of this thievery or the discriminatory allocation
  system set up by the Federal Government. Gov. Knowles had a chance and
  he refused to carry the Constitutional challenge forward.

 This Jeff King issue could be resolved rather quickly if Gov. Palin
 would challenge the constitutionality of the Federal subsistence system.
 The Court of first jurisdiction is the U. S. Supreme Court. The Court
 would have to hear the case.

 We will have to wait and see if Gov. Palin is true to her word and
 really believes in Article 1 - Declaration of Rights, Section 1.
 Inherent Rights of the Alaska Constitution where in it states "The
 constitution is dedicated to the principles that all persons have a
                                                                             ROSTON 02287

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  natural right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, and the
  enjoyment of the rewards of their own industry; that all persons are
  equal and entitled to equal rights, opportunities, and protection under
  the law; and that all persons have corresponding obligations to the
  people and the State".

   The other route is for Jeff, as his defense, is to challenge the
  constitutionality of the NPS actions. This may take 20 years and
  hundreds of thousands of dollars. A study of past Federal cases would
  indicate Jeff will lose all the way through the 9th Circuit Court. It
  would then be subject to possible selection by the U.S. Supreme Court.
  The State could ask to be allowed to join the case on behalf of Jeff.
  To date the State has not taken this action to support others who have
  challenged the Fed's.


  Thomas N. Scarborough is a 40 year Alaskan and a civil engineer and land
  surveyor. He is an active advocate for managing Alaska's wildlife for
  abundance and in accordance with the sustained yield principle set forth
  in the Constitution.



  j effk a mtaonline.net




                                                                             ROSTON 02288

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
