Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 6:49 PM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: Press release


            If Frank's good to go on this, then we're good to go. Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 11 Mar 2008 17:39:26

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)" <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Press release




            Governor-

            With your approval, this will likely go out around 9:30 tomorrow morning . Thanks



            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                 No.
            08-034

            Governor Appoints Three to Board of Fisheries



            March 11, 2007, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced her recommendations
            to the legislature for three vacancies on the Alaska Board of Fisheries. Governor Palin
            is recommending the reappointment of John Jensen, of Petersburg, and Mel Morris, of
            Kodiak, and the appointment of William Brown, of Juneau, to the board.

            "I am pleased to advance the names of these three fine individuals to the legislature for
            confirmation," said Governor Palin. "They will bring unique knowledge, expertise and
            balance to the process, and I am delighted that they are willing to serve on this
            important board."

           Jensen is a lifelong resident of Petersburg and a third-generation commercial fisherman
           who has participated in fisheries since 1965. He has owned and operated many different
           commercial fishing vessels and has participated in fisheries in Southeast Alaska, Prince
           William Sound, Cook Inlet, the Gulf of Alaska, the Alaska Peninsula, Bristol Bay, the
           Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands, and Western Alaska. Jensen currently serves as vice-
           chair of the board and is completing his second three-year term.

           Morris has been an Alaska resident for more than 50 years and currently resides in Kodiak.
             His background includes experience as a fisheries biologist for the Alaska Department of
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013296
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Fish and Game, service in the U.S. Army and management of several fish processing
            companies.  He currently operates M&M Marketing.   Morris currently serves as chair of the
            board and is completing his second three-year term.

            Brown is a lifelong angler who has traveled extensively to experience new fishing
            opportunities.   He received a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Colorado and spent
            many years as a professor of economics, most recently at the University of Alaska
            Southeast.   Brown owns and operates a reel repair business.

            The seven members of the Alaska Board of Fisheries are appointed by the Governor to
            conserve and develop the fishery resources of the state. The board sets seasons, bag
            limits, methods and means for the state's subsistence, commercial, sport, guided sport and
            personal-use fisheries, and it sets policy and direction for the management of the state's
            fishery resources.  The board is charged with making allocative. decisions, while the
            Department of Fish and Game is responsible for management based on those decisions. All
            appointees are subject to legislative confirmation.




            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director




            (907) 269-7450 Anchorage

            (907) 465-4031 Juneau

            (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0013297
