Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 3:05 PM
             To:                      vicary@alaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 9:12 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Mr . Mr. Clyde Vicary

             address :   3027 Alder Cir Anchorage AK 99508




             MESSAGE:

             As an Alaskan who is concerned about my state's wildlife, I am writing

             to express my surprise and disappointment with your plans for a

             state-funded campaign to promote the aerial gunning of wolves and

             other predators.




             Earlier this summer, you signed off on legislation that set aside

             $400,000 for a "major public relations effort" to support

             the state's brutal, unfair and unnecessary aerial gunning program. I

             am strongly opposed to using state funds for this purpose -- funds

             which could be used for more effective wildlife conservation efforts.



             As Alaskans get ready to head to the polls next year to vote on the

             important issue of whether to restrict the aerial gunning of wolves
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013304
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             and other predators, this effort seems like a state-funded political

             campaign.



             The Alaska Daily News summed it up best in their August 28, 2007

             editorial: "Timed to coincide with a 2008 ballot initiative to

             sharply restrict aerial wolf control ,   this looks like Fish and Game is

             getting marching orders to use state funds to influence an

             election."



             Early in your term, you pledged to abide by the "will of the

             people " -- and the people have spoken on the issue of aerial

             gunning . Twice before, Alaskans have voted to restrict the barbaric

             and unnecessary practice . Yet you and your administration continue to

             take steps to expand the deadly aerial gunning program , offering

             bounties for severed wolf legs , proposing to use helicopters as well

             as fixed - wing aircraft and introducing legislation to make it far

             easier to kill wolves and bears.



             Please , Governor Palin , do not listen only to the Alaska Outdoor

             Council and other extreme hunting organizations which do not represent

             mainstream hunters who support fair - chase and do not believe in the

             need for predator control in order to have healthy game populations.



             The $400 , 000 campaign that you approved smells like state-funded

             electioneering to influence Alaskan voter opinion on an issue we have

             repeatedly rejected . I hope you will reconsider this flagrant misuse

             of Alaska ' s public dollars.




            vicary@alaska.net




                                                            2
