Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 6:46 PM
            To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Cc:                      Ivy personal
            Subject :                Re: Conversation

            Follow Up Flag :         Follow up
            Flag Status:             Red


            Unflippinbelievable. I'm sorry u got dragged into this - our third floor is baffled by
            lyda's continued "misinterpretations" of most everything. Amazing.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>




            Date :   Tue, 11 Mar 2008 18:03:57

            To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:ivyfrye@yahoo.com

            Subject :   Re: Conversation




            Lyda called me and said she never said what was quoted. I suggested that it be corrected
            and she said it won't do any good - because the media doesn't care about the truth. I also
            told her that the only thing accurate is that I was with you at the Miners. I told her
            that you did not make any promises ; I was there . I told Lyda that I've had conversations
            with Denise and she agrees with me - the Governor DID NOT make any promises. She said
            that's contrary to what Denise has told her and she'll follow-up with her. I reminded Lyda
            that I was there, I should know and someone needs to get their facts straight.



             AlsoI thought Denise said she talked w/Bill. Don't think she has yet. She talked with
            Mark . I'll follow- up again w/her.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From : Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             To: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc: ivyfrye@yahoo.com <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>

             Sent : Tue Mar 11 16: 02:18 2008

             Subject: Conversation


                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I spoke to Denise again and she called Bill McAllister and she also spoke w/Ginger in
            Green's office.  I called Ginger as well and told her that I don't appreciate Senator
            Green's quote in Bill McAllister's blog. It is not true and I want a correction. She said
            that she hasn't read it; she doesn't read blogs. And, I said you might want to read this
            one considering it is Channel 2 News . I read the paragraph to her about the no veto
            pledge. She went on to say that they never said anything about no veto pledges but that
            the Governor said she would revisit the project. But then later said she hasn 't had an
            opportunity to talk to the Senator since the meeting this morning.    I told her to read
            the statement, it is a quote from Senator Green and I don't appreciate having our names
            tied to lies. She told me she would talk to the Senator and call me back.




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0013299
