Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 11, 2008 12:59 PM
            To:                      'Sarah Palin'
            Cc:                      'Ivy personal'
            Subject:                 FW: Follow-up to yesterday's conversation

            Importance:              High


            Email sent to Denise .    I'll hopefully be talking to her soon.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Sent: Tuesday, March 11, 2008      12:58 PM

            To: 'gmminers@gci.net'

            Subject: Follow-up to yesterday's conversation

            Importance: High




            Hi Denise,



            It was good talking with you yesterday.



            I left you a message earlier today to apprise you of a situation that occurred this
            morning. Senator Green, in a meeting with the Governor, said that the Governor publicly
            declared financial support for the Miners when she and I attended Governor's day at the
            park last summer. Senator Green further stated that the Governor "committed to these
            funding projects" and specifically, "would use her personal discretionary funds" to cover
            the cost of the renovations at Hermon Brothers Field. Further, Senator Green said that you
            are writing her a letter confirming Governor Palin's financial commitment to these
            projects, and that you will reference a conversation from the ballpark in which the
            Governor committed a state appropriation to the Hermon Brothers renovations.



            I am concerned by Senator Green's comments as they are contrary to the conversation you
            and I had yesterday when you acknowledged the Governor made no promises other than to
            revisit it in the future. It is unfortunate that these events are unfolding and that
            Senator Green and her staff are trying to insinuate - as relayed by Ginger's phone call to
            you - that the Governor doesn't remember you or support the Miners. The Governor
            certainly does and she enjoyed her time at the park throwing out the pitch, talking to the
            sport announcers, and receiving the Miners' t-shirt.  As the Governor relayed to you (and
            I reiterated yesterday), she appreciates all that you and Pete do, and your commitment to
            the community.



            I would like to further discuss this with you when you have an opportunity. You can reach
                                                        1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013310
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            me at 351-2880.



            Thanks Denise.



            Kris




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013311
