Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Wednesday, March 12, 2008 2:33 PM
              To:                      K Perry Yahoo; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Bob Lester


              Don't want to take this too far. Kinda wish I hadnt had to tell anyone, but crazy to think
              it could have been hidden long. No- no Egan, and I'm not going to assume this will be as
              smooth and easy as the other kids' births, so can't imagine inviting in a rock radio
              microphone.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Kris Perry <krisandclark@yahoo.com>



              Date: Wed, 12 Mar 2008 15:25:58

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Sharon Leighow <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

              Subject: Re: Bob Lester




              I spoke w/Bob.  He agrees on the donation and thinks it's great. He brought up the
              possibility of doing it after the baby is born so the baby would be present as well. He's
              envisioning ALOT of people, i.e. Egan Center and I'm not too sure about that idea.



              We'll work out details once timeframe is determined.



              He also asked again about the live audio recording of the birth and what you thought. A
              private moment?




             gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: I would be interested in such a thing in Juneau - perhaps a
             different group of recipients for this area? Maybe to benefit the local Crisis Pregnancy
             Center?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



              -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"




             Date: Mon, 10 Mar 2008 20:07:19

                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013331
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To:krisandclark@yahoo.com, gov. sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject : Re: Bob Lester




              Governor-

              I have been asked about a baby shower in Juneau . I have already received offers to host
              it.  Please let me know if you would be interested in a similair event.



              I too think the idea of helping young Army wives is fantastic.



              ----- Original message -----

              From : Kris Perry

              To: ExternalEmailgsp

              Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Sent :   Mon Mar 10 19:53: 44 2008

              Subject :    Re: Bob Lester




              Yes, I 'll give him a call initially and then have someone work with him on details.                Love
              the idea about the young army wives.



              gov.sarah@yahoo . com wrote:



                      Wants KWHL to throw me a baby shower . I say "yes" , if the gifts can go to these
              young Army wives who don't have much , they're far from their families , the dads aren't
              there for the newborns first months , etc. And now Ft. Wainwright ' s aviation unit was
              notified of a four month extension on deployments . Would u assign someone to work with Bob
              on that angle ? Thanks

                          Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One




             Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search. >




                                                                2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0013332
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Do You Yahoo!?

              Tired of spam ? Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around

              http:// mail.yahoo.com




                                                            3
