Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown

                  From :   Sarah Palin [gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, March 12, 2008 2:47 PM
                  To:      Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV)
                  Cc:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject: RE: Letters
                  Thanks Michelle, just trying to figure out how to handle all the ones that come to me or my
                  family personally, and at our Wasilla home... we're still trying to figure out a better system
                  because it's overwhelming at times trying to keep up with messages I need to send. thanks

                  "Fabrello, Michelle A (GOP) " <mlchelle.fabrello@alaska.gov> wrote:

                   I apologize, I haven't updated the TY list since January. I will put it
                   on my calendar to update every two weeks. CR looks for noteworthy
                   congrats and acknowledgements as well as condolences. These haven't
                   been on the list with the TYs, so please let me know if you would like
                   to receive a list for these as well.

                   We do sometimes receive information via the Governor's webmail account
                   about people passing away and I believe they receive the standard "thank
                   you for your email message," but we do send letters of condolence to the
                   family. Please let me know if you would like this to be handled
                   differently.

                   -----Original Message-----
                   From : Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                   Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 8:44 AM
                   To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
                   Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Fabrello, Michelle A (GOV)
                   Subject : RE: Letters

                   I am forwarding this to Michelle in CR so that she can reply regarding
                   the process of each regional office. Thanks, Janice

                   -----Original Message-----
                   From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                   Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 8:24 AM
                   To: ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
                   Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)
                   Subject : Re: Letters

                   Yes, in Anchorage we look for noteworthy congrats, thank-you's, and
                   condolences and send letters accordingly. They go through the proofing
                   process in Jnu so should be available on a report via Michelle. Janice
                   can get this as I believe it has been previously provided.

                   ----- Original Message -----
                   From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)


                  10/23/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013325
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                   Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                   Sent: Mon Mar 10 04:40:32 2008
                   Subject: Letters

                   Do we know if someone' s keeping up with thank you letters and
                   acknowlegements? I haven't seen any lists for, it seems like, months. Is
                   there a better way for me to know what constituent relations work is
                   being done - like acknowledgement of citizens excelling at something,
                   citizens taking the time to write letters to the editor, etc? I'm still
                   trying to clip newsworthy items , incl letters, to send to whomever has
                   time to acknowledge tham - but I know I'm not keeping up and I never
                   know if anyone' s followed up with the citizen . In Anchorage I ask Tara
                   and Colleen to help me with some of it , can the new gal in the Juneau
                   Comm office also take this on? Pls task her with that if it helps me
                   keep up with constituent work. Thanks
                   Also, with so many emails that we get re: citizens who are ill and their
                   friends or families pass on the news, I hope they're not just getting
                   that general reply re : " Due to the volume of mail we received, the gov
                   can't respond to everyone..." I hope they' re getting something more
                   personal/thoughtful in reply . Is there any progress there?
                   Sent from my BlackBeny(r)device from Cellular One




                  10/23/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0013326
