Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                  Spencer, Kari L (GOV) (kari. spencer@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:58 AM
               To:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Savland; Monica L (GOV)
               Subject:                RE: Land-use


               I'm forwarding this onto C.Crome and Monica Savland. This is ADF&G, not OMB. Kari.



               -----original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 8:19 AM

              To: sacmatthews@acsalaska.net

              Subject: RE: Land use



              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, March 12,       2008 9:06 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Land use



              Web mail from: Sandra Matthews

              address: P.O. Box 265 Ka AK 99610




              MESSAGE:

              Re: Lower Kasilof Boat Launch, FY 2009 Governors Capital Budget Appropriation. Dept. of
              Fish and Game Reference no. 44823




              Governor Palin, The Fish and Game has proposed the State of Alaska buy the 6.5 acre
              Trujillo property on the lower Kasilof River that is currently being used as a fish
              cannery and non-motorized boat haul out. They want the property for a power boat launch to
              provide access to the lower river for power boats for more sportfishing opportunities. The
                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013344
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              river already experiences overcrowding and erosion with just the drift boat, bank fishing,
              and personal use fisheries.  Adding dozens or even hundreds of power boats to the
              congestion on the Kasilof will greatly add to these problems.




              sacmatthews@acsalaska.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0013345
