Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    Spencer, Karl L (GOV) (kari. spencer@alaska.govJ
              Sent:                    Wednesday, March 12,2008 10:54 AM
              To:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Savland; Monica L (GOV)
              Subject:                 RE: Budget

              I am forwarding this email to Cora Crome and Monica Savland because it is a ADF&G issue,
              not OMB.  Thanks. Kari.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:22 AM

             To: lspepi@netscape.net

              Subject: RE: Budget



             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent :   Wednesday, March 12, 2008 11:07 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Ms. Laurinda Pepi

             address: Po Box 316 Kasilof AK 99610

               907-262-1788




             MESSAGE:



             Governor Palin,



             I would like to express my opposition to the department of Fish and Game project: Lower
             Kasilof river boat launch site investigations, RFP# 78554-1.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0013346
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I live in the residential subdivision between that parcel and the state highway, and my
             family would be severely affected by this decision. Our roads are over 30 years old and
             were never designed to handle that much traffic, and still provide safety and
             accessibility for our homeowners, and children playing outside. We have 35 long
             established homes here, and we would all be upset to see the quality of our summer lives
             diminished.



             I must also object to the idea of motorized boats accessing the Kasilof river without
             knowing what detriment they may cause. Presently, our neighboring Kenai river is
             addressing water quality issues of pollution, as well as noise and erosion issues from the
             use of motor boats there over the years. At this time, the Kasilof river is primarily a
             drift boat only fishery. Should we not know the impact this may have on a much smaller
             river before damage is done here as well?



              I thank you for your time, and urge you to veto this project.

             Our neighbors will be sending a package of letters and signatures with their opposition as
             well.



             Laurinda Pepi



             lspepi@netscape.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0013347
