Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, March 12, 2008 12:02 PM
              To:                      ralphnss@alaska.net
              Subject:                 RE: Transportation


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 12:56 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Transportation



             Web mail from: Mr. Ralph Sterling

             address: P.O. Box 4015 Soldotna AK 99669

               907-262-3506




             MESSAGE:

             Hello Governor Palin.



              I am an Alaska Millwright from local 1501 and have spent the last two days trying to get
             a TWIC TSA card. The tsa number does not give any addresses or phone numbers for Alaska
             and I have been told they do not know when this state will receive the forms. as you know
             our local workers will be displaced by out of state workers who have this card if it is
             not available in this state. I cannot understand why we are yet getting another tax, fee
             to be able to work in America, our tax dollars support the government and then they
             require another fee to have the necessary papers to work. If your office can be of any
             help it would be greatly appreciated.



             We Alaskans need to be able to get the proper permits to be able to work in own state and
             we do not need more government fees that are required for us to work.



             As of today I am unable to find any Local enrollment office in the State of Alaska. I have
             copied some information from the TSA website for your connivance see below.

             Thanks in advance

                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013338
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Ralph Sterling



               Search Criteria




                      Starting Address : 407 Denali St Ste 101 , Anchorage , AK 99501-2646



                      Search Radius:           Mile(s)



              To view the Search Results ,         scroll below.




              Search Results

              To Schedule an Appointment , click any SITE NAME below . For Driving Directions , select an
              ADDRESS link. You can either expand or reduce the number of Enrollment Center Locations by
              changing the Search Criterion above.




              Site

                     Site Name

              (click to schedule an appointment)         Address

              (click for direction)       Distance

              (in miles)

              No Enrollment Center Found.



                I repeat No Enrollment Center Found for TSA in Alaska




             http://www.tsa.gov/assets/pdf/Approved_TWIC_Enrollment_Center_list.pdf




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013339
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ralphnss@alaska.net




                                                          3
