Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:25 AM
             To:                      isaja4@uaa . alaska.edu
             Subject:                 RE: Environment


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:28 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Environment



             Web mail from: Ms. Amy Alford

             address :   P.O. Box 1894 Kenai AK 99611

              907-953-0167




             MESSAGE:

             Hello from Kenai! I am an Alaska resident and I just wanted to let you know that I voted.
             for you last year, and I am glad you are our governor. I am writing , however, because I am
             against the policies which allow the shooting of wolves & bears from planes, and I am
             against the legislation which would diminish the public's ablility to decide these issues
             at the polls. I like to hunt and fish, but I think we need to do it carefully and
             respectfully. I would love to see Alaska have a strong position on environmental and
             wildlife conservation , I think our state should demonstrate wisdom and be a leader in this
             area . I just wanted to share my concerns about this. Thanks for all the work you do for us
             here, and congratulations on your new baby-on-the-way.



             isaja4@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013348
