Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, March 12, 2008 3:19 PM
              To:                      Savland; Monica L (GOV)
              Cc:                      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV); Good; Jacob D (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Fish-and-Game




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 11:36 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



             Web mail from :     Laura Muller

             address :   1810 Vason Circle Anchorage AK 99515

               907.248.1788




             MESSAGE:

             Last night, I had the misfortune to be ahead of a presumed state employee while in line
             for security flying from Juneau to Anchorage.



             This man was quite chatty with his companion; he said that his job was to keep "things
             from coming across the governor's desk" and that he was down in Juneau interviewing for a
             job. The Department of Fisheries was mentioned, and the Federal Subsistence Board.



             Then he went on to describe how difficult it is to work with "those Native people" on the
             Federal Subsistence board and that they really ruined everything by throwing out "the
             Native card" all the time. He thought it was funny that 'they' though HE was depriving
             them of their "Native rights", and he and his companion had a good laugh about it. His
             comments were denigrating and clearly contemptous of the folks he works with. It is clear
             that this man has no intention of working cooperatively with anyone, and the fact that he
             had the arrogance to announce it in the Juneau airport has me quite angry.



             I understand both as an Alaskan Native and person familiar with the political process that
             having people in positions of power who agree with your position aren't always possible,
             but I would hope that even if folks disagree that they don't publicly denigrate their
             opponents in public places. I keep trying to figure out what is making me more angry- that
             he was pompous and arrogant enough to say those things in a line from Juneau to Anchorage,
             or that this person with *clearly* impaired judgment would be considered for a position
             that would further allow him to treat people disrespectfully.



                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013356
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Sincerely,

              Laura Muller




              jackandlaura@gci.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0013357
