Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From:    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, March 12, 2008 3:30 PM
                  To:      'Sarah Palin'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                  Cc:      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Recommendation Privileged or Person

                Just an FYI regarding a sign-on letter from Governor Crist. Privileged or Personal Material.
                                                                                              -

                Kris


                From: Larry Persily jmailto:lpersily@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 12:30 PM
                To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                Subject: Recommendation Privileged or Persona!




                Kris,

                Welcome back. I'm sorry I missed you when I was in Anchorage last month.

               Regarding the request below from Florida that Gov. Palin sign on in support of the
               Homeowners' Defense Act of 2007            hn and I have reviewed the bill and we recommend the
               Privileged or Personal Material Reda Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Larry




                Dear DC Reps,

               Please find attached a proposed sign-on letter regarding one of Governor Crist's highest federal priorities - the
               creation of a national catastrophic fund to make sure there is a federal backstop for large-scale natural disasters
               such as hurricane, earthquake, flood, wildfire or drought.

               Last year, the House of Representatives passed The Homeowner 's Defense Act of 2007, which created a
               national catastrophic fund. However, the Senate has yet to consider any legislative proposals on this issue.

               The attached letter. urges the Senate to consider legislative action that would allow states to band together with
               each other, the private sector and the federal government in order to more efficiently address the challenges and
               share the risks presented by major natural catastrophes.



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0013364
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                If you have any questions or to sign on , please contact myself or Cod Stevens in the state of Florida office. We
                are going to keep it open until Thursday , but will keep open longer if that is helpful.

                Best,
                Kerry

                Kerry Feehery, Director
                State of Florida - Washington Office
                (202)624-5438




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0013365
