Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From :      Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                 Sent:        Wednesday, March 12, 2008 8:19 AM
                 To:          'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: HB 307- KRPUA

               Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,
                    I pass on the attached email because it came to me from But Lively (of the Butte area - Mat-Su Valley) with
               an extended explanation that included a declaration that unless DNR changed its perspective an advertising
               campaign would begin urging people to contact the Governor directly . Motorized recreation in the Butte area has
               two sides. The Alaska Extreme Fourwheelers and others probably have a polar opposite view. I have no idea if
               Brit's campaign will generate a lot of response . However, I pass this on because it is better that you be aware of
               the issue in case it does become a bigger deal . She alleges DNR "ignored " the input of her group . I have no
               idea of what DNR considered or did not consider and I suspect there were a variety of parties providing input to
               DNR. Talis


               From : Butte Area Residents [mailto:resource@buttealaska.org]
               Sent: Monday, March 10, 2008 2:52 PM
               To: Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW)
               Subject: HB 307- KRPUA

               For Talis Colberg as per telephone conversation earlier today:

               Hello Talis,

               Thanks for having taken the time to listen to our woes.

               The Knik River Public Use Area Management Plan will determine the future of the community of Butte , its quality
               of life, its economic impact to Mat-Su and its opportunity to take advantage of the beauty and high value
               recreational opportunities . The plans that DNR has for us at this point will ensure that "da Butte" will never be able
               to live up to its potential. We have been bearing the brunt of those who come into and surround our community to
               create dust, noise, bury bodies , contaminate Bodenburg Creek and destroy its waterfowl and fish habitat.

              Butte Area Residents Civic Organization (BARCO), members and supporters , participated fully in the DNR
              process. Our priorities and our comments to proposed management alternatives , based on the consensus of our
              group , have largely been ignored by DNR. After detailed review of DNR 's interpretation of all our comments, we
              found that DNR did not do justice summarizing and interpreting those comments which did not agree with their
              proposals . While they acknowledge the importance of the natural resources , they are belied by their proposed
              management actions.

              Attached is an advertisement which we placed into Petroleum News last year following the notice that DNR wants
              to change the "Generally Allowed Rules On State Lands" to allow rutting , erosion and vehicles up to 10 , 000 lbs in
              Knik River Public Use Area to benefit motorized recreation . Industry has a strong incentive of big fines if they
              were to occur the damage which DNR wants to allow for recreational purposes here.

              Since DNR has ignored our comments , we now feel compelled to run a similar ad - more to the point - asking that
              respondents appeal to our Governor. Its not fair to allow rutting , erosion and 4x4s contaminating anadromous
              waterways to benefit and accommodate increased motorized recreation , while at the same time fining industry big
              bucks for like damage caused by industrial activities.

              Thank you for taking the time to listen to our concerns regarding DNR having ignored Butte residents ' opposition
              to a number of proposed management actions and regulation changes specifically for Knik River Public Use Area,
              from DNR Public Notice, October 12, 2007 - hitp:M w knikriver alaska g v/req changes /kni        n pdf - and


               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013368
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


               October 24, 2007:

               "This is a supplement to the public notice Issued on October 12, 2007 by the Department of Natural
               Resources (DNR) regarding Its proposal to adopt regulation changes in Title 11 of the Alaska
               Administrative Code (AAC), specifically 11 AAC 96. 10 dealing with the Uses Requiring a Permit 11 AAC
               96.14 dealing with the Special Use Lands, 11 AAC 96. 18 dealing with the Uses Requiring Registration, 11
               AAC 96.20 dealing with the Generally Allowed Uses and the proposal to adopt new regulations In Title 11,
               of the Alaska Administrative Code, specifically 11 AAC 96.015 dealing with the Designated public use
               areas. "

               DNR received overwhelming comments opposing rescinding rules as proposed in the initial Management
               Alternatives, " ... Specific to this unit, regulations will be developed rescinding, In part, restrictions on
               highway and off-road vehicle use that causes significant rutting or ground disturbance as described In
               I1AAC 96. 020 (a)(1)(D)(E). Additionally within this unit, conditions for highway and off-road vehicle use
               will be rescinded as described in 11 AAC 96. 025 (1)(2)(3)(A-C)1...-.

               Here is the link for The Draft Management Plan for Knik River Public Use Area:
               http://www.knikriver. alaska .gov/krmpprd/index.cfm

               Link to BARCO Priorities. Our priorities would allow a positive perception of Butte as people enter the community
               at the Knik River as well as mitigate the negative impact (dust, noise, boat motor exhausts, dangerous
               shooting, drunken parties, reckless traffic) to residents who live along and off the Old Glenn Highway, Knik River
               Road, Sullivan, and Caudill Roads. http://www.buttealaska. org!BARCOpriorities.htm

               Link to BARCO comments to the proposed alternatives by DNR:
               http:/Avww. buftealaska .org/BARCO KRPUA alternatives forweb pdf

               I wish the Administration could investigate the flawed process of how DNR -managed lands in the Knik River
               Valley were admittedly considered "sacrificial" (according to Bob Loeffler and Rick Thompson ) for many years and
               how this status is being perpetuated by the draft management plan for the Knik River Public Usea Area (HB 307)
               which accommodates Sen Huggins ' "sideboards" of HB 307 to manage the Knik River lands on behalf of the
               radical contingent of AOC and AOAA and the auto and ORV industry . (Campaign funding).

               Here is a brief background of residents ' futile efforts since the 1990s as individuals and/or with a previous
               Community Council, Valley Center for the Environment, Knik River Watershed Group, BARCO:

                    Cleanups of roads, trails and neighbor-to-neighbor actions.
                    Ask for help from DOT, DPS, F&G , DNR to stop the excesses and Knik River and Jim Creek
                    Work with Mat-Su Borough, public land owners and Eklutna Inc.. South Knik River Community Council to
                      create a Cooperative Management Plan resulting in a resolution to the Borough , which the Borough sent
                      on to Mr. Thompson of DNR. In spite of many efforts to contact Mr. Thompson and ask for signing off on
                      this, there was no response from DNR . In the meantime, the former Butte Council received a Grant from
                      USFWS for public education, partnering with Palmer Soil & Water Conservation District . Produced posters,
                      a video, screensavers and fliers, worked in cooperation with the Borough holding a poster and poetry
                      contest at Butte Elementary , designed, printed and distributed a brochure for ATV users , co-funded sign
                      posts and displays with Borough at Knik River, Pavilion , and Maude Rd trail heads , worked with AST and
                      MSB on process to dispose of burned and junked vehicles , worked with the first and subsequent National
                      Guard Cleanups and held public meetings to get us on a path to multi-use recreation . This resulted in the
                      formation of the Alaska ATV Club that proclaimed for ATV owners to band together to fight us "closing of
                      the trails and Jim Creek." We attempted to draw motorized into the group by ensuring a motorized
                      representative (Mr. Ken Barber) would represent these interests at the Trails Committee and invited the
                      motorized community to help with cleanups.
                    The mayhem and chaos in the area continued . Several of us kept documenting the damage , but also gave
                      up on trails and Knik River cleanups , discouraged by the non-involvement of DNR and their inability to
                      keep a handle on the mayhem , dumping of trash, burning of cars, shootings, parties and the non -chalance
                      exhibited by Alaska Fish & Wildlife Troopers that would not enforce the crossing permit regulations at
                      Bodenburg Creek.



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP0I_ 0013369
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


                    The Knik River Watershed Group was formed and arranged for a meeting with MSB, DNR, BLM, AST to
                      find a solution on how to get a plan going for the area that would be compatible with past plans, i.e. Susitna
                      Area Plan, the unique fish & wildlife habitat as well as demand for multi-use recreation, the MSB (John
                      Duffy) and DNR (Rick Thompson) agreed that it would be a good start to ask our legislators, Messrs.
                      Stoltze and Huggins, for an appropriation of $250,000 to DNR to start a public planning process. The
                      request went to our legislators - but no news were received regarding the appropriation to DNR.
                    Shortly before the end of the session, we received news that Messrs. Stoltze and Huggins had introduced
                      draft legislation for "Knik River Public Use Area For the Purpose of Motorized Recreation." This action
                      was a clear betrayal of the public's trust.
                    During the second year of the session, we were able to get the legislation changed to reflect the
                      importance of the natural resources and their protection and to include the enhancement of non-motorized
                      recreation. However, the proposed management actions which include buying up private properties to
                      allow motorized activity to encroach even more adjacent to residents, and rule changes that would allow
                      rutting and erosion, rather than mitigation of existing erosion, such as the dunes, and will allow dust and
                      noise from the river to creep into our homes and yards are unrealistic and inexcusable.
                    DNR has allowed the violation of its own and of federal rules for many years and this management plan will
                      not be able to undo the damage, but further it. For instance, DNR will continue to violate state and federal
                      laws, including the Clean Water Act and the Migratory Bird Act, and will allow airboats, other
                      powerboats and recreational rigs - big and small - to slice up the wetlands, intrude into waterfowl, moose
                      calving and fish habitat, and putting our water supply and its quality at risk.
                    On the positive side: Rep. Stoltze honored our request to introduce legislation to marke car burnings a
                      Class C Felony, HB 268. This legislation has passed the house and is going to Senate Judiciary on
                      Wednesday. Also, DOT, after years of neglect, has put up "No Motorized Signs" on the pathway from Knik
                      River to Palmer. This pathway was built in the 1980s by the Mat-Su Borough for the safety of pedestrians,
                      but has been abused until we were successful in getting the signs reinstated. The fine for offenders is $100
                      and AST's efforts have reduced the 200-300 fourwheelers and dirthikes racing on the bikepath every
                      weekend.
              We have photo and descriptive documentation of "recreation gone wild." Its a huge undertaking to catalog it so
              we can put it up on our website to show the world the kind of neglect the State of Alaska is allowing to happen
              to this beautiful area, at the headwaters of the northernmost outpost of the Pacific Ocean.

              Tails, this did get a bit longer than I had anticipated, but its not easy to give you only a brief run-down of the
              current state of affairs without delving into the long-time history. In the past, our group has contacted the
              Commissioners of DNR, Public Safety, DEC, Fish & Game. I'd be happy to share their replies with you.

              Thank you again . Please help us so that the area we call home will not be condemned to be perceived as
              substandard forever. There is too much economic loss at risk, both to Mat-Su and the State of Alaska.

              Sincerely,

              Brit Lively
              Co-Founder, Butte Area Residents Civic Organization
              www.buttealaska.ora




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013370
