Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 13, 2008 10:23 AM
            To:                      joplinjanl 3@yahoo.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

            Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 1:23 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Ms . Ms. Janice Weiler

            address :   311 Dailey Ave Unit 21 Anchorage AK 99515




            MESSAGE:

            We understand that you have been discussed as a possible choice for the Vice Presidency.




            As people who support the democratic process and care about protecting our wildlife for
            future generations, we want you to know that we don't believe people in our states would
            vote for you for any office if they knew your record on these issues.




            It is troubling that you are now working to deny more than 50,000 Alaskans a vote on
            aerial killing of wolves and bears with legislation now being considered in the Alaska
            legislature.




            it is deeply concerning that last year you proposed using helicopters and a $150 bounty to
            spur wolf killing in specified management zones -- despite strong scientific opposition to
            the state's aerial hunting program and the lack of reliable information on how many wolves
                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013390
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             actually exist in these areas.




             And it is baffling that you appointed your high school basketball coach - - a man with no
             relevant experience -- to the state ' s board of game , and have condoned a $400 , 000 state-
             funded propaganda campaign to convince Alaskans that wildlife biologists from around the
             world are wrong when they say that the state ' s shooting of wolves and bears from airplanes
             is scientifically unfounded.




             We sincerely hope that you will recognize the importance of respecting the democratic
             process and protecting Alaska's wildlife in the future . But until then, you will not have
             the support of those of us who care about the democratic process and protecting our
             natural treasures for future generations.



             joplinjanl3@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0013391
