Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Thursday, March 13, 2008 2:32 PM
             To:                     adamdyrud@gmail.com
             Subject:                RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 3:16 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from: Mr.-Adam Dyrud

            address: 6320 SW Lombard Ave Beaverton OR 97008

              503-933-6478




            MESSAGE:

            I would like to start by saying that I was born and raised in Anchorage, and am currently
            arranging my finances to move back to my homeland. I try to keep abreast of news and
            happenings in my home state, and saw something today that I wanted to comment on.




            I am writing this after seeing a recent article in the ADN regarding your views of
            earmarks conflicting with the views of Ted Stevens. I wholeheartedly agree with your
            statement "Alaska has got to be more self-sufficient. We've got to be given the
            opportunity to start producing more and contributing more , providing jobs for Alaskans,".



            I feel that we should not be dependent on govt. handouts, but depend only on our own hard
            work and smart money management to create opportunities for Alaskans.



            Please keep fighting the good fight, and know that people believe in you.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013385
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Adam Dyrud

            Alaskan currently residing in Oregon.



            adamdyrud@gmail.com




                                                          2
