Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From:     Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERGj
                 Sent:     Thursday, March 13 , 2008 1:31 PM
                 To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: FW: FW: Email to Gov. Palin


                 Dear Governor Palin, I just received this. I can't tell if you already got it or not. Myron Naneng is the
                 president of AVCP in the Kuskokwim Delta, a plaintiff in the federal Yupik language voting rights case against
                 the State of Alaska , a member of the VPSO task force and an outspoken advocate of enhanced tribal power
                 and authority. He will undoubtedly circulate this to most of Alaska 's Native leadership in a short time if he has
                 not already done so. Talis




                 From: Myron P. Naneng [mailto : mnaneng @avcp.org]
                 Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 1:18 PM
                 To: Coiberg, Talis J (LAW)
                 Subject: Fwd: FW: Email to Gov. Palin




                 --Original Message ----




                From: Laura@preeclampsia.org
                To: jackiemsr a^yahoo.com; sichartersCa^hotmail.com
                CC: Senator- Albert Kookesh @legis.state.ak.us; wandersonakoniag.com
                Subject : Email to Gov. Palm
                Date: Wed, 12 Mar 2008 11:00:44 -0800

                 Message
                FIL, and Uncle, I'm not quite sure who else to email about this nasty fellow I overheard in
                line last night. Apparently, he was chatting with the Commissioner of Fish and Game for the
                State.

                Who is working on subsistence that I might could forward this to? I'm afraid they'll sweep
                my email under the carpet and not do anything about it.

                laura
                -----Original Message-----
                From: Laura Muller (mailto:lauraC©^preeclampsia.org]


               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013404
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2



                Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:45 AM
                To: 'dfg.commissioner@alaska.gov'
                Subject: Email to Gov. Palin


                Mr. Lloyd.
                I came to email you this morning (as I've emailed the Governor's Office) about a distressing
                and offensive conversation I couldn't help but overhear in line last night as I waited for
                security coming from Juneau to Anchorage. I am sure you can imagine my surprise after
                seeing your picture that you're actually the recipient of this conversation, so you probably
                already know what I am about to say, but I thought that as a courtesy, I'd forward what I'd
                written to Gov. Palin's office and will email to some other folks I'm familiar with who have
                an interest in Native Subsistence rights.
                Sincerely,
                Laura Muller- Anchorage

                 Last night, I had the misfortune to be ahead of a presumed state employee while in line for
                 security flying from Juneau to Anchorage.
                This man was quite chatty with his companion; he said that his job was to keep "things from
                 coming across the governor's desk" and that he was down in Juneau interviewing for a job.
                The Department of Fisheries was mentioned, and the Federal Subsistence Board.
                Then he went on to describe how difficult it is to work with "those Native people" on the
                Federal Subsistence board and that they really ruined everything by throwing out "the
                Native card" all the time. He thought it was funny that 'they' though HE was depriving them
                of their "Native rights", and he and his companion had a good laugh about it. His comments
                were denigrating and clearly contemptous of the folks he works with. It is clear that this
                man has no intention of working cooperatively with anyone, and the fact that he had the
                arrogance to announce it in the Juneau airport has me quite angry.
                I understand both as an Alaskan Native and person familiar with the political process that
                having people in positions of power who agree with your position aren't always possible, but
                I would hope that even if folks disagree that they don't publicly denigrate their opponents in
                public places. I keep trying to figure out what is making me more angry- that he was
                pompous and arrogant enough to say those things in a line from Juneau to Anchorage, or
                that this person with *clearly* impaired judgment would be considered for a position that
                would further allow him to treat people disrespectfully.
                Sincerely,
                Laura Muller




                Shed those extra pounds with MSN and The Biggest Loser! Learn more.




              8/27/2009


                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0013405
