Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, March 13, 2008 8:27 AM
             To:                      Isbuch@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 7:24 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Les Buchholz

             address: 48450 Priairie AV Soldotna AK 99669




            MESSAGE:

            Stay on track with your veto ability. The projects of last year can be on an open bond
            election.



            Make their budget request very public, out in the open.

            And if very large, have the people of Alaska vote on it.

            The legislature and huff and puff, but the people are behind you and keep putting their
            issues out in open. They dont like public oversight and will feel it in the voting booths
            which you can mention on TV.



            Keep it honest, out in the open and straight talk. You have most Alaskans behind you in a
            big way!




            lsbuch@acsalaska.net
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013397
