Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  gov.sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Thursday, March 13, 2008 6:57 AM
             To:                     Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                     Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: Vetoes


             OK, then immediately after they take the vote, If I veto it will be publicly stated on the
             record that the veto is coming so we don't participate in any dramatic build up on "will
             she or won't she".

               They just don't understand that Alaskans will be agreeing with us that the supplemental
            is NOT the place for this, and folks are tired of these power struggle games . It can be a
            calm, diplomatic veto announcement, and ideally I'd have a few leggies standing with me as
            we announce our enthusiasm for working together on the '09 cap budget, where their
            discretionary funds can fund those life and death necessities like BERT'S BATTING CAGES.
            Sheeesh.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Thu, 13 Mar 2008 06:48:12

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesoalaska.gov>

            Cc:"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld®alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: Vetoes




            Once the bill is transmitted to us, you have 15 days to act (not including Sundays). We
            can't be sure when the legislature will get it to us, but it will likely be very soon
            after passage.




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov. sarah®yahoo.com>

             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

             Sent : Thu Mar 13 06:41: 29 2008

             Subject: Vetoes


                                                                   1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013400
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             How long from when Legislature adopts that supplemental w/the cap projects will I have to
            veto?



              My intention is IF we go the veto route , we veto immediately ( or at least state on the
            record the veto is immediately forthcoming , depending on proper/legal transmittal time of
            the budget up to my desk ). I'm not going to play a prolonged game of torture, we just do
            it and see if they ' ll override , and we all then get to concentrate on capital budget. Be
            ready for them to butcher our operating budget , but we're always up for smaller govt.
            Don't know how we deal with Sr Benefits , hopefully we can find the $ elsewhere until the
            , 09 budget is adopted.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013401
