Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                 From :    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                 Sent:     Thursday, March 13, 2008 6:01 AM
                 To:       Sharon Leighow; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:       Beth Leschper; Karen Rehfeld; Michael Tibbles; Kris Perry
                 Subject: Congressional Earmarks/Senator Stevens - CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGE


               I was disappointed to read Senator Stevens' comments about the position of the
               Palin administration on Congressional earmarks in today's ADN. I thought that we
               had addressed his concerns in our meeting with him a couple of weeks ago.

               Apparently, the State can't do anything right on this. If we respond to the
               consistent messages of the Congressional delegation and the Bush administration to
               reduce earmark requests, we are somehow making it more difficult for the delegation
               to obtain earmarks for Alaska. If we fail to heed these messages, including a State
               or local match, then we are ignoring the realities and making it more difficult for the
               delegation.

               When I drafted the Op-Ed piece you requested, I didn't know about Sean
               Cockerham's impending article. However, I do think that it addresses the points
               raised by the Senator.

               I presume it's still best to seek publication of the Op-Ed, but I wish we could put all
               of this behind us and the delegation. Senator Stevens is right about one thing; this
               constant conflict in the media hurts Alaska.

               Perhaps, this would be a good issue to take up with Senator Murkowski while she's
               in Juneau next week. What we are actually doing on earmarks simply has no
               relation to the public commentary.


               Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
               _jwkat2@alaskadc . org. Thank you .




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0013402
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page I of I



                Unknown

                 From:      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOWJ
                 Sent:      Thursday, March 13, 2008 12:24 PM
                 To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Katz; John W (GOV); Persily; Larry A (GOV)
                 Cc:        Leschper; Beth (GOV)
                 Subject : ADN passed on the Op Ed - FYI

               We will shop this to other publications.


               From: Zencey, Matt [mailto :MZencey@adn.com]
               Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 12:11 PM
               To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: RE: please use this one - two minor edits

               Sharon,
                I've taken another look at this , and I'm going to pass . I don't see a lot in there that adds to the coverage we've
               had of the earmark controversy (though it is a concise summary that covers multiple articles worth of information).

               My decision might be different if the governor were the author and she hadn't had one in the past 30 days, but ...
               not under John's name, and not within 2 weeks of her last one.

               Matt
                       ---Original Message----
                       From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [mailto:sharon.leighow@alaska.gov]
                       Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 10:11 AM
                       To: Zencey, Matt
                       Subject: Op Ed



                       Sharon Leighow
                       Deputy Press Secretary
                       Deputy Communications Director

                       (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
                       (907) 465 -4031 Juneau
                       (907) 240-7943 cell




                8/31/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013403
