Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 13, 2008 9:10 AM
            To:                      kendew@acsalaska.net
            Subject:                 RE: Seniors


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, March 12, 2008 7:45 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Seniors



            Web mail from: Kenneth Brewer

            address : 1701 Tamarack Street Fairbanks AK 99709

              (907)    452-2919



            MESSAGE:

            OOP's pushed the wrong button. According to the constitution sectionl3. Form of Bills.
            The purpose of the constitutional requirement that every bill be confined to one subject
            is to prevent the inclusion of incongruous and unrelated matters in the same bill in order
            to get support for it. I am sure that every city, town and village could stand to have
            more capital improvements.  In real life situations I would like to make some capital
            improvements in my personal life situation, unfortunately I see into the future and
            although the governments will not except an idea of a recession, I have news for everyone.
            It's here and it's going to get worse. With the cost of fuel I have to stop all my
            captial improvements and start saving for my next fuel bill. I suggest that are
            legislatures be advised to do the same with the states money. Kendew



            kendewoacsalaska.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0013394
