Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, March 14, 2008 8:55 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Friday, March 14, 2008 12:53 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Joaquin Alvarenga

            address : 1330 Autumn Ln Anchorage AX 99504




           MESSAGE:

           What woould be your agenda as vice - president with John McCain?

           I am just very curious about.




           I don't mean what Alaskans want, they'll never make it

           600,000 people against 300,000,000 people, It will never happen

           Opening ANWAR for example is treason if it is a pentagon reserve for jet fuel in case USA
           is in a war and foreign sources are sabotage; USA needs fuel to fight a war. You need to
           ask the pentagon how important to them is ANWAR as reserve.



           I am curious what does Sarah Palin wants for Alaska, I mean as Matsu-Valley resident, as
           ex major dreaming to do things for Wasilla and then as Governor finding out is not that
           easy and then many goals impossible. Then knowing that many Alaska dreams will never be
           realized not even if you became president of USA because congress and senate have to
           approve your ideas.



           I just trust in you as non corrupted that had a bad experience that in reality the
           political party is loaded with greedy individuals that don't care about "we the people";
           many in the CIA, FBI, NSA or DOD will not even care to die or go to jail for their greedy
           agendas. They think that "who dies with the most toys wins", or "is better to have a
           million than never had it" despites consequences after but they can say they had a million
           dollars and so on. Problem is that such phylosophy on the world of spies and mafias spread
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013426
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           all over many countries and so Russian or Mexican or Chinesse or Muslims counterparts
           spies or mafia members will think and act similarly.



           Alaska is not so corrupted and risky as other states on those terms, and are you sure you
           want to go to DC and deal with those kind of people? I mean billionaire criminals in a
           sense with their servants willing to die for their crumbs; or dictators from other
           countries with their slaves infiltrated or living in USA (Castro, Natzis, Chavez, Vatican
           mafia, etc)



           You have my vote if you say yes, but is ugly there...I mean they can literally kill you
           (or try a least) if you get in their way with your clean politics ideals. 1000 security
           guards can not stop a snipper bullet to your head or to one of your children or husband
           for example. A wrong decision can cost you more than a political career in DC; that is why
           I hate DC.



           You must be willing to die when aiming for the white house and kill innocent people used
           by your enemies in a cross fire ; or the millions counting on you will not have a defender
           leader . I mean you got to live to fight another day and you have to be trickier than your
           enemies ( meaning USA enemies when you hold the white house office ); so help you Jesus.



           Alberto



            asjaa33@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013427
