Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, March 14, 2008 1:19 PM
           To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
           Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject :                Re: Wesley Loy Interview request


           I fear they're going to bleed more out of us in "agreements", beyond the $40,000 in
           discretionary. That's generous enough and gives them more control than I believe the
           public is comfortable with, due to their recent spending habits. I don't wanr to go beyond
           that generous offer of $40mil.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 14 Mar 2008 12:50:36

           To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)"
           <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>

           Cc:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

           Subject: RE: Wesley Loy Interview request




           The Senate just passed the municipal assistance bill and they voted to concur with the
           PERS /TRS bill.  We currently have the education bill and the municipal assistance and the
           PERS /TRS bills are on their way.  All but a concurrence vote by the House, the Legislature
           has completed their work on the three legged stool.



           The House and Senate just started their press conference to discuss the three items. You
           will find it interesting that Harris started off by saying that they are only open to
           discuss and take questions on these three things. He said other issues (supplemental,
           vetoes, etc.) would need to be taken up at a different time. Lyman Hoffman is selling the
           passage of the three bills as a real cooperative effort between the House and Senate.



           The House's next action on the vetoed projects is still uncertain. I met with Harris
           again later yesterday and he said that he thinks a little more clarification regarding the
           approach on overall spending could be helpful. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Harris is working on putting numbers to our proposal. Karen and I are looking at that as
           well.  I asked Harris for a copy of his spreadsheets and he said they could probably get
           us something later today.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0013448
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            We will keep working on some numbers so we are prepared to discuss with legislators what
            overall level of spending is.acceptable. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Mike



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   gov.sarah@yahoo. com [mailto : gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent :   Friday,   March 14 ,   2008 12:32 PM

            To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject:    Fw: Wesley Loy Interview request



            Before I talk to him , is there anything new? I don't have any budget paperwork in front of
            me- but I do want to call Loy (Sharon - what ' s his #? ), so feel free to email any
            new/additional / reminder points we ' re trying to relay.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date : Fri, 14 Mar 2008 11:26:20

            To:gov. sarah®yahoo.com

            Subject : Wesley Loy Interview request




           Governor - I know this weekend is probably packed, but if you have 10 minutes, Wesley
           would love a call.




                                                                 2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013449
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: Loy, Wesley (mailto:wloy@adn.com)

              Sent: Friday,    March 14, 2008 10:44 AM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Subject: Interview request




             Hi Sharon:




             I'd like 10 minutes or so with Gov. Palin to talk about the state budget situation.




            I'm writing a story for our Sunday newspaper that will attempt to place in broad context
            the positions of the governor and the Legislature on budgeting this year, particuarly with
            respect to capital spending.




            I'd like to ask Gov. Palin about her fundamental goals for state spending, and whether she
            believes we're headed toward a defining moment between herself and lawmakers.




            I expect this will be a prominent story.




            Ideally, I'd like to do this interview today or this evening, though I realize the
            governor has a full schedule. A Saturday interview would work.




            My contact numbers are below.

                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP0I_0013450
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Thank you and Gov. Palin, Sharon!




           Wesley




           Wesley Loy



           Reporter



           Anchorage Daily News



           (907) 586-1531 (Juneau office)




           (907) 952-3966 (cell)




          wloy@adn.com <mailto:wloy®adn.com>




                                                       4
