Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From :   Lauri Pepi [akpepi@yahoo.coml
                Sent:    Saturday , March 15, 2008 11:42 AM
                To:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom
                         E (DNR); King; James G (DNR); Rep. Kevin . Meyer@leg is.state . ak. us;
                         Rep. Mike. Chenault@legis . state.ak. us; Sen.Tom. Wagoner@Iegis . state. ak. us; Tibbles; Michael A
                         (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                Subject: HB311
               Re: Lower Kasilof river boat launch, FY2009 Governors Captial Budget Appropriation
               Department of Fish and Game proposal #44823, included in HB311

               I am writing to oppose funding for the Lower Kasilof Boat Launch.
               I object to the state using the Trujillo parcel for a public boat launch and parking area. I live in
               the residential subdivision between that parcel and the state highway, and I would be severely
               affected by this decision. Our roads are over 30 years old and were never designed to handle that
               much traffic, and still provide safety and accessibility for our homeowners and children playing
               outside.

               The Kasilof river currently has a very limited motorized boat us, due to river conditions. It is
               primarily a drift boat fishery, and I believe it is not allowed to fish from any motorized boat as
               well. Why provide access for power boats, then? The ADF&G uses a boat equipped with a jet
               drive and this boat can be heard quite clearly and loudly in my yard, 2 blocks from the river! The
               Kenai river is now addressing water quality issues of pollution from hydrocarbons, as well as
               noise and bank erosion from the boat traffic there. Should we not know the impact this may have
               on a much smaller river, before that damage is done here?

               There has been no public process or notification, and our neighbors are very concerned about the
               impact this would have for us.
               I ask you to please deny funding for this bill.

               Thank you, Laurinda Pepi
               PO Box 316
               Kasilof, Ak. 99610
               907-262-1788


               Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0013475
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Pagel of 2


               Unknown
               From :    BRENT W JOHNSON [BWJOHNSONcPSEA.NET]
               Sent:     Saturday, March 15, 2008 10:13 PM
               To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
               Cc:      Troopers
               Subject: Your State Troopers
               To Whom It May Concern:                                                            March 15, 2008


               I am writing to ask for your help, to ask you to help me help the people of Alaska. Alaskans
               from all regions, all races, and all religions are suffering from epidemic levels of sexual assault,
               domestic violence, alcohol induced shootings and property crime of all varieties.

               I am an Alaska State Trooper. I see the misery and suffering these crimes cause my fellow
               citizens every day. I do the best I can every day to prevent or, at the very least, catch the
               perpetrators who commit these crimes. I find the job becoming more and more difficult, and
               more and more dangerous with each passing year. At the same time, I see the pride of my fellow
               State Troopers decreasing year after year as more and more of our Troopers leave us for better
               paying jobs elsewhere. After 3 years of exhaustive and expensive recruiting, DPS has only
               managed a net increase of 3 Troopers. This speaks volumes about how much the incentives to
               become and stay an Alaska State Trooper have decreased over the years.

              Recently I experienced a situation which I would like to take a moment to relate to you, so that
              you can, for a moment, experience this problem from my perspective.

               I currently work as a Wildlife Trooper, focusing the majority of my energy on enforcing the
               state's wildlife laws, while at the same time having all the duties and responsibilities of a patrol
               State Trooper.

              Approximately 2 years ago I received a call from a young woman reporting that she had been
              sexually assaulted over the weekend while at a party. As the only Trooper of any kind available
              at the time, I took it as my duty to, at the very least, contact this victim and let her know that
              someone believed her, that someone cared. I went to her home, listened to her cry and blame
              herself as she related the sordid details of what happened to her. I did my best to comfort her, to
              explain what would need to be done to collect evidence, and, eventually, earned her trust at a
              time when she would trust no other man. Because of this trust, I felt obligated to see the case
              through to its conclusion and not hand it off to a "blue shirt" Trooper. I did and still do wish a
              "blue shirt" Trooper, with the experience in these types of cases necessary, had been available
              that day. For 2 years I did the best I knew how, tracked down witnesses, collected DNA, fought
              with District Attorneys to look over the case, and finally, this past week, brought the suspect to
              trial. After a week of trial, I stood beside this young woman and walked with her into a
              courtroom where, between fits of sobbing, she related the most shameful moments of her life to
              perfect strangers for the first time in 2 years. At the conclusion of this, the man was found not
              guilty of sexual assault. I was then forced to call this woman, and violate her all over again with
              the news that her attacker was free.

              As I sit here writing this to you today, I cannot help but wonder if this victim could have found
              justice had there been an adequate number of State Troopers at the time. I did the best I knew
              how, but the problem was, I really didn't know how. I had no experience with this type of crime,


               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0013476
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


              I did what I was taught at the academy, I have been told I did a good job with the case, but still, I
              wonder, could this victim have been better served if someone with more experience had handled her
              case instead of a Wildlife Trooper.
              How many other victims are there out there who will never receive justice due to the continuing lack of
              State Troopers? How many rapists, child molesters, spouse abusers and drunk drivers will go free and
              unpunished because the current administration flatly refuses to make the career of an Alaska State
              Trooper competitive with other agencies? How soon until Troopers, over worked and understaffed,
              begin to suffer emotional and psychological problems due to the overwhelming stresses being placed on
              them, with no help forthcoming?

              As I write to you today, I am mad, I am angry and I am frustrated. I am mad that I may not have done
              my job well enough, and a rapist has gone free. I am angry that this administration has taken such a
              flippant attitude toward the hundreds of brave men and women who wear a State Trooper uniform. I am
              frustrated that the people of Alaska will ultimately suffer the most and pay the highest price for this
              administrations lack of action and failure to make public safety a priority.

              What will it take for this administration to accept that the Department of Public Safety is on the brink of
              a full blown crisis? How many citizens have to be victimized needlessly because there are not enough
              Troopers on the streets and in the villages to even respond to the crimes that have already been
              committed, much less prevent new ones? How many Troopers have to resign and seek other
              employment so they can support their families? How many lawsuits have to be filed against DPS and
              the state for failing to provide the basic law enforcement services mandated by statute? How many
              Troopers lives are you willing to risk, working alone, without backup, due to the manpower shortages?
              How many Troopers' grieving widows would you care to hand a flag to before your eyes are opened?


              Sincerely,


              Brent W. Johnson
              PO Box 846
              Tok, AK 99780




              10/23/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0013477
