Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



               Unknown

                From :     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES1
                Sent:      Friday, March 14, 2008 4:43 PM
                To:      Sarah Palin
                Subject: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

              Governor,
              Denby, Talis and Larry Hartig serve as state members on the EVOS trustee council. The council will be meeting
              soon to discuss the direction of EVOS and use of the remaining funds. There has been an ongoing debate about
              whether EVOS money should be used for habitat protection and whether the organization should continue to incur
              operating expenses in perpetuity . Our commissioners Privileged or Personal Materia at their next meeting two
              items:
                  1) The purchase of parcels of land from private and native entities . Examples include 6,350 acres on
                      afognak , several smaller parcels in Kenai , Soldotna and Valdez.
                  2) The use of fund for capital projects including a Fish and Game research building in Kodiak and an outreach
                      center in Cordova.

              I can rovide a com p lete list of all the roects if you would like. Privile ed or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                       hey requested I check with you to see i you have any concerns.

              Thank you.

              Mike


              From: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
              Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 11:52 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: FW: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

              Dear Mr. Tibbles, I would echo Larry' s request for guidance . Can we proceed with big projects , land acquisitions?
              The two day meetings begin Saturdqay and go through Sunday and the three of us are going to be in an odd
              situation of being asked for our views if we aren' t sure we have authority to express them. Talis


              From: Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC)
              Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 10:58 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
              Cc: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Tillery, Craig J (LAW)
              Subject: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

              Mike and Joe,

              I am just checking in to see if the Governor's office has any questions or guidance to the state EVOS trustees
              regarding what we discussed last Thursday - whether there are any policy considerations we need to have in mind
              in going forward with consideration of using EVOS trust funds for habitat acquisitions (North Afognak parcels and a
              handful of smaller key parcels on the Kenai River, etc.) and building projects (partial funding of research facilities in
              proposed Kodiak ADF&G building, partial funding for proposed Cordova public building , and possible small DEC
              storm water control projects)?

              Thanks for any input you can provide at this time.

              Larry



              8/28/2009
                                                                                                                                              i
                                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0013468
