Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:      Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
                Sent:      Saturday, March 15, 2008 10:19 AM
                To:        Sarah Palin
                Subject: FW: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar' Projects

              Governor,

              Sorry to bother you about this again but Talis, Denby and Larry are actually at the EVOS meeting today. I
              mentioned they would be meeting soon but I failed to specify that it was today. I spoke with Talis thi
              and he would love an email on whether you could suooort large o r o l e c t s from the EVOS trust funds Privileged o
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                    If you have
              thoughts, I can pass along to the commissioners, they would very much appreciate hearing from you. Thanks.

              Mike


              From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
              Sent: Friday, March 14, 2008 4:43 PM
              To: 'Sarah Palin'
              Subject: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

              Governor,

              Denby, Talis and Larry Hartig serve as state members on the EVOS trustee council. The council will be meeting
              soon to discuss the direction of EVOS and use of the remaining funds. There has been an ongoing debate about
              whether EVOS money should be used for habitat protection and whether the organization should continue to incur
              operating expenses in perpetuity. Our commissioners privileged or Personal Material, at their next meeting
              two items:
                  1) The purchase of parcels of land from private and native entities. Examples include 6,350 acres on
                      afognak, several smaller parcels in Kenai , Soldotna and Valdez.
                  2) The use of fund for capital projects including a Fish and Game research building in Kodiak and an
                      outreach center in Cordova.

              I can provide a complete list of all th proiacts. if you would We- Privile ed or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                    They requestea cneCK witn you to see you nave any concerns.

              Thank you.

              Mike


              From: Colberg, Talis ] (LAW)
              Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 11:52 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: FW: EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

             Dear Mr. Tibbles, I would echo Larry's request for guidance . Can we proceed with big projects, land
             acquisitions? The two day meetings begin Saturdqay and go through Sunday and the three of us are going to be
             in an odd situation of being asked for our views if we aren't sure we have authority to express them. Talis




              8/27/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013488
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2



              From: Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC)
              Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2008 10:58 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
              Cc: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW); Tillery, Craig J (LAW)
              Subject : EVOS Trust Funds: Habitat Acquisitions and "Brick & Mortar" Projects

              Mike and Joe,

              I am just checking in to see if the Govemor's office has any questions or guidance to the state EVOS trustees
              regarding what we discussed last Thursday - whether there are any policy considerations we need to have in
              mind in going forward with consideration of using EVOS trust funds for habitat acquisitions (North Afognak parcels
              and a handful of smaller key parcels on the Kenai River, etc.) and building projects (partial funding of research
              facilities in proposed Kodiak ADF&G building, partial funding for proposed Cordova public building, and possible
              small DEC storm water control projects)?

              Thanks for any input you can provide at this time.

              Larry




              8/27/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0013489
