Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown

                   From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) (governor@alaska.gov)
                   Sent:    Monday , March 17, 2008 10:44 AM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: Alaska State Chamber Capital Notes March 14, 2008




                  From : Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com)
                  Sent: Friday, March 14, 2008 7:20 PM
                  To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Alaska State Chamber Capital Notes March 14, 2008


                  Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                  Capital Notes
                  www.alaskachamber .com                                       Friday March 14, 2008

                  Half way through
                  The Legislature is well into the second half of the session, already eclipsing the half way mark a
                  week back. Both sides are feverishly attempting to put a wrap on the state's operating budget.
                  The operating budget, which covers the operating costs for all state functions such as funding for
                  state troopers, Medicaid programs, road maintenance, airports etc., will likely be the largest
                  operating budget in state history. As passed by the House last week, the operating budget
                  exceeded 10 billion in total funding, close to a 10% increase from the previous year's budget.
                  With action by the Senate expected this week, final action on the state operating budget could be
                  completed by both sides as early as next week.

                  Funding Measures and Surpluses
                 A supplemental funding bill is also going through both sides of the legislature. This is a normal
                 operating procedure for the administration and the legislature as unforeseen costs are annually
                 adjusted in a supplemental funding bill to the previous year's enacted operating budget.
                 However, this year things are a little different. As you may recall from last year, the legislature
                 passed a rather large capital budget with many Legislators projects vetoed by the Governor.
                 Well, strangely many of the projects deleted by the Governor have been added into the
                 supplemental budget requested by the administration. As one legislator put it, "this is our way to
                 let the Governor know who is the appropriating body." U! nder the Constitution only the
                 legislature can appropriate money, while the Governor holds the veto power. The new approach
                 at funding capital projects in the state's supplemental operating budget will likely create a few
                 fireworks as the session draws to a close next month.

                 Save a Buck Campaign
                 Additionally, revenue forecasts have suggested the state may have an additional 3.5 to 4 billion
                 dollars this year. The supplemental bill also carried a provision inserted by the Senate to dump
                 2.6 billion into the constitutional budget reserve (CBR). As Rep. Mike Hawker astutely pointed
                 out at the Chamber of Commerce annual legislative fly-in, any measure to put money into the
                 CBR is simply political posturing. So do legislators need to make appropriations to the CBR?



                  10/23/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0013502
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 3


                  No, all they need to do is not appropriate the money and it automatically rolls into the CBR as Rep
                  Hawker explained to attending folks.

                  Look for members of the House to jump on the bandwagon to see who can save the most money.
                  Regardless of bragging rights, the state chamber has made it a top priority to encourage our legislators to
                  save as much as is feasibly possible. With a gasline potentially many years away, oil production is
                  dwindling fast. Even with the high price of oil, it is expected the state budget will be busted in 10 years
                  or less. Less if the legislature continues to spend without looking to the future.

                  State Chamber Legislative Fly-In
                  Last week, the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce held its annual fly-in with business folks coming to
                  Juneau from all over the state to participate and learn about issues affecting Alaskans. The first day's
                  session took attendees through an in-depth look at the political, logistical and competitive issues
                  surrounding Alaska's gas pipeline. Analysis and interpretations on gas issues were presented by Rep.
                  Ralph Samuels, Dan Fauske (administrations AGIA team), Tony Palmer for TransCanada, and Brian
                  Wenzel for Conoco-Phillips. The gasline presentations brought together a mix of perspectives on a very
                  complex issue surrounding the future of Alaska's! gas pipeline. Some folks were optimistic after the
                  presentation and discussions, while some folks felt much work is yet to be done to get the project
                  moving.

                 We also heard from legislators on other issues including Rep. Mike Hawker on the budget surplus and a
                 fiscal plan and Sen. Johnny Ellis on unemployment insurance. Dan Barr presented information on the
                 potential to develop an Alaskan business plan. Later in the event, a seminar was held in the Senate
                 Finance Room with legislators stopping by to discuss a variety of personal and business issues. Those
                 folks included: Senator Hollis French on health insurance, Senator Gary Wilken on financial issues and
                 uses of the permanent fund, Rep. Beth Kerttula on growing up in the Capitol and what it means to be a
                 legislator, and Rep. John Coghill who covered a variety of issues. Senate President Lyda Green, and
                 Speaker of the House John Harris, each made individual appearances, and were both able and
                 knowledgeable presenters to the Alaskan business co! mmunity.

                 The two day event was topped off by a formal board meeting with a casual reception held for legislators
                 and staff at the mid-way point in the two day process. The reception sponsored by Wal-Mart and the
                 Alaskan Brewery Company drew more than 100 plus business and legislative participants. More than
                 half of the elected members from the Senate and the House made an appearance to mix with Alaska's
                 best in business.

                 In the midst of a 90-day session, we at the State Chamber found it particularly rewarding that so many
                 members of our Alaska Legislature were able to juggle very tight schedules to participate with us. It
                 was truly a generous gesture to give us so much of their time.

                 State Chamber of Commerce
                 As always we are working on many different bills. HB 103-Bond Requirement on Appeal, SB 122-
                 Municipal Property Tax exemption and SB 120-Unemployment insurance, are just a few of the many
                 different bills being looked after this week.

                 While there are a number of issues the State Chamber is working on, if there is an issue that is important
                 to you and your business, please let the folks at the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce know of your
                 concerns.

                 Following Legislation?


                  10/23/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0013503
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 3 of 3


                 Any person can follow the legislative process and access new bills, committee substitutes or determine
                 which legislator is on a particular committee in the Legislative Bill Action and Status Inquiry System
                 (BASIS). You can see what committee a bill is in, when it will be heard , how committee members
                 voted, and much more . You can also view all bills relating to your specific areas of interest by selecting
                 "Subject Summary " from the menu on the right. Just click on the link below and bookmark it for later
                 use.
                  httv://www. legis. state. ak-us/basis/start.asp




                  10/23/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0013504
