Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown
                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Monday, March 17, 2008 10:25 AM
                  To:      'Lauri Pepi'
                  Subject: RE: HB311
                  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                  person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                 From: Lauri Pep! [mailto:akpepi @yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Saturday, March 15, 2008 11:42 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd, Denby S ( DFG); Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom
                 E (DNR); King, James G (DNR ); Rep. Kevin. Meyer@ legis.state .ak.us;
                 Rep.Mike .Chenault@legis .state.ak.us; Sen.Tom.Wagoner@ legis.state.ak.us; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);
                 Crome, Cora 3 (GOV); Swanton, Charles 0 (DFG); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
                 Subject: HB311

                 Re: Lower Kasilof river boat launch, FY2009 Governors Captial Budget Appropriation
                 Department of Fish and Game proposal #44823, included in HB311

                 I am writing to oppose funding for the Lower Kasilof Boat Launch.
                 I object to the state using the Trujillo parcel for a public boat launch and parking area. I live in
                 the residential subdivision between that parcel and the state highway, and I would be severely
                 affected by this decision. Our roads are over 30 years old and were never designed to handle that
                 much traffic, and still provide safety and accessibility for our homeowners and children playing
                 outside.

                 The Kasilof river currently has a very limited motorized boat us, due to river conditions. It is
                 primarily a drift boat fishery, and I believe it is not allowed to fish from any motorized boat as
                 well. Why provide access for power boats, then? The ADF&G uses a boat equipped with a jet
                 drive and this boat can be heard quite clearly and loudly in my yard, 2 blocks from the river! The
                 Kenai river is now addressing water quality issues of pollution from hydrocarbons, as well as
                 noise and bank erosion from the boat traffic there. Should we not know the impact this may have
                 on a much smaller river, before that damage is done here?

                 There has been no public process or notification, and our neighbors are very concerned about the
                 impact this would have for us.
                 I ask you to please deny funding for this bill.

                 Thank you, Laurinda Pepi
                 PO Box 316
                 Kasilof, Ak. 99610
                 907-262-1788




                 Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.


                  10/23/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0013505
