Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                    gov. sarah @yahoo.com
               Sent:                    Sunday, March 16, 2008 5:35 PM
               To:                      Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette
                                        E (DOA)
               Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject:                 Re: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.


               We'll need a better explanation for the public's understanding (than what was reported in
               news)... as I don't believe the story explained that this was not our doing, nor our
               choice to pay out these union demands. Thanks

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeldealaska.gov>



              Date :   Sun, 16 Mar 2008 17:27:09

              To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Colberg, Talis J (LAW)"
              <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kreitzer,
              Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzeroalaska.gov>

              Cc:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

              Subject: RE: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.




              Governor - the funding in the supplemental request is based on an arbitration decision for
              monetary damages payable to the union for alternate service following the grounding of the
              LeConte in 2004.  We did not receive the decisions in time to address this last session,
              so they are in the FY2008 supplemental request we submitted to the legislature.
              Commissioner Kreitzer can provide more information on the details of this if you need them
              - here is a listing of the unions involved - Karen



              International Organization of Masters, Mates and Pilots (MM&P) $317,500.61



              Marine Engineers Beneficial Association (MESA) $19,964.60



              Inlandboatmen's Union of the Pacific (IBU-P) $142,508.00




                                                                       1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013497
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Karen J . Rehfeld , Director

               Office of Management & Budget

               465-3568



               karen . rehfeld@alaska.gov



               -----Original Message-----

               From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

               Sent : Sunday, March 16, 2008 5:14 PM

               To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Rehfeld,
               Karen J (GOV)

               Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

               Subject: Re: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.



              Talis- did Mike get a chance to talk to you about this after my response to his question
              on EVOS yesterday ? I'll forward my response to you that I'd sent him. I will defer to the
              board's desire to proceed on evos projects , based on my assumption that we've studied each
              proposal and it's the prudent ( and fiscally conservative thing) to do - but for the record
              I do not know what the proposals , projects or purchases are.



              Also- Annette or whomever can answer : Juneau Empire reports on a nearly $ 500g settlement
              from , 04 ferry grounding ... it's in our budget - but I have not been told of this - if I
              am asked I do not have an answer . Please explain before I am asked . Thanks

              Sent from my BlackBerry O device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Colberg , Talis J ( LAW)" <talis . colberg@alaska.gov>



              Date :   Sun, 16 Mar 2008   15:10:12

              To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com

              Subject:    Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.




              Dear governor palin .  Larry Hartig. Denby Lloyd and I have been meeting all day Saturday
              and today in preparation for a trustee meeting tomorrow . Monday . On the agenda tomorrow
              are several votes on habitat acquisition of several parcels for several million dollars.
              We will be asked to vote.  These funds are from a habitat acquisition fund.    The trustees
              have been making such purchases for years.  Can the 3 of us get the green light to act in
              our best judgment tomorrow which in most of these would be to vote for the purchases? Can
              you just email the three of us a yes to proceed as we see approriate on these parcels. We
              are reluctant to vote until we know you have no philosophical objection. Talis.
                                                                 2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013498
