Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                  From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) ]governor©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Monday, March 17, 2008 2:05 PM
                  To:       'Catherine & Erik'
                  Subject : RE: Kasilof Boat Launch
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person In this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                 From: Catherine & Erik [mailto:carkl@worldnet. att.net]
                 Sent: Monday, March 17, 2008 1:38 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Kasilof Boat Launch


                 Dear Governor Palin,

                 This smells like a 2 week old humpy. The ADFG Sportfish Division proposal #44823 contained
                 in House Bill 311 really stinks. Without any public process, the Sportfish Division and State
                 Parks are continuing to promote a plan to build a large boat ramp and parking facility on the
                 lower Kasilof River. The Kasilof River now has a drift-boat only sport fishery and as a result of
                 that has none of the hydrocarbon pollution, turbidity and boat wake erosion problems that plague
                 the Kenai River. One of the sites being considered for the new facility is a small privately owned
                 boat ramp. The owner does not allow use of his ramp to anyone before lam as the access road
                 goes through a residential subdivision and trucks pulling boat trailers down a gravel road are
                 extremely noisy, boats with motors are also not allowed to use the ramp. The proposed facility
                 would allow 10 times as many users with no restrictions.

                 We already have enough social and environmental problems in the lower Kasilof River due to
                 lack of planning and zero enforcement. The Kasilof River Personal Use Fishery is a good
                 example of an environmental disaster in progress. This fishery attracts thousands of users from
                 all over the state and because no agency is in charge of crowd control these people can camp for
                 weeks and weeks on the dunes at the mouth of the river. These campers run their ATVs through
                 the fragile grasses that help protect the dunes and dump their trash and sewage on the dunes and
                 in the adjacent wetlands. In contrast, the City of Kenai last year spent over $95,000 managing the
                 Kenai Personal Use Fishery and the city administration recommends they spend an additional
                 $75,000.

                 I suggest that the state should work to fix existing problems before creating new ones. Please
                 strip this ill-conceived proposal out of the budget and start talking to the local people about what
                 the community really needs.

                 Thanks for your help,

                Erik Huebsch
                Kasilof, AK
                262-6189



                 10/23/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013518
