Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Monday, March 17, 2008 12:49 PM
                To:      'cindysmi@acsalaska.net'
                Subject : RE: Kasilof boat launch public process?
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.



               From: cindysmi@acsalaska .net [mailto:andysmi@acsalaska.net]
               Sent: Monday, March 17, 2008 12:40 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Kasilof boat launch public process?

               March 17, 2008
               State of Alaska
               Office of the Governor
               Juneau, Alaska 99811

               Re: Lower Kasilof boat launch, FY2009 Governors Capital Budget Appropriation Department
               of Fish and Game
               proposal #44823, in SB256 and HB311

               Honorable Governor Palin:

               I am writing to oppose the funding for the Lower Kasilof Boat Launch, which was vetoed last
               year

               I have a few comments that I did not address in my last email to you, that I feel are very
               important.

               I am aware that Fish and Game say they are going to evaluate two sites for this proposal, the
               Trujillo parcel and Foxhill Estate Subdivision. I,cannot support the funding of this proposal
               because the Trujillo parcel is where Kenai River Sportfishing Assoc. targeted, while floating
               with Fish and Game, as their ideal boat launch, that will be used primarily for commercial guide
               drift boat interest, but in order to obtain the use of Federal money from the tackle tax, they need
               to create a motorized boat launch for public use. I am concerned that what is happening to the
               Kenai River with overuse of motorized boats and increased traffic, how can we let the same
               devastation happen to the Kasilof River?

               I have lived in this neighborhood for. 16 years and am very concerned at the detrimental impact
               this will have on us and the Kasilof River. The Trujillo landing has only been used primarily as
               a pullout for commercial guide boats, in a limited capacity with limited hours of operation. The
               river now has very limited motorized boat use with Fish and Game using a riverboat equipped
               with a jet drive and it disturbs the peace and quiet in my yard three blocks from the river. I feel
               that increased traffic on the river would be unsustainable and have detrimental impact to water
               quality, noise levels, and the overall peace that we now enjoy. Who will monitor this site?
               Currently we do not have enough personnel to fully monitor and police the fisheries we have.


               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0013538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



                I feel this proposal is ill advised and without due process , there has been no public notification , concept
                design, or public concern for this highly controversial proposal. Where is the public process in
                this? Please do not fund this proposal and risk more damage to the Kasilof River and put an end to a
                very respectful and enjoyable neighborhood . I have written public testimony from this letter addressed
                to Kevin Meyer, to be presented for House Bill 311 , if it passes from SB256 . Thank you for your time.

                Sincerely,


                Cynthia Smith
                 cindysmi (
                          a,acsalaska. net
                262-8432




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013539
