Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From ;                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 17, 2008 10:43 AM
            To:                      tisterryak@gmail.com
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, March 14, 2008 8:37 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from :    Terry Snyder

            address :   Po Box 521595 Big Lake AK 99652

             907-892-8049




            MESSAGE:



            While I applaud your efforts meeting with the House yesterday to compromise on the next
            couple years budget and end the unnecessary political games I am wondering why instead of
            offering a set amount to each house district you don't urge them to fund all the unfunded
            mandates the boroughs and cities face. This with a set amount given to the cities and
            borough would be a great start on sustainable revenue sharing. I live in the MSB the
            fastest growth area of the state and am uneasy with the computation that has so far been
            offered as a revenue sharing package. It appears to me that our borough will receive less
            than last year.  What is your stand on funding the unfunded mandates? I am continually
            amazed and impressed with your efforts to go where no recent governor has gone in doing
            what is best for Alaska. This would be yet another great contribution your administration
            could make to all Alaskans!



            This is one valley woman proud of the valley woman at the helm who continues to be the
            teacher on what can be.



            Look forward to your response.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013540
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Terry Snyder

            Big Lake



            tisterryak@gmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013541
