Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor c©Dalaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 17, 2008 10:42 AM
            To:                      cfjbmeng@aol.com
            Subject:                 RE: Oil&amp;Gas


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, March 14, 2008 9:50 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



            Web mail from: carl Jones

            address: 2964 brittany place anchroage AK 99504

             907-646-922




            MESSAGE:

            How do we place a "..." to cover the Ill's of Alsaka. We have a boundless supply of
            energy , resources , people and initative. What we lack is the stability of purpose to
            proceed wihtout thinking of our individual "wants" and consider "Alaska" needs.



            For 10 years I have listened to the up and down comments, corruption, single mindedness of
            purpose, and pie in the sky thoughts and aspirations of elected officials. What has it
            gotten us? Nothing. We are no closer now to relaizing a stable economy outside of fish,
            tourists and a depleating supply of oil.



            If I could tell legislatures one thing and one thing only, it would be simply, quit
            hashing and arguing about who gets the larger piece of pie. Because, soon the pie will no
            longer be there.



            Thanks, and congratulations to you and your family

            Respectfully,

            Carl

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013542
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            cfjbmeng@aol.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013543
