Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent :                   Monday, March 17, 2008 10:21 AM
            To:                      vicroy@mtaonline.net
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, March 15, 2008 3:03 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget




            Web mail from :   Ms. Arklee Wilson

            address :   HC-33 BOX 2984 Wasilla AK 99654

             907 373-0261




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Govonor Palin:

            I am upset over the gross spending habits of our legislature. They are spending like
            drunken sailors. Just because oil revenues are high doesn't mean we should spend it all. I
            think we need to consider the fact that some day the gravy train will end. We should
            decrease our budget by at least 25%. And consider putting in a new oil refinery, our god
            forbid the state might consider building the pipeline from the slop to Fairbanks
            ourselves, then lease it to the oil companys.

            So pull in the spending and create somthing good from the over taxation of the oil
            companys.

            Sincerly Arklee Wilson




            vicroy@mtaonline.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013548
