Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 17, 2008 9:52 AM
            To:                      Iisa55000@earthlink.net
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Sunday, March 16, 2008 2:28 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from : Ms. Lisa Carroway

            address :   3027 Riverview Drive Fairbanks AK 99709

                (907) 374-4801




            MESSAGE:

            Hon. Palin. I am thrilled that you are providing a new clear voice of reason for our
            State . Forgive my brainstorming here but I have a lot of spare time on my hands lately. I
            think some of the budget surplus should be utilized to develop programs in the following
            areas:



                 Environmental Protections standards (EPA). Since we will no doubt continue mining
            operations and expand oil exploration in some form or another, we need appropriate legal
            safeguards written into our state law.to mitigate the environmental damage that will
            occur. Research environmental cleanup and develop an enforcement mechanism.




                  We need a branch of the American Medical Association to come to Alaska and establish
            standards for Alaska's medical practices.   Currently, patients have no way to enforce
            their rights against malpractice or quackery. Alaska needs to establish better standards
            of practice outside of a doctor's basic business license requirement to operate on our
            State.



                   Better graduate programs- most obviously:


                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013552
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  A law school in Alaska ( a) to train future legislators to write better law (b) to
            set rational precedent in order to create sensible common law in Alaska to guide litigants
             (e.g. we have a lot of sexual harassment suits and divorce but very few " good faith and
            fair dealing " questions litigated for the establishment of fair business practices. In
            addition , we have a lot of criminal prosecution for minor offenses involving traffic
            infractions but fewer meaningful criminal prosecutions are brought . against the most
            violent of criminals . And why are we still permitting domestic violence to go unpunished?




                 A medical school to provide a more affordable avenue to train local students for
            local medical practice rather than relying on our current system of kids in the UW medical
            school rotation to provide Alaska with doctors.




                 Elder care facilities - disband the current charities that do not deliver service to
            the elderly and put some state surplus money back into expanding the Pioneer Home program,
            increasing its staffing ratio , and developing new elder care facilities . We have an elder
            care crisis in Alaska that can no longer be ignored.




                 Child care facilities . Put some funding surplus money back into child care . Recent
            news stories evidence the urgency for child care programs.




                 Care for disabled. Put funding surplus money back into facilities to help the
            severely disabled live a more comfortable life . Various municipalities throughout Alaska
            need help to reopen facilities that were closed in recent years.




                 Safe and sanitary plumbing should be brought to rural communities . This really
            should have been done a long time ago.



                 Prosecute grant fraud for charities who fail to deliver service . There are many
            organizations fronting as charities to obtain grant money, bank their profits, and not
            fulfill the purpose of the charitable organization stated in their federal tax nonprofit
            paperwork or Alaska license paperwork . The State of Alaska should begin rejecting these
            grant proposals and perhaps private enterprise can develop which will answer some of the
            business needs in our communities through the establishment of new small businesses. The
            State grant funds that are being wasted on nonperforming " charities " should be redirected
            into improving the other basic programs listed above.



            Thanks for letting me share my thoughts with you.




            lisa55000 @earthlink.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0013553
