Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, March 17, 2008 8:00 AM
            To:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
            Subject:                 Re: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.


            Thank you

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



            Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2008 07:54:47

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: RE: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.




            Dear Governor Palin,

                  Thank-you.  We (the Exxon Valdez Trustees) are meeting again today for formal
            decisions.  The decisions we make on property purchases will be based on a lot of factors
            and can only occur if all six trustees are in agreement. There should be nothing
            particularly controversial.

                       Talis



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Sunday, March 16, 2008 5:14 PM

            TO: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kreitzer,                Annette E    (DOA); Rehfeld,
            Karen J (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject: Re: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.



            Talis- did Mike get a chance to talk to you about this after my response to his question
            on EVOS yesterday? I'll forward my response to you that I'd sent him. I will defer to the
            board's desire to proceed on evos projects, based on my assumption that we've studied each
            proposal and it's the prudent (and fiscally conservative thing) to do - but for the record
            I do not know what the proposals, projects or purchases are.



            Also- Annette or whomever can answer :         Juneau Empire reports on a nearly $500g settlement
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013559
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            from ,04 ferry grounding... it's in our budget - but I have not been told of this - if I
            am asked I do not have an answer. Please explain before I am asked. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 16 Mar 2008 15:10:12

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Exxon Valdez trustee meeting.




            Dear governor palin.   Larry Hartig. Denby Lloyd and I have been meeting all day Saturday
            and today in preparation for a trustee meeting tomorrow. Monday. On the agenda tomorrow
            are several votes on habitat acquisition of several parcels for several million dollars.
            We will be asked to vote. These funds are from a habitat acquisition fund.    The trustees
            have been making such purchases for years. Can the 3 of us get the green light to act in
            our best judgment tomorrow which in most of these would be to vote for the purchases? Can
            you just email the three of us a yes to proceed as we see approriate on these parcels. we
            are reluctant to vote until we know you have no philosophical objection. Talis.




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0013560
