Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 8:18 AM
                 To:      neil wetherington
                Subject: RE: Piz consider these words...
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




                From : neil wetherington [mailto: montanakidhammer@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Monday, March 17, 2008 4:38 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored);
                Thomas, Joe (LAA); Miller, Derek (LAA); Rep. John Harris; John Coghill; David Guttenberg; Kawasaki,
                Scott Jw (LAA); McGuire, Lesil L (LAA); Jay Ramras; Stevens, Gary L (LAA)
                Subject: Piz consider these words...

                Dear Governor, Lt. Governor, Senators and Congress member;

                I'm writing to ask for your support to we the shooting training program . I'm not only echoing
                Mr. Kruger' s words, but I am a NRA Certified Instructor for nigh on 20 years and have a long list
                of students needing a range to receive their proper firearm training . Please consider these words:


                From: bronko77@hotmail.com
                Subject: Shooting Range Closure
                Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2008 14:46:41 -0800



                Hello Everybody!!
                                   This is not an AK FNRA update.
                I am writing you today as an NRA member.
                Recently the Senate Finance Committee decided to
                pull the funding for the 3 Hunter Education
                Shooting Ranges we have in the State . Fairbanks,
                Juneau and Rabbit Creek. Without funding these
                three ranges will have to close their doors
                essentially CRIPPLING the shooting sports here in
                Alaska.


                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0013593
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2



                I am writing you today asking that you contact the
                Senators on the Senate Finance Committee to urge
                them to pass an amendment to the budget bill to
                include funding for our three Hunter Education
                Ranges. Below are the contact email addresses for the
                Senators on the Senate Finance Committee.
                 Senator Joe ThomasCcDleais. state . ak.us ; Senator Charlie Huonins@ Iegis.state . ak.us ;
                Senator Fred Dyson6leals. state . ak.us ; Senator Kim Elton@leais . state.ak.us
                Senator Sert_Stedman@legis.state.ak.us; Senator Lyman_Hoffman@legis.state.ak.us;
                Senator Donald Olson@ leuis.state . ak.us;


                Time is of the essence on this issue. So if you could
                please contact them as soon as possible.
                If anything we need more ranges in Alaska not less.
                Thanks for your help on this issue.
                Sincerely,
                Brad Kruger
                AK NRA Field Rep
                907-299-0784

                Thanks,

                Neil Wetherington,




                Montana Kid Hammer; 10


                Name me a War that Cowboys ever Lost!




                Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.



                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0013594
