Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ. kelly@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Thursday, March 20, 2008 8:07 AM
                To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                Subject: Governor making the right call on supplemental budget
                FDNM gets it at least...



                 Capital is capital
                Governor making the right call on supplemental budget

                Published Wednesday, March 19, 2008

               A budget can be a dynamic beast, sometimes born of little more than a hazy crystal ball
                and a heap of educated guesses that metamorphose into sometimes frightening forms
               through a fiscal year.
               But the beast should at least have recognizable parts - an operating budget, a capital
               budget, a supplemental budget. Some emergency reserves are part of the picture, too.
                When Gov. Sarah Palin insists that $70 million in capital projects that she vetoed last
                summer not be shifted to last year's supplemental budget, she is on solid footing. She
                said putting the items in the supplemental is simply inappropriate. Alaskans will see the
               logic in her stance.
                Still, the state House voted unanimously Monday and 38-1 on Tuesday to pass the
               supplemental budget with the $70 million in projects included.
               The Senate agreed on Tuesday, passing the supplemental budget 15-5. The bill now goes
               to the governor for her signature - and quite possibly some line-item vetoes. Lawmakers
               can try to override the vetoes, or they could try to put these items back in the 2009 capital
               budget.
               With a near-unanimous vote for the supplemental budget in the House, it appears that
               going the veto-override route may be tempting to legislators.
               Indeed, the supplemental budget manages billions of dollars. There are factors in that bill
               that are extraordinarily positive. It is a popular one overall.
               And, admittedly, there are some items among that $70 million for Fairbanks that we
               would like to see in the state's budget. Our delegation does need local support for these
               things, which include improvements to the J.P. Jones Community Development Center
               and reconstruction of the Tanana Valley Sportsmen's Association building, among other
               projects.
               But backtracking to insert these vetoed items into a supplemental budget, however
               popular, doesn't fit the purpose of a supplemental budget. These expenses, though small
               in relation to the total package, are hangers-on to what is otherwise good legislation. The



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0013605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


                problem is that they do not have to be there and, in fact, there is a better and more logical place
                for them.
                It may be feasible in the politics of the moment to insert $70 million in the supplemental budget,
                but the public understands what is a capital budget item and where those expenses should be
                logged; a capital expense is a capital expense.
                Legislators should fight to put the items into the 2009 capital budget.
                If they lose that struggle, at least they were fighting the right fight.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0013606
