Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of I


                Unknown
                From:        cindysmi@acsalaska.net
                Sent:        Wednesday, March 19, 2008 9:00 AM
                To:          Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:          Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J
                             (GOV); Rep.Mike.Chenault@legis.state.ak.us
                Subject : Veto F&G#44823- Kasilof boat launch
                March 19, 2008
                State of Alaska
                Office of the Governor
                Juneau, Alaska

                Re: Lower Kasilof Boat Launch, FY2009 Governors Capital Budget Appropriation Department of Fish and
                Game, proposal #44823 in SB256

                Honorable Governor Palin:
                I understand that Fish and Game proposal #44823 is in your capital budget , but I would like to request
                that you veto this funding . How can F&G get funding to buy private property , to put in a public access
                motorized boat launch , before there has been any environmental assessments, public concerns, and
                input from the local residents , on how this will impact the river and our community . We do not want any
                motorized public access this far up the river , if there is a need for a motorized boat launch then it should
                be centrally located at the mouth of the Kasilof River where all the other boat traffic is located. We are
                concerned that once F&G get funding for this proposal we will have no recourse to keep this out of our
                neighborhood and protect the Kasilof River.

                I am aware that Fish and Game say they are going to evaluate two sites for this proposal , the Trujillo
                parcel and Foxhill Estate Subdivision . I cannot support the funding of this proposal because the Trujillo
                parcel is where Kenai River Sportfishing Assoc . targeted , while floating with Fish and Game , as their ideal
                boat launch , that will be used primarily for commercial guide drift boat interest , but in order to obtain the
                use of Federal money from the tackle tax, they need to create a motorized boat launch for public use. I
                am concerned that what is happening to the Kenai River with overuse of motorized boats and increased
                traffic, how can we let the same devastation happen to the Kasilof River? As residents of this community,
                do we not have the right to express our concerns and have them heard before F&G have the funds to
                purchase one of these sites?

                 There are many people, myself included , that are very concerned with the issue of more traffic on the
                Kasilof River, especially with motorized public access , when the Kenai River is being purged of two-stroke
                motors, where will all those displaced dipnetters and fisherman end up ? This is bigger than F&G wanting
                to use access through our neighborhood , this is going to be devastating to the Kasilof River and our
                community.

                Last year you vetoed this project. Unfortunately, it has passed the House and Senate process this year, I
                urge you to veto it again.
                Thank you for your time.

                Sincerely,

                Cynthia Smith
                cindvsm ikcD_acsalaska. net
                262-8432




                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013607
