Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah©yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 12:09 PM
             To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
             Subject:                 Fw: Gasline Communications


             Here's what I sent to bruce re: my soon - to-be - given response to lawmakers and reporters on
             what we're planning for AGIA review business- they're losing patience with me not having
             dates and times for them to plan around:

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2008 19:52:11

             To:"Bruce Anders " <bruce . anders@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: Gasline Communications




             I'm back in Juneau. We're losing ground, I believe, in the public discussion on what we're
             considering or not considering under AGIA . Even before Meg comes on we need to assure
             Alaskans that we ' re reasonable and fairly considering all ideas , including Hickel's call
             for continued consideration of Alaskan gasline project(s). It should not have to be a
             reminder via his op - eds - to Alaskans , that of course this consdieration is the right
             thing to do.



             Also, legislators and reporters want to know now what the timeline is on review be they're
             feeling like ( as some have told me ) we either don't know what we 're doing, or are keeping
             info from them re : timeline and their ability to plan their summer with families,
             campaigns , etc. I need to tell them asap what the gas team is thinking on this - I haven't
             got any answer yet and they' re losing patience with me . I'm going to tell them to stay in
             Juneau after they gavel out April 13 and we 'll delve right into sp session be they don't
             want to leave their places of residence here in Juneau and risk huge inconvenience because
             we're not telling them dates and times we need them for AGIA business.

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: " Anders, Bruce F (DNR )" <bruce. anders@alaska.gov>




             Date: Sat, 15 Mar 2008 17:51:29

             To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject : Re: Gasline Communications
                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0013612
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Re #3, if it was more convenient, I could do Monday in Anchorage (instead of Tuesday in
            Juneau), maybe drive you to the airport?



             ----- Original Message -----

             From : Anders , Bruce F (DNR)

             To: ExternalEmailgsp .gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

             Sent :   Sat Mar 15 16:06 : 03 2008

             Subject : Gasline Communications



             Governor,



             1.  Thanks for forwarding your concerns re TC bridge shipper option. Agree with you that
            we need to reassure Alaskans that TC is by no means pre-ordained .  Our evaluation of LNG
            options will be extremely robust -- four idealized (i.e., better than AGPA or Sinopec) LNG
            options, that will fully expose the strength (or, possibly, relative weakness ) of TC app.
            When I explained this approach to concerned leggies, they basically said, "that's all I
            needed to hear , thanks ." We need to better get that message out to Alaskans . I will work
            on that.



             2.   Meg update:     We had a great couple of hours together this am. Isabella joined the
            meeting (see attached -- check out the two pair of eyes!), and added some really good
            insight from the Baby Boomer perspective ( she seemed far better in tune than Halcro).
            Though Meg and I have been doing lots of talking over the past few weeks, we got together
            today to solidify her prospective role. We        ve a ro osal: 'Privileged or Personal Material Reda
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted        Privileged or Persona




                                                            ^f you green light this,      Meg will work directly-
            with Tibbles to git er done.



             3.  Request :  I am in the process of updating my gasline Outreach Plan .  But there are
            some key important matters I need to chat with you about , particularly concerning the
            National Outreach Plan .  Since ( due to the ANSCA chats), I know you've got a few free mins
            on Tuesday , could I get 30-45 of those ( preferably just you and me)? Marty and I spoke at
            length earlier today , and she asked me to contact you and request it. if okay, let me
            know, and I will work with Janice to set up.



             Thanks!

             Bruce



                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1 0013613
