Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Rutherford, Marty K (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MKRUTHERFORDJ
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 2:37 PM
            To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 Re: Gasline Communications


            Governor,

           I concur with Bruce Ander's most recent e-mail to you. We are in the middle of a
           monumental evaluation task on the TC' proposal and LNG options and we have involved the
           best experts available.   Unfortunately the complexities of the projects and required
           evaluation of these projects, and the iterative aspect of the evaluation, make setting a
           special session date very difficult. Nonetheless we are forcing a decision by the end of
           this week.  What I can tell you now is we will absolutely NOT be ready for a special
           session by mid-April.   A more realistic question is can we be ready by mid-May. Once the
           analysis of data is complete, the Commissioners must make a decision and then it will take
           6 weeks to write-up the required Finding. Finally, I am feeling very badly because it
           appears we have not kept you adequately up to speed. I have assumed that you were being
           provided regular updates.   I now believe I, or perhaps Pat, Tom, and I, need to be
           providing you more extensive briefings on some regular schedule that works for you.
           Please advise when we might talk about where we are in the process, and what we are
           learning, as well as some of the challenges we are facing. We would love to have your
           participation, input and guidance.

           Thanks for your time,

            Marty




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            Sent: Tue Mar 18 12:08:58 2008

            Subject: Fw: Gasline Communications



            Here's what I sent to bruce re: my soon-to-be-given response to lawmakers and reporters on
            what we're planning for AGIA review business- they're losing patience with me not having
            dates and times for them to plan around:

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date :   Tue, 18 Mar 2008 19:52:11

            To:"Bruce Anders" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013602
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Subject: Re: Gasline Communications




            I'm back in Juneau. We're losing ground, I believe, in the public discussion on what we're
            considering or not considering under AGIA. Even before Meg comes on we need to assure
            Alaskans that we're reasonable and fairly considering all ideas, including Hickel's call
            for continued consideration of Alaskan gasline project(s). It should not have to be a
            reminder via his op-eds - to Alaskans, that of course this consdieration is the right
            thing to do.



            Also, legislators and reporters want to know now what the timeline is on review be they're
            feeling like (as some have told me) we either don't know what we're doing, or are keeping
            info from them re: timeline and their ability to plan their. summer with families,
            campaigns, etc. I need to tell them asap what the gas team is thinking on this - I haven't
            got any answer yet and they're losing patience with me. I'm going to tell them to stay in
            Juneau after they gavel out April 13 and we'll delve right into sp session be they don't
            want to leave their places of residence here in Juneau and risk huge inconvenience because
            we're not telling them dates and times we need them for AGIA business.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :    " Anders , Bruce F (DNR)" <bruce. anders@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sat, 15 Mar 2008 17:51:29

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: Gasline Communications




            Re #3, if it was more convenient , I could do Monday in Anchorage            ( instead of Tuesday in
            Juneau ), maybe drive you to the airport?



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Sent :   Sat Mar 15 16:06:03 2008

             Subject: Gasline Communications



             Governor,



             1.  Thanks for forwarding your concerns re TC bridge shipper option. Agree with you that
            we need to reassure Alaskans that TC is by no means pre-ordained. Our evaluation of LNG
                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0013603
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            options will be extremely robust -- four idealized ( i.e., better than AGPA or Sinopec) LNG
            options , that will fully expose the strength ( or, possibly , relative weakness ) of TC app.
            When I explained this approach to concerned leggies , they basically said , " that's all I
            needed to hear , thanks ." We need to better get that message out to Alaskans. I will work
            on that.



             2.  Meg update :  we had a great couple of hours together this am . Isabella joined the
            meeting ( see attached -- check out the two pair of eyes!), and added some really good
            insight from the Baby Boomer perspective ( she seemed far better in tune than Halcro).
            Though Meg and I have been doing lots of talking over the past few weeks, we got together
            today to solidify her prospective role.           We have a proposal: Privileged or Personal Material Redd
           P rivileged or Personal Material Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                  f you green light t is, eg wi           wor     irec
            with Tibbles to git er done.



             3.  Request :  I am in the process of updating my gasline Outreach Plan .     But there are
            some key important matters I need to chat with you about , particularly concerning the
            National Outreach Plan .  Since ( due to the ANSCA chats ), I know you ' ve got a few free mins
            on Tuesday , could I get 30-45 of those (preferably just you and me)? Marty and I spoke at
            length earlier today, and she asked me to contact you and request it. If okay, let me
            know, and I will work with Janice to set up.



             Thanks!

             Bruce




                                                                  3




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013604
