Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.ov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 12:41 PM
            To:                      noel@alaska.com
            Subject:                 RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2008 12:43 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Legal_and lawsuits



            Web mail from: Mr. Noel Rea

            address : Box 135 Wrangell AK 99929




            MESSAGE:

            Please consider the broader picture in the 'debate' with the legislature on the
            supplemental capital projects.  Much has been done regarding funds being saved and
            improved ethics among both the house and the senate. Please consider accommodating the
            request for the formally vetoed capital projects in the spirit of moving forward on larger
            issues such as the gas line and health care which deserve your time.

                 I think you have clearly made your point and the public has appreciated this effort
            however I think it may be time to accept these projects and move on. I don't agree with
            some of the projects either and perhaps you could target the larger appropriations (those
            at $5 million or greater) for a bond package. Items like the Port of Anchorage would
            benefit from greater discussion of need and impact because the project is incredibly
            large.

                 The greater fiscal control is kept and needed on larger items while smaller
            communities with smaller requests can be helped with minimal impact made on the overall
            budget.



            Thanks,



            Noel Rea


                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013608
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            noel@alaska.com




                                                        2



                                                                                                                        i


                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0013609
