Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 7:35 AM
            To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
            Subject:                 Re: AGIA


            I'm asking janice to put on sched a good chunk on time to get a preliminary overview of
            what we're looking at. Joe and I talked about that last night and I asked him for that
            review. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>




            Date:   The, 18 Mar 2008 07:27:37

            To:gov.sarahc@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: AGIA




           Yes, it is appropriate and wanted that you participate as much as your time allows. You
           and the gasline team need to be on the same page just like with the AGIA bill and with
           ACES.    If you let us know timing we can facilitate updates/participation/communications
           with you.



             AGIA is much different than the decision to be made for the Point Thomson remand hearing.
               God bless.  Tom



             -- - Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.saraheyahoo.com>

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Sent: Tue Mar 18 07:06:35 2008

             Subject: AGIA




            I'm hearing more scuttlebutt from TC's visit to lobby for Congressional assistance back
           in DC - that they were very careful not to sound like $$$ was an AGIA prerequisite, but it
           seemed very clear that more assistance was in their game plan.



            Is it appropriate to share concerns like this with you as the review is ongoing? Is it
           approriate to share with Marty, Joe, Pat... anyonen during the fact-finding, objective
           review period?
                                                                 I




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0013641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2
