Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
               Sent     Wednesday, March 19, 2008 10:06 AM
               To:      cindysmi@acsalaska.net
               Subject: RE: Veto F&G#44823- Kasilof boat launch
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.


               From: cindysmi@acsalaska.net [mailto:dndysmi@acsalaska.net]
               Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2008 9:00 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc: Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen 3
               (GOV); Rep.Mike.Chenault@legis.state.ak.us
               Subject: Veto F&G#44823- Kasilof boat launch

               March 19, 2008
               State of Alaska
               Office of the Governor
               Juneau, Alaska

               Re: Lower Kasilof Boat Launch, FY2009 Governors Capital Budget Appropriation Department of Fish and
               Game, proposal #44823 in SB256

               Honorable Governor Palin:

               I understand that Fish and Game proposal #44823 is in your capital budget, but I would like to request
               that you veto this funding. How can F&G get funding to buy private property , to put in a public access
               motorized boat launch , before there has been any environmental assessments , public concerns, and
               input from the local residents , on how this will impact the river and our community . We do not want any
               motorized public access this far up the river, if there is a need for a motorized boat launch then it should
               be centrally located at the mouth of the Kasilof River where all the other boat traffic is located. We are
               concerned that once F&G get funding for this proposal we will have no recourse to keep this out of our
               neighborhood and protect the Kasilof River.

              I am aware that Fish and Game say they are going to evaluate two sites for this proposal , the Trujillo
              parcel and Foxhill Estate Subdivision . I cannot support the funding of this proposal because the Trujillo
              parcel is where Kenai River Sportfishing Assoc. targeted , while floating with Fish and Game, as their ideal
              boat launch , that will be-used primarily for commercial guide drift boat interest , but in order to obtain the
              use of Federal money from the tackle tax , they need to create a motorized boat launch for public use. I
              am concerned that what is happening to the Kenai River with overuse of motorized boats and increased
              traffic, how can we let the same devastation happen to the Kasilof River ? As residents of this community,
              do we not have the right to express our concerns and have them heard before F&G have the funds to
              purchase one of these sites?

               There are many people, myself included, that are very concerned with the issue of more traffic on the
              Kasilof River, especially with motorized public access , when the Kenai River is being purged of two-stroke
              motors, where will all those displaced dipnetters and fisherman end up? This is bigger than F&G wanting
              to use access through our neighborhood , this is going to be devastating to the Kasilof River and our
              community.
              Last year you vetoed this project. Unfortunately , it has passed the House and Senate process this year, I
              urge you to veto it again.

              Thank you for your time.

              Sincerely,

              Cynthia Smith
              cindvsmiOacsalaska.nt
              262-8432



               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0013628
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               3/18 - Subprime Crisis: Better--Not More--Regulation Needed                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Tuesday, March 18 , 2008 11:02 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Weekly: Subprime Crisis: Better-Not More-- Regulation Needed




               From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
               Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2008 11:01 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly: Subprime Crisis: Better--Not More--Regulation Needed


                                                                         View this online.


                   March 18, 2008



                                                      F I G H T I N G F O R YOUR S U SINESS



                 Suberime Crisis : Better-Not More--Regulation Needed                                    Member Benefits
                 By Tom Donohue                                                                              New 65% Discount for
                                                                                                            U.S. Chamber Members
                 The subprime crisis and credit crunch have rejuvenated a public dialogue            Members now receive a 65%
                 about the regulation of the U.S. capital markets.                                   discount with Yellow Transports
                                                                                                     on qualifying less-than-truckloac
                 By capital markets , I'm talking about the vast array of financial products and     shipments! If you are currently
                 services--debt and equities securities , mutual funds, commodities and              enrolled in the USCC/Yellow pai
                                                                                                     program , your account was updi
                 derivative products , credit and banking products, and insurance-upon which
                                                                                                     to the new discount effective 1/1
                 businesses , investors, and consumers depend . All of these are essential for       To enroll or receive information,
                 financing new ideas , innovations, and jobs, as well as new homes,                  please call
                 retirement, and college tuition.                                                    800-293-0414, or visit
                                                                                                     www. move l low. com/uscham be r.
                 More lawsuits and additional regulatory or legislative Band -Aid fixes are not
                 solutions for the challenges facing our financial markets . Rather, it's time for               Benefits Guide
                 thoughtful and comprehensive capital markets regulatory reform. We need
                 better regulation, not more regulation.
                                                                                                         F       x -monste
                 Join the conversation.



                 Capital Roundup
                                                                                                     I Quips
                                                                                                     "The [C]hamber started winning
                 Here are a few of the exclusive stories appearing on our Web site this
                                                                                                     cases in part by refining its
                 week. Visit uschambermaaazine .com for the very latest news, updates,               strategy ... The [C]hamber wouk
                 and Pecial features...-_--렁_-- ----                                                decide which of the many cases
                                                                                                     brought to its attention were in tl
                 IRS Names Top 12 Income Tax Scams for 2008                                          long-term strategic interest of
                 Internet ploys designed to steal financial and personal information tops the        American business and then hin
                 list of income tax scams uncovered by IRS auditors and criminal investigators       leading business lawyers to wrib
                 this year, according to the IRS' "Dirty Dozen" list for 2008.                       supporting briefs or argue the cF

                 Chamber Coalition Holds Climate Change Dialogues                                    -New York Tlmes, March 16
                 A Chamber-led coalition has kicked off a four-city road show Intended to
                 stimulate a national discussion on key climate change issues and alternatives
                                                                                                     I Event


               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0013629
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                3/18 - Subprime Crisis: Better--Not More--Regulation Needed                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                  to currently proposed legislation.                                                                    2nd Annual Capital Markets
                                                                                                                                 Summit:
                  Chamber Forum Focuses on Health IT                                                                     Strengthening U.S. Capital
                  To make health care more safe, affordable, and accessible for consumers                                Markets for All Americans
                  and employers, businesses must push for the widespread adoption of health                          March 26, Washington, D.C.
                  information technology (IT), according to government officials, health care
                  experts and business leaders attending the National Chamber Foundation's                           At this full-day event in Washington,
                                                                                                                     attendees will get an in-depth look at
                  health IT forum.
                                                                                                                     a number of the most important
                                                                                                                     issues facing our capital markets.
                                                                                                                     The summit will feature prominent
                  Also In This Issue                                                                                 speakers in government , public
                                                                                                                     policy, and business who will focus
                                                                                                                     on the current regulatory
                       In Your Backyard: Family Leave Bill Advances                                                 environment and significant
                                                                                                                     emerging trends.
                       Small Business: Are Your E-mails Being Received?                                             Register today.

                       Economy: Consumer Demand Sluggish in February

                       Small Businesses Need Help

                       Chamber Wins Grassroots Award

                       Talking Business With Steny Hoyer




                                                              uschamber.com Weekly I Editor: John Reid
                                                                Writers: Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo
                                                          You are subscribed as: governor@gov.state.ak.us

                                                                           Your Account:
                                                     Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                                Stop receiving uschamber.com Weekly.
                         ham:://www. uschamber. info/fedmember/remove-domai n-direct. tcl?ctx=center&nkev=w73wgb64r765gn3d&


                        If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership, reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                         line, or click hers. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on
                         your Subscription Management Page . You must follow these Instructions in order to ensure that you are property removed. For
                               more Information about U.S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line at 1 -800-638-6582.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0013630
