Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18 , 2008 9:31 AM
            To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: IOGCC release


            May 4-6 in Calgary.



            We are working on a script for a welcome that we can videotape in case you cannot attend.



            A group of us, including Dan Seamount and the gasline team have been working to help IOGCC
            develop the meeting agenda. it is almost complete.



            Beth




            ----- Original Message -----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           To: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Sent :   Tue Mar 18 09:21:07 2008

           Subject: Fw: IOGCC release



           When is their next mtg that I'm supposed to chair?



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

           To: ExternalEmailgsp

           Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Tue Mar 18 09:17:09 2008

           Subject: IOGCC release



           For your approval, please see the second graph below in this IOGCC draft release. Dan
           Seamount has already seen this.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013631
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            C. Michael Smith Named Interstate oil and Gas Compact Commission Executive Director




             The Interstate Oil and      Gas Compact Commission today announced that C. Michael "Mike"
            Smith has been selected      as executive director . Smith will be responsible for providing
            advocacy , coordination ,    education and strategy to the IOGCC ' s 30 member and eight
            associate states on key      domestic energy issues.




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            From 2002 to 2004 Mr . Smith served as assistant secretary of fossil energy for the U.S.
            Department of Energy . He served as the primary policy advisor to Secretary Spencer Abraham
            on federal coal , petroleum , and natural gas programs , including extensive research and
            development efforts . Smith's responsibilities included overseeing an organization of
            nearly 1 , 000 scientists , engineers , technicians and administrative staff in two national
            laboratories , four field offices and at DOE ' s headquarters in Washington , D.C. He was
            responsible for several high - priority presidential initiatives , including the
            implementation of the Bush Administration ' s $2 billion development of a new generation of
            environmentally sound clean coal technologies and the $1 billion FutureGen project . Duties
            also included managing the nation ' s Strategic Petroleum Reserve and the Northeast Home
            Heating Oil Reserve , both key emergency response tools available to the president to
            protect Americans from energy supply disruptions.




            Mr. Smith ' s international experience includes service with the secretary general , Ministry
            of Science and Technology , People ' s Republic of China as a co-chair of the US-China Oil
            and Gas Forum and as chairman of the policy group, Carbon Sequestration Leadership Forum
            (CSLF ). CSLF is a Bush Administration initiative with a 21 country membership seeking
            technical solutions to the capture and storage of carbon dioxide from energy generating
            facilities . Additionally , he led U . S. bilateral fossil energy protocols in Australia,
            India , Norway and Russia.




            From 1995 to 2002, Mr . Smith served as Oklahoma ' s secretary of energy in the cabinet of
                                                          2




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1 _0013632
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            former Gov . Frank Keating. He was responsible for fossil energy policy and oversight of
            seven major state energy agencies and commissions . He served as the governor ' s official
            representative to the IOGCC, the Southern States Energy Board , the Interstate Mining
            Compact Commission and the Governors ' Ethanol Coalition. He served IOGCC as its vice
            chairman in 1999.




            Mr. Smith served as president of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association in 1994
            and operated as an independent oil and gas exploration company based in Oklahoma City. He
            practiced energy law and earned Bachelor of Arts and law degrees from the University of
            Oklahoma.




            About the IOGCC




            The IOGCC is a multi - state government agency whose mission is to promote the conservation
            and efficient recovery of the nation ' s domestic oil and natural gas resources while
            protecting health , safety and the environment.




             in 1935 , six states took advantage of a constitutional right to " compact," or agree to
            work together , to resolve common issues . Faced with unregulated petroleum overproduction
            and the resulting waste , the states endorsed and Congress ratified a compact to take
            control of the issues.




            Today , the IOGCC ' s membership is comprised of 30 member states, eight associate states and
            eight international affiliate country members .     The IOGCC is headquartered in Oklahoma
            City, Oklahoma .    For more information , visit http :// www.iogcc . state.ok.us
            <http :// www.iogcc . state . ok.us/> .




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0013633
