Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 8:49 AM
            To:                      huffmaneg@gci.net
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.                                ,




            -----Original Message-----

            From: webMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2008 8:25 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget




            Web mail from: Mr. James Huffman

            address : 9930 Annette Cr Eagle River AK 99577




            MESSAGE:

            I urge you to stand firm against the legislature regarding the current supplemental
            spending bill. Legislators trying to gain support from constituents are unwisely inserting
            many "pet projects" into the budget. Many of these items were vetoed last year and have no
            place in the supplemental budget. I strongly urge you to veto EVERY item that is recycled
            from last year.



           I am also disappointed at the level of spending from House and Senate members. While the
           state coffers are experiencing a significant budget surplus, not enough of this excess is
           being saved. Alaska will encounter rainy days in the near future and it is the
           responsibility of the Governor and Legislator to be good stewards of the resources and
           ensure enough money is saved for those rainy days. From what I have seen of the current
           spending bills, there is little fiscal discipline by our state government.



           James Huffman



           huffmane9@gci.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013638
