Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown

               From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
               Sent:    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 9:37 AM
               To:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Subject: Fwd: Possible New Talent...
               do you have an idea when you'll get to talk to her?

               Note: forwarded message attached.




               10/23/2009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page I of 1


                Unknown
                From :   Sarah Palin (gov.sarah@yahoo.com)
                Sent:    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 9:43 AM
                To:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Rep. Lynn's HB 287 - Divest from companies doing business in Sudan
               yes, see where Lynn wants to go with us on this, as i'll be asked again where the admin is on it.
               thanks

                "Ruaro, Randall P (GOP) " <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov> wrote:

                 Governor:

                 At your request, I reviewed HB 287. The bill would place a number of new
                 obligations on the Alaska Permanent Fund, including divesting from companies
                 that do business with Sudan. (The Sudanese government is accused of
                 sponsoring genocide against civilians in Darfur) The bill's prime sponsors are
                 Rep. Lynn and Rep. Gara.

                 The bill has been heard once this session in House State Affairs. Mike Burns of
                 the Permanent Fund testified against the bill ("we do not believe that investment
                 decisions made for social or political reasons are in the best interest of the
                 permanent fund.") The permanent fund also produced a fiscal note estimating
                 costs at nearly $11 million for FY 2009, and about $8 million a year for every year
                 thereafter. The permanent fund attributes most of these costs to fund managers
                 raising their rates for having to change how they handle their portfolios.

                 Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                 Randy




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0013644
