Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 8:08 AM
           To:                      Imertes@northstar.kl2.ak.us
           Subject:                 RE: Education


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah-Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Monday, March 17, 2008 9:01 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Education



           Web mail from: Ms. Lori Mertes

           address: 121 Eureka Fairbanks AK 99701

             907 452-6514




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           In January when you came to talk to the Delegate Assembly you stated we would be getting
           much needed money for our school districts to be able to run their schools better. Well
           our district has stated that the money will be here sooner, but is not adequate to run our
           schools and give the teachers a raise in pay(we are negotiating a new contract) and they
           are proposing giving us no raise for three years and capping the health cost to the
           district and the teachers would pay any additional health cost-so indeed they are
           decreasing out pay.

           What is the FNSBSD getting from the state and will it be enough to run the schools and
           give teachers the much needed increase.

           Thank you for listening and congratulations on the upcoming birth of your new addition. I
           think you are an inspiration for women everywhere and to our young daughters that they can
           have careers too and still have a family.



           Thanks for your time

           Lori Mertes

                                                                 1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_ 0013648
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Resource Teacher and Parent of 4

           FNSBSD



           lmertes@northstar.k12.ak.us




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0013649
