Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 9:27 AM
          To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
          Subject:                 RE: IOGCC release


          Sunday, May 4th through Tuesday, May 6th, 2008 in Calgary, Alberta - Janice



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2008 9:21 AM

          To: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Subject: Fw: IOGCC release



          When is their next mtg that I' m supposed to chair?



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

          To: ExternalEmailgsp

          Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Tue Mar 18 09:17:09 2008

          Subject: IOGCC release



          For your approval, please see the second graph below in this IOGCC draft release. Dan
          Seamount has already seen this.




          C. Michael Smith Named Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission Executive Director




           The Interstate Oil and     Gas Compact Commission today announced that C. Michael "Mike"
          Smith has been selected     as executive director. Smith will be responsible for providing
          advocacy, coordination,     education and strategy to the IOGCC's 30 member and eight
          associate states on key     domestic energy issues.




                                                             1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0013657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          From 2002 to 2004 Mr. Smith served as assistant secretary of fossil energy for the U.S.
          Department of Energy. He served as the primary policy advisor to Secretary Spencer Abraham
          on federal coal, petroleum, and natural gas programs, including extensive research and
          development efforts. Smith's responsibilities included overseeing an organization of
          nearly 1,000 scientists, engineers, technicians and administrative staff in two national
          laboratories, four field offices and at DOE's headquarters in Washington, D.C. He was
          responsible for several high-priority presidential initiatives, including the
          implementation of the Bush Administration's $2 billion development of a new generation of
          environmentally sound clean coal technologies and the $1 billion FutureGen project. Duties
          also included managing the nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve and the Northeast Home
          Heating Oil Reserve, both key emergency response tools available to the president to
          protect Americans from energy supply disruptions.




         Mr. Smith's international experience includes service with the secretary general, Ministry
         of Science and Technology, People's Republic of China as a co-chair of the US-China Oil
         and Gas Forum and as chairman of the policy group, Carbon Sequestration Leadership Forum
         (CSLF). CSLF is a Bush Administration initiative with a 21 country membership seeking
         technical solutions to the capture and storage of carbon dioxide from energy generating
         facilities. Additionally, he led U.S. bilateral fossil energy protocols in Australia,
         India, Norway and Russia.




         From 1995 to 2002, Mr. Smith served as Oklahoma's secretary of energy in the cabinet of
         former Gov. Frank Keating. He was responsible for fossil energy policy and oversight of
         seven major state energy agencies and commissions . He served as the governor ' s official
         representative to the IOGCC, the Southern States Energy Board, the Interstate Mining
         Compact Commission and the Governors' Ethanol Coalition. He served IOGCC as its vice
         chairman in 1999.




         Mr. Smith served as president of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association in 1994
         and operated as an independent oil and gas exploration company based in Oklahoma City. He
         practiced energy law and earned Bachelor of Arts and law degrees from the University of
         Oklahoma.
                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_ 0013658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          About the IOGCC




          The IOGCC is a multi-state government agency whose mission is to promote the conservation
          and efficient recovery of the nation's domestic oil and natural gas resources while
          protecting health, safety and the environment.




           In 1935, six states took advantage of a constitutional right to "compact," or agree to
          work together, to resolve common issues.  Faced with unregulated petroleum overproduction
          and the resulting waste, the states endorsed and Congress ratified a compact to take
          control of the issues.




          Today, the IOGCC's membership is comprised of 30 member states, eight associate states and
          eight international affiliate country members.  The IOGCC is headquartered in Oklahoma
          City, Oklahoma.  For more information, visit http://www.iogcc.state.ok.us
          <http://www.iogcc.state.ok.us/> .




                                                      3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0013659
