Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROU PICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON)
          Sent:                    Tuesday, March 18, 2008 10:41 AM
          To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                 FW: Budget


          This one will make you smile! Janice



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2008 8:12 AM

          To: peter.kamilos@gmail.com

          Subject: RE: Budget



          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Monday, March 17, 2008 7:28 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Budget



          Web mail from : Mr. Peter Kamilos

          address: HC 35 Box 5355ZX Wasilla AK 99654

            907.373.6256



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,



          I am writing to let you know that despite the fact that I am a pretty strong anti-
          Republican--you are the first Republican I ever voted for--I am still behind you.


                                                             1




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_ 0013655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          As this budget mess gets hammered out I intend to back your ultimate decision .     I value
          your voice of moderation and reason -- in most things -- and hope that you continue in this
          vein.



          Whether you veto the budget and the crooks in Juneau or decide to make peace with them, I
          am for once comfortable in the fact that you will make the right decision.



          I don't like Republicans, I am not a big fan of Democrats, but I support you, your
          policies, and plan to vote for you next time you are due for election.



          Thank you and good luck.



          --Peter Kamilos--




          peter.kamilos @ gmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI-0013656
