Unknown

From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov]
Sent :                   Thursday, April 24, 2008 1:17 PM
To:                      Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'ftb907@yahoo.com';
                         'krisandclark@yahoo.com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :                RE: KTN editorial


Way, way cool.



Rosanne Hughes

Press Secretary and Communications Director

(907) 269-7450




-----Original Message-----

From: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 1:14 PM

To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); 'ftb907@yahoo.com';
'krisandclark@yahoo.com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

Subject: Fw: KTN editorial



Check out this awesome editorial that was just sent to me by johansen's staffer. It's awesome!



----- Original Message -----

From: Sonia Christensen <Sonia_Christensen@ legis.state . ak.us>

To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

Sent: Thu Apr 24 13:09:18 2008

Subject: KTN editorial



Hey Ivy!
                                                      1                                    ROSTON 02322




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
This was in the Ketchikan paper today and I thought I would pass it along. The only one of its kind
that I've seen! Hope all is well in JNU!



Best,



Sonia



Gratulasjoner!*



Ever since Gov. Sarah Palin announced her pregnancy there have been some snarky comments,
relating first to hormones and attitude, morphing into political commentary on the Palin family's
choice in welcoming a fifth child. This latter was linked to the announcement after Trig Paxson Van
Palin was born on April 18 that he has Down syndrome.



The condition did not come as a surprise to the Palins, who, it was reported, were saddened at first
by the news. But as we all do when life sends us the unexpected, the family adjusted.



The governor's office, in its announcement of the birth, said, "We feel privileged that God would
entrust us with this gift and allow us unspeakable joy as he entered our lives. We have faith that
every baby is created for good purpose and has potential to make this world a better place. We are
truly blessed.""



This baby is not a political football, and should not be used as such by pro-life or pro-choice factions.
The baby should be cause for a family's celebration; how they came to their decision, and why, is
their business.



Come to it they did, and now Alaska's first family has a fifth child. We are sure the Palins are
delighted with Trig, and he with them. He will grow and thrive in love. He might get a lot more
attention than lots of fifth children.



A new baby is cause for celebration, not talking (or writing) heads' pronouncements. So we'll stop
                                                    2
                                                                                  ROSTON 02323




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
"talking" and join the celebration.



Welcome to our state, Trig. Glad you waited to get home from Texas for the birth, but at least you'll
always have a story about how you were almost born in the second-largest state. Whew, that was
close!



*Norwegian for "Congratulations!"




                                                   3                              ROSTON 02324




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
