Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOANOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, March 19, 2008 4:51 PM
           To:                      'gov. sarah@yahoo .com'; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Land Meeting Today


           Positive comments regarding Christine Klein from the FAA Regional Mgr today out of a
           meeting in Fairbanks.



           F




           Hi Christine,



           I understand you had a fairly productive meeting with Jim and Steve this morning, at least
           we are talking now, which is a huge step in the right direction. I hope you can tolerate
           Steve's exuberance, he is well meaning, but he often times gets overly excited when
           articulating his position.  Trust me, we have admonished him to rein in his delivery, and
           we will continue to counsel moderation with him. I hope we can get our next steps meeting
           set so we can move forward on resolving these land use issues collaboratively.



           Jim and I are truly thrilled to have you as a partner in the important work we have to do
           to ensure safety in Alaska aviation.   We are committed to helping you as you work your
           change agenda.   Whatever we can do within our purview to help you affect change within the
           DOT, we will do.



           Thanks for embracing this challenge, together I know we can make this work.



           Regards,



                   BK




           Byron K. Huffman




           Airports Division Manager



           FAA-Alaskan Region



                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013688
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            (907) 271-5438



            "Finding ways to say yes...

           Not reasons to say no"




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0013689
