Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


                Unknown
                 From:    Nate&Roxy Sheets [nrsheets@gmail.com]
                 Sent:    Wednesday, March 19, 200810:42 AM
                 To:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Pamell; Sean R (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
                 Subject: Budget for Public Safety
                Greetings.

                I recently read the article in the ADN regarding the $70 million worth of capital projects vetoed by the
                Governor last summer. The reason given for why she was doing that was "to have money for funding
                areas that were important to her, such as : health , public safety, education and transportation". I am
                writing this email to remind you all of that statement . As of now, the Governor and her Administration has
                proved to be false and misleading in these statements . The current contract proposed to PSEA by the
                Palin Administration proves that public safety is not an item that is important to any of you. I am appalled
                that any of you stand by this proposed contract , (a contract that tells every Department of Public Safety
                employee that you have no regard for them, their families and that they are of little or no importance to
                The State of Alaska ), and continue to publicly make statements expounding on how important the safety
                of all Alaskans is to you . Perhaps it would be good for all of you to remember the saying "Actions speak
                louder than words .". The actions shown by this Administration tell me that they are ignorant to the needs
                of the citizens of The State of Alaska and to the safety and well being of all. These are actions that will be
                remembered and explained to every Alaskan I meet.

                Now is the time for each of you to revaluate the proposed contract to the PSEA and make it one that is
                worthy of The State of Alaska.

                Thank you for your time. I will look forward to a response from each of you . This is not my first email or
                letter I have written and I am still waiting for responses on those as well.

                Respectfully,

                Roxanne Sheets
                P.O. Box 45
                Aniak, AK 99557
                907-675-4864




                10/23/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013685
