Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I



               Unknown

                From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                Sent:     Wednesday, March 19, 2008 7:26 PM
                To:       gov.sarah @yahoo.com
                Subject: Visit with Sen. Dyson

              Governor:

              Mike Barnhill from LAW, Russ Kelly, and I spent about an hour with Senator Dyson. Basically, he has 2 issues.

              1). Use of Legislative Intent Language . Senator Dyson wants the legislature to be able to control the size and
              other details of state construction projects through "intent" language in the budget. An example he gave relative
              to the Eagle River Loop Road project was that he wanted the speed limit to be lower and the. median to be about
              200 feet shorter. (He has constituent(s) with a business who are concerned customers will have a harder time
              making left turns to his business because of the median) He wants the legislature to be able to control these
              kinds of details through intent language. Mr. Barnhill explained the legal issues and we discussed that DOT is
              usually in a better position to determine these details through their engineers and safety experts. He said he
              understood, but wants to pursue the issue through a court case if necessary.

              2). Changes to Eagle River Loop Road. Senator Dyson wanted several changes to the project. DOT made
              some changes, like partially narrowing the width of the project to the existing ROW, but refused to make other
              changes, like lowering the speed limit and shortening the median. Senator Dyson said this upset him and he was
              still going to submit his letter to the editor of the Eagle River Star.

              DOT said they get put in a difficult position on projects like this. They design and build roads to serve the
              numbers of people using the road. On a high volume road like this, it has to be built a certain way to be safe and
              keep traffic moving, but this can cause problems with the people living or having businesses on the frontage part
              of the road. DOT held 10-12 public meetings and says that at some meetings, public comments were well in
              favor of the bike paths. DOT feels they made reasonable changes to the project to the extent they could without
              getting into safety issues.

              I will continue to work with Leo on a plan to get DOT out and communicate with legislators during the interim on
              the STIP, earmarks , etc. We may be able to head off issues like this in the future with more communication and
              there is clearly a high level of frustration by many legislators with DOT.

              Randy




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0013690
