Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown
                 From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUAROj
                 Sent:     Wednesday, March 19, 2008 1:44 PM
                 To:       'Sarah Palin'
                 Subject: RE: Response to Senator Dyson's Re: Eagle River Loop Road

               Governor:

               I have an appointment with Senator Dyson for 4 :30 today to discuss.

               Thanks,
                                                                                                                                               4
               Randy


               From: Sarah Palin [mailto : gov.sarah @yahoo.com)
               Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2008 1:36 PM
               To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
               Cc: Von Scheben , Leo (DOT)
               Subject: Re: Response to Senator Dyson's Re: Eagle River Loop Road

               yes, pls follow up with Fred . let him know we don't ignore his concerns . thanks

               "Ruaro, Randall P (GOVY <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov> wrote:
               Governor:
               DOT's response to Senator Dyson' s draft editorial on Eagle River Loop Road is attached. My understanding is
               that over the years, DOT has communicated these points to him.

               Would you like me try and talk with the Senator on these issues?

               Randy




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0013695
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



                   Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
                   From :   winczura@mtaon line, net
                   Sent:    Wednesday, March 19, 2008 9:42 PM
                   To:      Notti; Emil R (CED)
                   Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                   Subject: Letter

                 Attached is a letter that may be of interest to you. I welcome any questions/comments you may
                 have.

                 John Winczura RN, PA-C




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013696
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                             JolMV%=wm fly, PAC                                   1444 South Creek Rd
                                                                                  Eagle River, AK 99577
                                                                                  (907) 698-1080




                             March 19, 2008

                            Alaska State Medical Board

                             Dear Board Members:

                                      I am addressing this board once again because of difficulties that I am having in successfully
                            working as a physician assistant in the positions that I have attempted to be hired In, but mainly
                            because of the difficulty that I am having in satisfying the demands of this board for obtaining a
                            collaborative physician in the Anchorage bowl. Although I have addressed several different physicians
                            in the area, I have been unable to find one that is willing to act as a collaborative physician in my
                            business endeavor. Sadly, although one would like to think that there are no ramifications from others
                            concerning a history of alcoholism, in real life this is not the case. I have mentioned before that I truly
                            regret my past actions while actively practicing as an alcoholic. I have now been sober for 7112 years
                            and am trying to get my life back together again. This has been an upward battle all the way. I am not
                            expecting others to feel sorry for me, I am not trying to make excuses, and I do not expect that The
                            world owes me". Be that as it may, it is clear to me that the public at large still has a very negative
                            attitude towards recovering alcoholics and addicts.

                                     This is not just a statement, this is a fact I have personally experienced this situation over and
                            over again. Major hospitals in the area have refused to hire me into positions that I am wet-qualfied for
                            even though at the time they have had a shortage of qualified personnel applying for these positions.
                            Several positions as a physician assistant that I have applied for in private clinics, I have never made it
                            past the interview. It seems as soon as I mentioned that I am a recovering alcoholic, or that I'am
                            working under a Memorandum of Agreement with the State Medical Board, Interest seems to
                            completely die off. I realize that the underlying reasons for this discriminatory behavior stem from my
                            past history, but that is just it-it is past history! Once again I remind this board that I have been clean
                            and sober for about 7 1/2 years.

                                       There are several new members sitting on this board now that may not know my history. I am
                            therefore going to briefly review the history of my interaction with this board. In November of 2000, 1
                            realized that my consumption of alcohol had become completely out of control I voluntarily admitted
                            myself to a world renowned treatment program for healthcare professionals "Talbott Recovery Center"
                            and spent the next four months in inpatient treatment I invested all this time and money because I felt
                            Ike I needed to do this to save my life. When Iwas discharged from this facility, I returned to Alaska
                            with the intention of returning to work as recommended by my treatment counselors. I approached
                            both the Alaska State Nursing Board and the Alaska State Medical Board with the intention of being
                            completely open and honest with these boards as to my past transgressions and my intention for long
                            term sobriety for the future. Interestingly enough, both these boards are under the umbrella of the
                            Department of Community and Economic Development, the supervisor of which at that time was Rick
                            Urlon. The nursing board, after reviewing my history and the recommendations of the treatment facility,
                            elected to allow me to go back to work with a Memorandum of Agreement that would appropriately
                            supervise my employment as a registered nurse. (I was at that time licensed both as a registered
                            nurse and a physician assistant). The executive director of the nursing board even helped me obtain
                            my first job.

                                     However, when I approached the medical board, I had a completely different reaction. The
                            chairperson (Martha Cotten) blatantly stated during that meeting that "if it were up to me you would
                            never get your physician assistant license again (because you are an alcoholic and you lied to this
                            board)". Needless to say I was flabbergasted. I spent the next 3 1/2 years approaching the board
                            several times attempting to get my license renewed. I had even on the first meeting occasion had a
                            tentative Memorandum of Agreement worked out by the medical board Investigators and myself for
                            submission to the board. That MOA was thrown out without any consideration. After 3 1/2 years, when
                            the board finally decided that I was worthy of having my license returned, voted to reinstate my license




                                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0013697
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           · Page 2                                                                                    March 19,2008

                           and then immediately voted to suspend it for another year. During this entire time I was being
                           monitored by an entity of the Department of Community and Economic Development . After that year
                           suspension the board finally accepted a memorandum of agreement and I was able to have my license
                           renewed. It took me over six months after my license being active before I could even find employment
                           even though I was beating the streets daily . One of the clinics that I applied to had actually hired me,
                           signed a collaborative plan that was to be submitted to the medical board , and then the following day
                           after reading a copy of my Memorandum of Agreement (that I am required to give to any of my
                           employers) backed out of the agreement and made an excuse about why he could not hire me at that
                           time. I have reviewed these events not to obtain sympathy from you , nor to self justify my feelings
                           toward the actions of this board in the past, but to enlighten you as to what has transpired over the past
                           71/2 years. I am now 60 years old, without a steady means of employment , recently diagnosed with a
                           potentially fatal disease , unable to complete the requirements for this board in order for my idea for a
                           business venture to come to fruition due to the lack of willingness to participate as a collaborative
                           physician by those physicians approached in the Anchorage area. I therefore would like to suggest
                           some things that the board can consider to help me be successful in working in the profession that I
                           worked so hard for.

                                  At the last meeting that I attended , I requested some minor changes in the memorandum of
                           agreement that would enable me to get started in my new business venture . At this time I would like to
                           make some suggestions that might make this board feel more comfortable.

                                    1. Dismiss the remaining portion of my memorandum of agreement since I have already
                           satisfied the usual and customary length of supervision required by either the nursing or the medical
                           boards. Or,
                                    2. Allow my alternate collaborative physician to be outside of the Anchorage area with the
                           caveat that I maintain face-to-face contact with my primary collaborative physician at least once a week
                           via a video link between myself and the primary physician . A face-to-face meeting in person would be
                           necessary at least once a quarter . I would be more than wiling to have a face-to -face meeting with the
                           medical board investigator in charge of my case as frequently as once.a week in addition to the
                           requirements already set forth in the current memorandum of agreement.

                                      I have maintained in the past that this board is operating outside the guidelines of the
                           American With Disabilities Act concerning the treatment of recovering alcoholics and addicts such as
                            myself. I have included with this letter an attachment from the Department of Justice concerning Title II
                           of the ADA. I strongly suggest that you review this, especially the highlighted areas so that you may
                            understand why I have been so frustrated with my treatment by this board so far . I am not asking for
                            sympathy, I am not trying to make excuses, and I am not expecting anything to be done outside of what
                            is legally right. In the past I have been criticized for my outspoken nature. it is not within this boards
                           jurisdiction to have their decisions be influenced by my right to free speech . I have always done my
                           best to be compliant to the demands made of me , albeit at times with prejudice ; and I have always
                           maintained professionalism in my actions and responses . I AM NOW FORMALLY REQUESTING
                            REASONABLE ACCOMADATION UNDER TITLE it OF THE ADA.

                           Sincerely,




                           cc: Governor Sarah Palm
                               Emil Notti, Commissioner DCED




                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0013698
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

                            Office of the Attorney General

                            28 CFR PART 35

                            [Order No. I '

                            Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Disability in State and Local Government
                            Services

                            AGENCY: Department of Justice.

                            ACTION: Final rule.

                            SUMMARY: This rule implements subtitle A of title II of the Americans with
                            Disabilities Act, Pub. L. 101-336, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of
                            disability by public entities. Subtitle A protects qualified,individuals with disabilities
                            from discrimination on the basis of disability in the services, programs, or activities of all
                            State and local governments, It extends the prohibition of discrimination in federally
                            assisted programs established by section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 to all
                            activities of State and local governments, including those that do not receive Federal
                            financial assistance, and incorporates specific prohibitions of discrimination on the basis
                            of disability from titles I, III, and V of the Americans with Disabilities Act. This rule,
                            therefore, adopts the general prohibitions of discrimination established under section 504,
                            as well as the requirements for making programs accessible to individuals with
                            disabilities and for providing equally effective communications . It also sets forth
                            standards for what constitutes discrimination on the basis of mental or physical disability,
                            provides a definition of disability and qualified individual with a disability, and
                            establishes a complaint mechanism for resolving allegations of discrimination.

                            EFFECTIVE DATE: January 26, 1992.

                            FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:

                            Barbara S. Drake, Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division; Stewart B.
                            Oneglia, Chief, Coordination and Review Section, Civil Rights Division; John L.
                            Wodatch, Director, Office on the Americans with Disabilities Act, Civil Rights Division;
                            all of the U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, D.C. 20530. These individuals may be
                            contacted through the Division's ADA Information Line at (202) 514-0301 (Voice), (202)
                            514-0381 (TDD), or (202) 514- 0383 (TDD). These telephone numbers are not toll-free
                            numbers.

                            SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

                            Background.




                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013699
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           The landmark Americans with Disabilities Act ("ADA" or "the Act"), enacted on July 26,
                           1990, provides comprehensive civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in
                           the areas of employment, public accommodations, State and local government services,
                           and telecommunications.

                           This regulation implements subtitle A of title II of the ADA, which applies to State and
                           local governments. Most programs and activities of State and local governments are
                           recipients of Federal financial assistance from one or more Federal funding agencies and,
                           therefore, are already covered by section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as
                           amended (29 U.S.C. 794) ("section 504"), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of
                           handicap in federally assisted programs and activities. Because title II of the ADA
                           essentially extends the nondiscrimination mandate of section 504 to those State and local
                           governments that do not receive Federal financial assistance, this rule hews closely to the
                           provisions of existing section 504 regulations. This approach is also based on section 204
                           of the ADA, which provides that the regulations issued by the Attorney General to
                           implement title 11 shall be consistent with the ADA and with the Department of Health,
                           Education, and Welfare's coordination regulation, now codified at 28 CFR Part 41, and,
                           with respect to "program accessibility, existing facilities," and "communications," with
                           the Department of Justice' s regulation for its federally conducted programs and activities,
                           codified at 28 CFR Part 39.

                           The first regulation implementing section 504 was issued in 1977 by the Department of
                           Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW) for the programs and activities to which it
                           provided Federal financial assistance . The following year, pursuant to Executive Order
                           11914, HEW issued its coordination regulation for federally assisted programs, which
                           served as the model for regulations issued by the other Federal agencies that administer
                           grant programs . HEW 's coordination authority , and the coordination regulation issued
                           under that authority , were transferred to the Department of Justice by Executive Order
                           12250 in 1980.

                           In 1978, Congress extended application of section 504 to programs and activities
                           conducted by Federal Executive agencies and the United States Postal Service. Pursuant
                           to Executive Order 12250, the Department of Justice developed a prototype regulation to
                           implement the 1978 amendment for federally conducted programs and activities. More
                           than 80 Federal agencies have now issued final regulations based on that prototype,
                           prohibiting discrimination based on handicap in the programs and activities they conduct.

                           Despite the large number of regulations implementing section 504 for federally assisted
                           and federally conducted programs and activities, there is very little variation in their
                           substantive requirements, or even in their language . Major portions of this regulation,
                           therefore, are taken directly from the existing regulations.

                           In addition, section 204(b) of the ADA requires that the Department's regulation
                           implementing subtitle A of title II be consistent with the ADA. Thus, the Department's
                           final regulation includes provisions and concepts from titles I and III of the ADA.




                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0013700
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            Rulemaking History.

                            On February 22, 1991, the Department of Justice published a notice of proposed
                            rulemaking (NPRM) implementing title III of the ADA in the Federal Register. 56 FR
                            7452. On February 28, 1991, the Department published a notice of proposed rulemaking
                            implementing subtitle A of title II of the ADA in the Federal Register. 56 FR 8538. Each
                            NPRM solicited comments on the definitions, standards, and procedures of the proposed
                            rules. By the April 29, 1991, close of the comment period of the NPRM for title 11, the
                            Department had received 2,718 comments. Following the close of the comment period,
                            the Department received an additional 222 comments.

                            In order to encourage public participation in the development of the Department's rules
                            under the ADA, the Department held four public hearings. Hearings were held in Dallas,
                            Texas on March 4-5, 1991, in Washington, D.C. on March 13-15, 1991, in San Francisco,
                            California on March 18-19, 1991, and in Chicago, Illinois on March 27-28, 1991. At
                            these hearings, 329 persons testified and 1,567 pages of testimony were compiled.
                            Transcripts of the hearings were included in the Department's rulemaking docket.

                            The comments that the Department received occupy almost six feet of shelf space and
                            contain over 10,000 pages. The Department received comments from individuals from all
                            fifty States and the District of Columbia. Nearly 75% of the comments that the
                            Department received came from individuals and from organizations representing the
                            interests of persons with disabilities. The Department received 292 comments from
                            entities covered by the ADA and trade associations representing businesses in the private
                            sector, and 67 from government units, such as mayors' offices, public school districts, and
                            various State agencies working with individuals with disabilities.

                            The Department received one comment from a consortium of 540 organizations
                            representing a broad spectrum of persons with disabilities. In addition, at least another 25
                            commenters endorsed the position expressed by this consortium, or submitted identical
                            comments on one or both proposed regulations.

                            An organization representing persons with hearing impairments submitted a large number
                            of comments. This organization presented the Department with 479 individual comments,
                            each providing in chart form a detailed representation of what type of auxiliary aid or
                            service would be useful in the various categories of places of public accommodation.

                            The Department received a number of comments based on almost ten different form
                            letters. For example, individuals who have a heightened sensitivity to a variety of
                            chemical substances submitted 266 post cards detailing how exposure to various
                            environmental conditions restricts their access to public and commercial buildings.
                            Another large group of form letters came from groups affiliated with independent living
                            centers.




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013701
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           The vast majority of the comments addressed the Department's proposal implementing
                           title III. Slightly more than 100 comments addressed only issues presented in the
                           proposed title II regulation.

                           The Department read and analyzed each comment that was submitted in a timely fashion.
                           Transcripts of the four hearings were analyzed along with the written comments. The
                           decisions that the Department has made in response to these comments , however, were
                           not made on the basis of the number of commenters addressing any one point but on a
                           thorough consideration of the merits of the points of view expressed in the comments.
                           Copies of the written comments , including transcripts of the four hearings, will remain
                           available for public inspection in Room 854 of the HOLC Building, 320 First Street,
                           N.W., Washington, D.C. from 10 :00 a.m . to 5:00 p. m., Monday through Friday, except
                           for legal holidays, until August 30, 1991.

                           Overview ofthe Rule.

                           The rule is organized into seven subparts. Subpart A, "General," includes the purpose and
                           application sections , describes the relationship of the Act to other laws, and defines key
                           terms used in the regulation . It also includes administrative requirements adapted from
                           section 504 regulations for self- evaluations, notices, designation of responsible
                           employees , and adoption of grievance procedures by public entities.

                           Subpart B , " General Requirements," contains the general prohibitions of discrimination
                           based on the Act and the section 504 regulations . It also contains certain " miscellaneous"
                           provisions derived from title V of the Act that involve issues such as retaliation and
                           coercion against those asserting ADA rights, illegal use of drugs, and restrictions on
                           smoking. These provisions are also included in the Department 's proposed title III
                           regulation, as is the general provision on maintenance of accessible features.

                           Subpart C addresses employment by public entities , which is also covered by title I of the
                           Act. Subpart D, which is also based on the section 504 regulations, sets out the
                           requirements for program accessibility in existing facilities and for new construction and
                           alterations . Subpart E contains specific requirements relating to communications.

                           Subpart F establishes administrative procedures for enforcement of title II. As provided
                           by section 203 of the Act, these are based on the procedures for enforcement of section
                           504, which, in turn, are based on the enforcement procedures for title VI of the Civil
                           Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d to 2000d-4a). Subpart F also restates the provisions
                           of title V of the ADA on attorneys fees, alternative means of dispute resolution , the effect
                           of unavailability of technical assistance, and State immunity.

                           Subpart G designates the Federal agencies responsible for investigation of complaints
                           under this part. It assigns enforcement responsibility for particular public entities, on the
                           basis of their major functions, to eight Federal agencies that currently have substantial
                           responsibilities for enforcing section 504 . It provides that the Department of Justice
                           would have enforcement responsibility for all State and local government entities not




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0013702
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           specifically assigned to other designated agencies , but that the Department may further
                           assign specific functions to other agencies . The part would not, however , displace the
                           existing enforcement authorities of the Federal funding agencies under section 504.

                           Regulatory Process Matters.

                           This final rule has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget under
                           Executive Order 12291. The Department is preparing a final regulatory impact analysis
                           (RIA) of this rule and the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board is
                           preparing an RIA for its Americans with Disabilities Act Accessibility Guidelines for
                           Buildings and Facilities (ADAAG) that are incorporated in Appendix A of the
                           Department' s final rule implementing title III of the ADA. Draft copies of both
                           preliminary RIAs are available for comment ; the Department will provide copies of these
                           documents to the public upon request. Commenters are urged to provide additional
                           information as to the costs and benefits associated with this rule . This will facilitate the
                           development of a final RIA by January 1, 1992.

                           The Department 's RIA will evaluate the economic impact of the final rule . Included
                           among those title II provisions that are likely to result in significant economic impact are
                           the requirements for auxiliary aids, barrier removal in existing facilities, and readily
                           accessible new construction and alterations . An analysis of these costs will be included in
                           the RIA.

                           The Preliminary RIA prepared for the notice of proposed rulemaking contained all of the
                           available information that would have been included in a preliminary regulatory
                           flexibility analysis, had one been prepared under the Regulatory Flexibility Act,
                           concerning the rule 's impact on small entities . The final RIA will contain all of the
                           information that is required in a final regulatory flexibility analysis and will serve as such
                           an analysis. Moreover, the extensive notice and comment procedure followed by the
                           Department in the promulgation of this rule , which included public hearings,
                           dissemination of materials, and provision of speakers to affected groups , clearly provided
                           any interested small entities with the notice and opportunity for comment provided for
                           under the Regulatory Flexibility Act procedures.

                           The Department is preparing a statement of the federalism impact of the rule under
                           Executive Order 12612 and will provide copies of this statement on request.

                           The reporting and recordkeeping requirements described in the rule are considered to be
                           information collection requirements as that term is defined by the Office of Management
                           and Budget in 5 CFR Part 1320. Accordingly, those information collection requirements
                           have been submitted to OMB for review pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act.

                           SECTION-BY-SECTION ANALYSIS:

                           Subpart A -- General




                                                                                                                            P RAGS P01 _0013703
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           §35.101 Purpose.

                           Section 35.101 states the purpose of the rule, which is to effectuate subtitle A of title II of
                           the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the Act), which prohibits discrimination on
                           the basis of disability by public entities. This part does not, however, apply to matters
                           within the scope of the authority of the Secretary of Transportation under subtitle B of
                           title II of the Act.

                           §35.102 Application.

                            This provision, specifies that, except as provided in paragraph (b), the regulation applies
                            to all services, programs, and activities provided or made available by public entities, as
                            that term is defined in §35.104. Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973(29 U.S.C.
                           .794), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of handicap in federally assisted
                           -programs and activities, already covers those programs and activities of public entities
                            that receive Federal financial assistance. Title 11 of the ADA.extends this prohibition of
                            discrimination to include all services, programs, and activities provided or made available
                            by State and local governments or any of their instrumentalities or agencies, regardless of
                            the receipt of Federal financial assistance. Except as provided in §35.134, this part does
                            not apply to private entities.

                           The scope of title II's coverage of public entities is comparable to the coverage of Federal
                           Executive agencies under the 1978 amendment to section 504, which extended section
                           504's application to all programs and activities "conducted by" Federal Executive
                           agencies , in that title 11 applies to anything a public entity does. Title II coverage,
                           however, is not limited to "Executive" agencies , but includes activities of the legislative
                           and judicial branches of State and local governments. All governmental activities of
                           public entities are covered, even if they are carried out by contractors. For example, a
                           State is obligated by title II to ensure that the services, programs, and activities of a State
                           park inn operated under contract by a private entity are in compliance with title I l's
                           requirements. The private entity operating the inn would also be subject to the obligations
                           of public accommodations under title III of the Act and the Department' s title III
                           regulations at 28 CFR Part 36.

                           Aside from employment, which is also covered by title I of the Act, there are two major
                           categories of programs or activities covered by this regulation: those involving general
                           public contact as part of ongoing operations of the entity and those directly administered
                           by the entities for program beneficiaries and participants. Activities in the first category
                           include communication with the public (telephone contacts, office walk-ins, or
                           interviews) and the public's use of the entity's facilities. Activities in the second category
                           include programs that provide State or local government services or benefits.

                           Paragraph (b) of §35.102 explains that to the extent that the public transportation
                           services, programs, and activities of public entities are covered by subtitle B of title II of
                           the Act, they are subject to the regulation of the Department of Transportation (DOT) at
                           49 CFR Part 37, and are not covered by this pail. The Department of Transportation's




                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013704
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            ADA regulation establishes specific requirements for construction of transportation
                            facilities and acquisition of vehicles. Matters not covered by subtitle B, such as the
                            provision of auxiliary aids, are covered by this-rule . For example, activities that are
                            covered by the Department of Transportation 's regulation implementing subtitle B are not
                            required to be included in the self-evaluation required by §35. 105. In addition , activities
                            not specifically addressed by DOT's ADA regulation may be covered by DOT's
                            regulation implementing section 504 for its federally assisted programs and activities at
                            49 CFR Part 27. Like other programs of public entities that are also recipients of Federal
                            financial assistance, those programs would be covered by both the section 504 regulation
                            and this part. Although airports operated by public entities are not subject to DOT's ADA
                            regulation, they are subject to subpart A of title II and to this rule.

                            Some commenters asked for clarification about the responsibilities of public school
                            systems under section 504 and the ADA with respect to programs, services, and activities
                            that are not covered by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA),
                            including, for example, programs open to parents or to the public, graduation ceremonies,
                            parent-teacher organization meetings, plays and other events open to the public, and adult
                            education classes. Public school systems must comply with the ADA in all of their
                            services, programs, or activities, including those that are open to parents or to the public.
                            For instance, public school systems must provide program accessibility to parents and
                            guardians with disabilities to these programs, activities, or services, and appropriate
                            auxiliary aids and services whenever necessary to ensure effective communication, as
                            long as the provision of the auxiliary aids results neither in an undue burden or in a
                            fundamental alteration of the program.

                            §35.103 Relationship to other laws.

                           Section 35.103 is derived from sections 501(a) and (b) of the ADA. Paragraph (a) of this
                           section provides that, except as otherwise specifically provided by this part, title iI of the
                           ADA is not intended to apply lesser standards than are required under title V of the
                           Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 790-94), or the regulations
                           implementing that title. The standards of title V of the Rehabilitation Act apply for
                           purposes of the ADA to the extent that the ADA has not explicitly adopted a different
                           standard than title V. Because title II of the ADA essentially extends the
                           antidiscrimination prohibition embodied in section 504 to all actions of State and local
                           governments, the standards adopted in this part are generally the same as those required
                           under section 504 for federally assisted programs. Title II, however, also incorporates
                           those provisions of titles I and III of the ADA that are not inconsistent with the
                           regulations implementing section 504. Judiciary Committee report, H.R. Rep. No. 485,
                            101st Cong., 2d Sess., pt.3, at 51 (1990) [hereinafter "Judiciary report"]; Education and
                           Labor Committee report, H.R. Rep. No. 485, 101st Cong., 2d Sess., pt. 2, at 84 (1990)
                           [hereinafter "Education and Labor report"]. Therefore, this part also includes appropriate
                           provisions derived from the regulations implementing those titles. The inclusion of
                           specific language in this part, however, should not be interpreted as an indication that a
                           requirement is not included under a regulation implementing section 504.




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013705
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Paragraph (b) makes clear that Congress did not intend to displace any of the rights or
                           remedies provided by other Federal laws (including section 504) or other State laws
                           (including State common law) that provide greater or equal protection to individuals with
                           disabilities. As discussed above, the standards adopted by title II of the ADA for State
                           and local government services are generally the same as those required under section 504
                           for federally assisted programs and activities. Subpart F of the regulation establishes
                           compliance procedures for processing complaints covered by both this part and section
                           504.

                           With respect to State law, a plaintiff may choose to pursue claims under a State law that
                           does not confer greater substantive rights, or even confers fewer substantive rights, if the
                           alleged violation is protected under the alternative law and the remedies are greater. For
                           example, a person with a physical disability could seek damages under a State law that
                           allows compensatory and punitive damages for discrimination on the basis of physical
                           disability, but not on the basis of mental disability. In that situation, the State law would
                           provide narrower coverage, by excluding mental disabilities, but broader remedies, and
                           an individual covered by both laws could choose to bring an action under both laws.
                           Moreover, State tort claims confer greater remedies and are not preempted by the ADA.
                           A plaintiff may join a State tort claim to a case brought under the ADA. In such a case,
                           the plaintiff must, of course, prove all the elements of the State tort claim in order to
                           prevail under that cause of action.

                           §35.104 Definitions.

                           "Act." The word "Act" is used in this part to refer to the Americans with Disabilities Act
                           of 1990, Pub. L. 101-336, which is also referred to as the "ADA."

                           "Assistant Attorney General." The term "Assistant Attorney General" refers to the
                           Assistant Attorney General of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice.

                           "Auxiliary aids and services." Auxiliary aids and services include a wide range of
                           services and devices for ensuring effective communication. The proposed definition in
                           §35.104 provided a list of examples of auxiliary aids and services that was taken from the
                           definition of auxiliary aids and services in section 3(1) of the ADA and was
                           supplemented by examples from regulations implementing section 504 in federally
                           conducted programs (see 28 CFR 39.103).

                           A substantial number of commenters suggested that additional examples be added to this
                           list. The Department has added several items to this list but wishes to clarify that the list
                           is not an all-inclusive or exhaustive catalogue of possible or available auxiliary aids or
                           services. It is not possible to provide an exhaustive list, and an attempt to do so would
                           omit the new devices that will become available with emerging technology.

                           Subparagraph ( 1) lists several examples, which would be considered auxiliary aids and
                           services to make aurally delivered materials available to individuals with hearing
                           impairments. The Department has changed the phrase used in the proposed rules, "orally




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           delivered materials," to the statutory phrase, " aurally delivered materials ," to track section
                           3 of the ADA and to include non-verbal sounds and alarms, and computer generated
                           speech.

                           The Department has added videotext displays , transcription services , and closed and open
                           captioning to the list of examples . Videotext displays have become an important means of
                           accessing auditory communications through a public address system . Transcription
                           services are used to relay aurally delivered material almost simultaneously in written
                           form to persons who are deaf or hearing -impaired. This technology is often used at
                           conferences, conventions, and hearings. While the proposed rule expressly included
                           television decoder equipment as an auxiliary aid or service, it did not mention captioning
                           itself. The final rule rectifies this omission by mentioning both closed and open
                           captioning.

                           Several persons and organizations requested that the Department replace the term
                           "telecommunications devices for deaf persons " or "TDD's" with the term "text
                           telephone." The Department has declined to do so. The Department is aware that the
                           Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board (ATBCB) has used the
                           phrase "text telephone" in lieu of the statutory term "TDD" in its final accessibility
                           guidelines . Title IV of the ADA, however, uses the term "Telecommunications Device
                           for the Deaf' and the Department believes it would be inappropriate to abandon this
                           statutory term at this time.

                           Several commenters urged the Department to include in the definition of "auxiliary aids
                           and services " devices that are now available or that may become available with emerging
                           technology. The Department declines to do so in the rule. The Department, however,
                           emphasizes that, although the definition would include "state of the art" devices, public
                           entities are not required to use the newest or most advanced technologies as long as the
                           auxiliary aid or service that is selected affords effective communication.

                           Subparagraph (2) lists examples of aids and services for making visually delivered
                           materials accessible to persons with visual impairments . Many commenters proposed
                           additional examples , such as signage or mapping , audio description services, secondary
                           auditory programs, telebraillers, and reading machines. While the Department declines to
                           add these items to the list, they are auxiliary aids and services and may be appropriate
                           depending on the circumstances.

                           Subparagraph (3) refers to acquisition or modification of equipment or devices. Several
                           commenters suggested the addition of current technological innovations in
                           microelectronics and computerized control systems (e.g., voice recognition systems,
                           automatic dialing telephones, and infrared elevator and light control systems ) to the list of
                           auxiliary aids. The Department interprets auxiliary aids and services as those aids and
                           services designed to provide effective communications, i.e., making aurally and visually
                           delivered information available to persons with hearing, speech, and vision impairments.
                           Methods of making services, programs, or activities accessible to, or usable by,
                           individuals with mobility or manual dexterity impairments are addressed by other
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           sections of this part, including the provision for modifications in policies, practices, or
                           procedures (§ 35.I30(bx7)).

                           Paragraph (b)(4) deals with other similar services and actions . Several commenters asked
                           for clarification that "similar services and actions " include retrieving items from shelves,
                           assistance in reaching a marginally accessible seat, pushing a barrier aside in order to
                           provide an accessible route, or assistance in removing a sweater or coat . While retrieving
                           an item from a shelf might be an "auxiliary aid or service " for a blind person who could
                           not locate the item without assistance , it might be a method of providing program access
                           for a person using a wheelchair who could not reach the shelf , or a reasonable
                           modification to a self- service policy for an individual who lacked the ability to grasp the
                           item. As explained above, auxiliary aids and services are those aids and services required
                           to provide effective communications . Other forms of assistance are more appropriately
                           addressed by other provisions of the final rule.

                           "Complete complaint." "Complete complaint " is defined to include all the information
                           necessary to enable the Federal agency designated under subpart G as responsible for
                           investigation of a complaint to initiate its investigation.

                            "Current illegal use of drugs." The phrase " current illegal use of drugs" is used in
                            §35.131. Its meaning is discussed in the preamble for that section.

                           "Designated agency." The term "designated agency " is used to refer to the Federal agency
                           designated under subpart G of this rule as responsible for carrying out the administrative
                           enforcement responsibilities established by subpart F of the rule.

                           "Disability." The definition of the term "disability" is the same as the definition in the
                           title III regulation codified at 28 CFR Part 36 . It is comparable to the definition of the
                           term "individual with handicaps " in section 7(8) of the Rehabilitation Act and section
                           802(h) of the Fair Housing Act. The Education and Labor Committee report makes clear
                           that the analysis of the term " individual with handicaps" by the Department of Health,
                           Education, and Welfare ( HEW) in its regulations implementing section 504 (42 FR
                           22685 (May 4 , 1977)) and the analysis by the Department of Housing and Urban
                           Development in its regulation implementing the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988
                           (54 FR 3232 (Jan. 23, 1989 )) should also apply fully to the term " disability " (Education
                           and Labor report at 50).

                           The use of the term " disability" instead of " handicap" and the term " individual with a
                           disability" instead of "individual with handicaps " represents an effort by Congress to
                           make use of up-to-date, currently accepted terminology . As with racial and ethnic
                           epithets, the choice of terms to apply to a person with a disability is overlaid with
                           stereotypes, patronizing attitudes, and other emotional connotations . Many individuals
                           with disabilities, and organizations representing such individuals , object to the use of
                           such terms as "handicapped person " or "the handicapped ." In other recent legislation,
                           Congress also recognized this shift in terminology , e.g., by changing the name of the




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0013708
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           National Council on the Handicapped to the National Council on Disability (Pub. L. 100-
                           630).

                           In enacting the Americans with Disabilities Act, Congress concluded that it was
                           important for the current legislation to use terminology most in line with the sensibilities
                           of most Americans with disabilities . No change in definition or substance is intended nor
                           should one be attributed to this change in phraseology.

                           The term "disability"means, with, respect to an individual`-


                           (A)A physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more of the major
                           life activities of such individual;

                           (B) A record of such an impairment, or

                           (C) Being regarded as having such an impairment.

                           If an individual meets anyone of these three tests, he or she is considered to be an
                           individual with a.disability for purposes of coverage under the Americans with
                           Disabilities Act.

                           Congress adopted this same basic definition of "disability," first used in the
                           Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and in the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, for a
                           number of reasons. First, it has worked well since it was adopted in 1974. Second, it
                           would not be possible to guarantee comprehensiveness by providing a list of specific
                           disabilities , especially because new disorders may be recognized in the future , as they
                           have since the definition was first established in 1974.

                           Test A -- A physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more of the
                           major life activities of such individual

                           Physical or mental impairment . Under the first test, an individual must have a physical or
                           mental impairment . As explained in paragraph ( 1)(i) of the definition , "impairment"
                           means any physiological . disorder or condition, cosmetic disfigurement, or anatomical
                           loss affecting one or more of the following body systems : neurological; musculoskeletal;
                           special sense organs (which would include speech organs that are not respiratory such as
                           vocal cords, soft palate, tongue, etc.); respiratory , including speech organs;
                           cardiovascular ; reproductive; digestive; genitourinary ; hemic and lymphatic; skin; and
                           endocrine. It also means any mental or psychological disorder, such as mental
                           retardation , organic brain syndrome, emotional or mental illness , and specific learning
                           disabilities. This list closely tracks the one used in the regulations for section 504 of the
                           Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (see, e.g., 45 CFR 84 . 3(j)(2)(i)).

                           Many commenters asked that " traumatic brain injury" be added to the list in paragraph
                           (l)(i). Traumatic brain injury is already included because it is a physiological condition
                           affecting one-of the listed body systems, i.e., "neurological ." Therefore, it was




                                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1 _0013709
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           unnecessary to add the term to the regulation , which only provides representative
                           examples of physiological disorders.

                           It is not possible to include a list of all the specific conditions, contagious and
                           noncontagious diseases, or infections that would constitute physical or mental
                           impairments because of the difficulty of ensuring the comprehensiveness of such a list,
                           particularly in light of the fact that other conditions or disorders may be identified in the
                           future. However, the list of examples in paragraph (1)(11) of the definition includes:
                           orthopedic, visual, speech and hearing impairments, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, muscular
                           dystrophy, multiple-sclerosis, cancer, heart disease, diabetes, mental retardation,
                           emotional illness , specific learnin disabilities; HIV disease (symptomatic or
                           asymptomatic), tuberculosis , The phrase "symptomatic or
                           asymptomatic" was inserted in the final rule after "HIV disease" in response to
                           commenters who suggested the clarification was necessary.

                           The examples of "physical or mental impairments " in paragraph (1)(ii) are the same as
                           those contained in many section 504 regulations , except for the addition of the phrase
                           "contagious and noncontagious " to describe the types of diseases and conditions
                           included, and the addition of "HIV disease ( symptomatic or asymptomatic)" and
                           "tuberculosis " to the list of examples. These additions are based on the committee
                           reports, caselaw, and official legal opinions interpreting section 504 . In School Board of
                           Nassau County v. Arline, 480 U.S. 273 (1987), a case involving an individual with
                           tuberculosis , the Supreme Court held that people with contagious diseases are entitled to
                           the protections afforded by section 504. Following the Arline decision, this Department's
                           Office of Legal Counsel issued a legal opinion that concluded that symptomatic HIV
                           disease is an impairment that substantially limits a major life activity; therefore it has
                           been included in the definition of disability under this part. The opinion also concluded
                           that asymptomatic HIV disease is an impairment that substantially limits a major life
                           activity, either because of its actual effect on the individual with HIV disease or because
                           the reactions of other people to individuals with HIV disease cause such individuals to be
                           treated as though they are disabled. See Memorandum from Douglas W. Kmiec, Acting
                           Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Counsel, Department of Justice, to Arthur B.
                           Culvahouse, Jr., Counsel to the President (Sept. 27, 1988 ), reprinted in Hearings on S.
                           933, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Before the Subcomm. on the Handicapped of
                           the Senate Comm. on Labor and Human Resources, 101st. Cong., 1st Sess . 346 (1989).

                           Paragraph ( 1)(iii) states that the phrase " physical or mental impairment" does not include
                           homosexuality or bisexuality . These conditions were never considered impairments under
                           other Federal disability laws . Section 511 (a) of the statute makes clear that they are
                           likewise not to be considered impairments under the Americans with Disabilities Act.

                           Physical or mental impairment does not include simple physical characteristics , such as
                           blue eyes or black hair.

                           Nor does it include environmental , cultural , economic, or other disadvantages, such as
                           having a prison record , or being poor.




                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPOI_0013710
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            Nor is age a disability . Similarly, the definition does not include common personality
                            traits such as poor judgment or a quick temper where these are not symptoms of a mental
                            or psychological disorder. However, a person who has these characteristics and also has a
                            physical or mental impairment may be considered as having a disability for purposes of
                            the Americans with Disabilities Act based on the impairment.

                            Substantial limitation of a major life activity. Under Test A, the impairment must be one
                            that "substantially limits a major life activity." Major life activities include such things as
                            caring for one's self, performing manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, speaking,
                            breathing, learning, and working.

                           For example, a person who is paraplegic is substantially limited in the major life activity
                           of walking, a person who is blind is substantially limited in the major life activity of
                           seeing, and a person who is mentally retarded is substantially limited in the major life
                           activity of learning. A person with traumatic brain injury is substantially limited in the
                           major life activities of caring for one's self, learning, and working because of memory
                           deficit, confusion, contextual difficulties, and inability to reason appropriately.

                           A person is considered an individual with a disability for purposes of Test A, the first
                           prong of the definition , when the individual 's important life activities are restricted as to
                           the conditions, manner, or duration under which they can be performed in comparison to
                           most people. A person with a minor, trivial impairment, such as a simple infected finger,
                           is not impaired in a major life activity. A person who can walk for 10 miles continuously
                           is not substantially limited in walking merely because , on the eleventh mile, he or she
                           begins to experience pain, because most people would not be able to walk eleven miles
                           without experiencing some discomfort.

                           The Department received many comments on the proposed rule's inclusion of the word
                           "temporary" in the definition of "disability." The preamble indicated that impairments are
                           not necessarily excluded from the definition of "disability" simply because they are
                           temporary, but that the duration, or expected duration, of an impairment is one factor that
                           may properly be considered in determining whether the impairment substantially limits a
                           major life activity. The preamble recognized, however, that temporary impairments, such
                           as a broken leg, are not commonly regarded as disabilities , and only in rare circumstances
                           would the degree of the limitation and its expected duration be substantial. Nevertheless,
                           many commenters objected to inclusion of the word "temporary" both because it is not in
                           the statute and because it is not contained in the definition of "disability" set forth in the
                           title I regulations of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). The word
                           "temporary" has been deleted from the final rule to conform with the statutory language.

                           The question of whether a temporary impairment is a disability must be resolved on a
                           case-by-case basis, taking into consideration both the duration (or expected duration) of
                           the impairment and the extent to which it actually limits a major life activity of the
                           affected individual.




                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_001371I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           The question of whether a person has a disability should be assessed without regard to the
                           availability of mitigating measures, such as reasonable modifications or auxiliary aids
                           and services. For example, a person with hearing loss is substantially limited in the major
                           life activity of hearing, even though the loss may be improved through the use of a
                           hearing aid. Likewise, persons with impairments, such as epilepsy or diabetes, that
                           substantially limit a major life activity, are covered under the first prong of the definition
                           of disability, even if the effects of the impairment are controlled by medication.

                           Many commenters asked that environmental illness (also known as multiple chemical
                           sensitivity) as well as allergy to cigarette smoke be recognized as disabilities. The
                           Department, however, declines to state categorically that these the determination as to
                           whether an impairment is a disability depends on whether, given the particular
                           circumstances at issue, the impairment substantially limits one or more major life
                           activities (or has a history of, or is regarded as having such an effect).

                           Sometimes respiratory or neurological functioning is so severely affected that an
                           individual will satisfy the requirements to be considered disabled under the regulation.
                           Such an individual would be entitled to all of the protections afforded by the Act and this
                           part. In other cases, individuals may be sensitive to environmental elements or to smoke
                           but their sensitivity will not rise to the level needed to constitute a disability. For
                           example, their major life activity of breathing may be somewhat, but not substantially,
                           impaired. In such circumstances, the individuals are not disabled and are not entitled to
                           the protections of the statute despite their sensitivity to environmental agents.

                           In sum, the determination as to whether allergies to cigarette smoke, or allergies or
                           sensitivities characterized by the commenters as environmental illness are disabilities
                           covered by the regulation must be made using the same case-by-case analysis that is
                           applied to all other physical or mental impairments. Moreover, the addition of specific
                           regulatory provisions relating to environmental illness in the final rule would be
                           inappropriate at this time pending future consideration of the issue by the Architectural
                           and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board, the Environmental Protection Agency,
                           and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the Department of Labor.

                           Test B - A record of such an impairment

                           This test is intended to cover those who have a record of an impairment. As explained in
                           paragraph (3) of the rule's definition of disability, this includes aperson who has a history
                           of an impairment that substantially limited a major life activity; such as someone who has
                           recovered from an impairment. It also includes persons who have been misclassified as
                           having an impairment.

                           This provision is included in the definition in part to protect individuals who have
                           recovered from a physical or mental impairment that previously substantially limited
                           them in .a major life activity.
                                       Frequently occurring examples of the first group (those who have ahistory'of
                           an impairment) are persons with histories of mental or emotional illness, heart disease, or




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013712
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           cancer; examples of the second group(those who have. been misclassified as having an
                           impairment) are persons who have `been misclassified as having mental retardation or
                           mental i1"lness.

                           Test C -- Being regarded as having such an impairment

                           This test, as contained in paragraph (4) of the definition, is intended to cover persons who
                           are treated by a public entity as having a physical or mental impairment that substantially
                           limits a major life activity. It applies when a person is treated as if he or she has an
                           impairment that substantially limits a major life activity, regardless of whether that
                           person has an impairment.

                           The Americans with Disabilities Act uses the same " regarded as" test set forth in the
                           regulations implementing section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. See, e. g., 28 CFR
                           42.540(k)(2)(iv), which provides:

                           (iv) "Is regarded as having an impairment " means (A) Has a physical or mental
                           impairment that does not substantially limit major life activities but that is treated by a
                           recipient as constituting such a limitation; (B) Has a physical or mental impairment that
                           substantially limits major life activities only as a result of the attitudes of others toward
                           such impairment ; or (C) Has none of the impairments defined in paragraph (k)(2)(i) of
                           this section but is treated by a recipient as having such an impairment.

                           The perception of the covered entity is a key element of this test . A person who perceives
                           himself or herself to have an impairment , but does not have an impairment, and is not
                           treated as if he or she has an impairment , is not protected under this test.

                           A person would be covered under this test if a public entity refused to serve the person
                           because it perceived that the person had an impairment that limited his or her enjoyment
                           of the goods or services being offered.

                           For example, persons with severe burns often encounter discrimination in community
                           activities, resulting in substantial limitation of major life activities . These persons would
                           be covered under this test based on the attitudes of others towards the impairment , even if
                           they did not view themselves as "impaired."

                           The rationale for this third test, as used in the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, wasarticulated
                           by the Supreme Court in Arline, 480 U.S. 273 (1987). The Court noted that although an
                           individual may have an impairment that does not in fact substantially limit a major life
                           activity, the, reaction. of others may prove just as disabling:,"


                                                     ." Id. at 283. The Court concluded; that, b
                           the Rehabilitation Act's definition, " Congress acknowledged that




                                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1 _0013713
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Thus, a person who is denied services or benefits by a public entity because of myths,
                           fears, and stereotypes associated with disabilities. would be covered under this third test
                           whether-or not the person 's physical or mental condition would be considered a disability
                           under the first or second test in the:definition.

                           If a person is refused admittance on the basis of an actual or perceived physical or mental
                           condition, and the public entity can articulate no legitimate reason for the refusal (such as
                           failure to meet eligibility criteria), a perceived 'concern about admitting persons with
                           disabilities could be inferred and the individual would qualify for coverage under the
                           "regarded as " test. A person who is covered because of being regarded as having an
                           impairment is not required to show that the public entity' s perception is inaccurate (e.g.,
                           that he will be accepted by others) in order to receive benefits from the public entity.

                           Paragraph (5) of the definition lists certain conditions that are not included within the
                           definition of"disability ." The excluded conditions are: transvestism, transsexualism,
                           pedophilia, exhibitionism , voyeurism, gender identity disorders not resulting from
                           physical impairments, other sexual behavior disorders, compulsive gambling,
                           kleptomania, pyromania, and psychoactive substance use disorders resulting from current
                           illegal use of drugs . Unlike homosexuality and bisexuality, which are not considered
                           impairments under either section 504 or the Americans with Disabilities Act (see the
                           definition of "disability," paragraph ( 1)(iv)), the conditions listed in paragraph (5), except
                           for transvestism, are not necessarily excluded as impairments under section 504.
                           (Transvestism was excluded from the definition of disability for section 504 by the Fair
                           Housing Amendments Act of 1988 , Pub. L. 100-430, section 6(b)).

                           "Drug." The definition of the term " drug" is taken from section 510 (d)(2) of the ADA.

                           "Facility." " Facility" means all or any portion of buildings , structures, sites, complexes,
                           equipment, rolling stock or other conveyances , roads, walks , passageways , parking lots,
                           or other real or personal property, including the site where the building , property,
                           structure, or equipment is located . It includes both indoor and outdoor areas where
                           human-constructed improvements , structures, equipment, or property have been added to
                           the natural environment.

                           Commenters raised questions about the applicability of this part to activities operated in
                           mobile facilities, such as bookmobiles or mobile health screening units. Such activities
                           would be covered by the requirement for program accessibility in §35.150 , and would be
                           included in the definition of "facility" as "other real or personal property ," although
                           standards for new construction and alterations of such facilities are not yet included in the
                           accessibility standards adopted by §35.151. Sections 35.150 and 35 . 151 specifically
                           address the obligations of public entities to ensure accessibility by providing curb ramps
                           at pedestrian walkways.

                           "Historic preservation programs " and "Historic properties " are defined in order to aid in
                           the interpretation of §35 . 150(a)(2) and (b)(2), which relate to accessibility of historic




                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0013714
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           preservation programs , and §35 . 151(d), which relates to the alteration of historic
                           properties.

                           "Illegal use of drugs ." The definition of "illegal use of drugs" is taken from section
                           510(dxl) of the Act and clarifies that the term includes the illegal use of one or more
                           drugs.

                           "Individual with a disability" means a person who has a disability but does not include an
                           individual who is currpntlyillegally using drugs, when the public entity acts on the basis
                                                       ,
                           of such use. The phrase "current illegal use of drugs " is explained in §35.131.

                           "Public entity." The term "public entity" is defined in accordance with section 201(1) of
                           the ADA as any State or local government; any department, agency, special purpose
                           district, or other instrumentality of a State or States or local government; or the National
                           Railroad Passenger Corporation, and any, commuter authority (as defined in section
                           103(8) of the Rail Passenger Service Act).

                           "Qualified individual with a disability." The definition of "qualified individual with a
                           disability" is taken from section 201(2) of t.heAct, which is derived from the definition of
                            qualified handicapped person" in the Department of Health and Human Services'
                           regulation implementing section 504(45CFR §84. 3(k)). It combines the definition at 45
                           CFR 84.3(k)(1) for employment ("a handicapped person who, with reasonable
                           accommodation, can perform the essential functions of the job in question") with the
                           definition for other services at 45 CFR 84.3(k)( 4) ("a handicapped person who meets the
                           essential eligibility requirements. for the receipt of such services").

                           Some commenters requested clarification of the term " essential eligibility requirements."
                           Because of the variety of situations in which an individual's qualifications will be at
                           issue, it is not possible to include more specific criteria in the definition . The "essential
                           eligibility requirements" for participation in some activities covered under this part may
                           be minimal . For example, most public entities provide information about their operations
                           as a public service to anyone who requests it. In such situations , the only "eligibility
                           requirement" for receipt of such information would be the request for it . Where such
                           information is provided by telephone , even the ability to use a voice telephone is not an
                           "essential eligibility requirement ," because §35 . 161 requires a public entity to provide
                           equally effective telecommunication systems for individuals with impaired hearing or
                           speech.

                           For other activities, identification of the "essential eligibility requirements " may be more
                           complex. Where questions of safety are involved, the principles established in §36.208 of
                           the Department's regulation implementing title III of the ADA, to be codified at 28 CFR
                           Part .36 will be applicable. That section implements section 302(b)(3) of the Act, which
                           provides that a public accommodation is not required to permit an individual to
                           participate in or benefit from the goods, services, facilities , privileges, advantages and
                           accommodations of the public accommodation, if that individual poses a                      o
                           the health or safety of others.




                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0013715
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           A                  is a significant risk to the health or safety of others that. cannotbe
                           eliminated bya modification- of policies, practices, or procedures, Qr by the provision of
                           auxiliary aids or services. In .School Board of Nassau County v. Arline, 480 U.S. 273
                           (1987), the Supreme Court recognized that there is a need to balance the interests of
                           people with disabilities against legitimate concerns for public safety. Although persons
                           with disabilities are generally entitled to the protecjtgn of this=part, ;a person who poses a
                           signficattt xsk to others will not be "gltficV`
                                 i




                                                              This is' Itestestablished by the Supreme Court in
                           Arline. Such an'inquiry is essential if the law' is to achieve its goal of protecting disabled
                           individuals from discrimination based on prejudice, stereotypes, or unfounded fear, while
                           giving appropriate weight to legitimate concerns, such as the need to avoid exposing
                           others to significant health and safety risks. Making this assessment will not usually
                           require the services of a physician. Sources for medical knowledge include guidance
                           from public health authorities, such as the U.S. Public Health Service, the Centers for
                           Disease Control, and the National Institutes of Health, including the National institute of
                           Mental Health:

                           "Qualified interpreter ." The Department received substantial comment regarding the lack
                           of a definition of "qualified interpreter." The proposed rule defined auxiliary aids and
                           services to include the statutory term, "qualified interpreters " (§35.104 ), but did not
                           define it. Section 35 . 160 requires the use of auxiliary aids including qualified interpreters
                           and commenters stated that a lack of guidance on what the term means would create
                           confusion among those trying to secure interpreting services and often result in less than
                           effective communication.

                           Many commenters were concerned that, without clear guidance on the issue of
                           "qualified" interpreter, the rule would be interpreted to mean "available , rather than
                           qualified " interpreters . Some claimed that few public entities would understand the
                           difference between a qualified interpreter and a person who simply knows a few signs or
                           how to fingerspell.

                           In order to clarify what is meant by "qualified interpreter " the Department has added a
                           definition of the term to the final rule . A qualified interpreter means an interpreter who is
                           able to interpret .effectively, accurately, and impartially both receptively and expressively,
                           using any necessary specialized vocabulary. This definition focuses on the actual ability
                           of the interpreter in a particular interpreting context to facilitate effective communication
                           between the public entity and the individual with disabilities.




                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0013716
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                            Public comment also revealed that public entities have at times asked persons who are
                            deaf to provide family members or friends to interpret. In certain circumstances,
                            notwithstanding that the family member of friend is able to interpret or is a certified
                            interpreter, the family member or friend may not be qualified to render the necessary
                            interpretation because of factors such as emotional or personal involvement or
                            considerations of confidentiality that may adversely affect the ability to interpret
                            "effectively, accurately, and impartially."

                            The definition of "qualified interpreter" in this rule does not invalidate or limit standards
                            for interpreting services of any State or local law that are equal to or more stringent than
                            those imposed by this definition. For instance, the definition would not supersede any
                            requirement of State law for use of a certified interpreter in court proceedings.

                            "Section 504." The Department added a definition of "section 504" because the term is
                            used extensively in subpart F of this part.

                           "State." The definition of "State" is identical to the statutory definition in section 3(3) of
                           the ADA.

                            §35.105 Self-evaluation.

                           Section 35 . 105 establishes a requirement, based on the section 504 regulations for
                           federally assisted and federally conducted programs, that a public entity evaluate its
                           current policies and practices to identify and correct any that are not consistent with the
                           requirements of this part. As noted in the discussion of §35.102, activities covered by the
                           Department. of Transportation's regulation implementing subtitle B of title II are not
                           required to be included in the self-evaluation required by this section.

                           Experience has demonstrated the self-evaluation process to be a valuable means of
                           establishing a working relationship with individuals with disabilities, which has promoted
                           both effective and efficient implementation of section 504. The Department expects that
                           it will likewise be useful to public entities newly covered by the ADA.

                                                                                    . However, only those that employ
                           50 or more persons are required to maintain the self- evaluation on file and make it
                           available for public inspection for three years. The number 50 was derived from the
                           Department of Justice's section 504 regulations for federally assisted programs, 28 CFR
                           42.505(c). The Department received comments critical of this limitation, some suggesting
                           the requirement apply to all public entities and others suggesting that the number be
                           changed from 50 to 15. The final rule has not been changed. Although many regulations
                           implementing section 504 for federally assisted programs do use 15 employees as the cut-
                           off for this record-keeping requirement, the Department believes that it would be
                           inappropriate to extend it to those smaller public entities covered by this regulation that
                           do not receive Federal financial assistance. This approach has the benefit of minimizing
                           paperwork burdens on small entities.




                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013717
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Paragraph (d) provides that the self-evaluation - required by this section shall apply only to
                           programs not subject to section 504 or those policies and practices , such as those
                           involving communications access, that have not already been included in a self-
                           evaluation required under an existing regulation implementing section 504 . Because most
                           self-evaluations were done from five to twelve years ago, however , the Department
                           expects that a great many public entities will be reexamining all of their policies and
                           programs . Programs and functions may have changed, and actions that were supposed to
                           have been taken to comply with section 504 may not have been fully implemented or
                           may no longer be effective . In addition, there have been statutory amendments to section
                           504 which have changed the coverage of section 504, particularly the Civil Rights
                           Restoration Act of 1987, Pub. L. No. 100-259, 102 Stat. 28 (1988), which broadened the
                           definition of a covered " program or activity."

                           Several commenters suggested that the Department clarify public entities' liability during
                           the one-year period for compliance with the self-evaluation requirement. The self-
                           evaluation requirement does not stay the effective date of the statute nor of this part.
                           Public entities are, therefore, not shielded from discrimination claims during that time.

                           Other commenters suggested that the rule require that every self-evaluation include an
                           examination of training efforts to assure that individuals with disabilities are not
                           subjected to discrimination because of insensitivity, particularly in the law enforcement
                           area. Although the Department has not added such a specific requirement to the rule, it
                           would be appropriate for public entities to evaluate training efforts because, in many
                           cases, lack of training leads to discriminatory practices, even when the policies in place
                           are nondiscriminatory.

                           §35.106 Notice.

                           Section 35.106 requires a public entity to disseminate sufficient information to
                           applicants, participants, beneficiaries, and other interested persons to inform them of the
                           rights and protections afforded by the ADA and this regulation. Methods of providing
                           this information include, for example, the publication of information in handbooks,
                           manuals, and pamphlets that are distributed to the public to describe a public entity's
                           programs and activities; the display of informative posters in service centers and other
                           public places; or the broadcast of information by television or radio. In providing the
                           notice, a public entity must comply with the requirements for effective communication in
                           §35.160. The preamble to that section gives guidance on how to effectively communicate
                           with individuals with disabilities.

                           §35.107 Designation of responsible employee and adoption of grievance procedures.

                          Consistent with §35.105, Self-evaluation, the final rule requires that public entities with
                          50 or more employees designate a responsible employee and adopt grievance procedures.
                          Most of the commenters who suggested that the requirement that self-evaluation be
                          maintained on file for three years not be limited to those employing 50 or more persons
                          made a similar suggestion concerning §35.107. Commenters recommended either that all




                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP0I_0013718
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           public entities be subject to section 35.107, or that "50 or more persons " be changed to
                           "15 or more persons." As explained in the discussion of §35. 105, the Department has not
                           adopted this suggestion.

                           The requirement for designation of an employee responsible for coordination of efforts to
                           carry out responsibilities under this part is derived from the HEW regulation
                           implementing section 504 in federally assisted programs. The requirement for
                           designation of a particular employee and dissemination of information about how to
                           locate that employee helps to ensure that individuals dealing with large agencies are able
                           to easily find a responsible person who is familiar with the requirements of the Act and
                           this part and can communicate those requirements to other individuals in the agency who
                           may be unaware of their responsibilities. This paragraph in no way limits a public entity's
                           obligation to ensure that all of its employees comply with the requirements of this part,
                           but it ensures that any failure by individual employees can be promptly corrected by the
                           designated employee.

                           Section 35.107(b) requires public entities with 50 or more employees to establish
                           grievance procedures for resolving complaints of violations of this part. Similar
                           requirements are found in the section 504 regulations for federally assisted programs
                           (see, e.g., 45 CFR 84.7(b)). The rule, like the regulations for federally assisted programs,
                           provides for investigation and resolution of complaints by a Federal enforcement agency.
                           It is the view of the Department that public entities subject to this part should be required
                           to establish a mechanism for resolution of complaints at the local level without requiring
                           the complainant to resort to the Federal complaint procedures established under subpart
                           F. Complainants would not, however, be required to exhaust the public entity's grievance
                           procedures before filing a complaint under subpart F. Delay in filing the complaint at the
                           Federal level caused by pursuit of the remedies available under the grievance procedure
                           would generally be considered good cause for extending the time allowed for filing under
                           §35.170(b).

                           Subpart B -- General Requirements

                           §35.130 General prohibitions against discrimination.

                           The general prohibitions against discrimination in the rule are generally based on the
                           prohibitions in existing regulations implementing section 504 and, therefore, are already
                           familiar to State and local entities covered by section 504. In addition, §35.130 includes a
                           number of provisions derived from title III of the Act that are implicit to a certain degree
                           in the requirements of regulations implementing section 504.

                           Several commenters suggested that this part should include the section of the proposed
                           title III regulation that implemented section 309 of the Act, which requires that courses
                           and examinations related to applications, licensing, certification, or credentialing be
                           provided in an accessible place and manner or that alternative accessible arrangements be
                           made. The Department has not adopted this suggestion. The requirements of this part,
                           including the general prohibitions of discrimination in this section, the program access




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013719
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           requirements of subpart D, and the communications requirements of subpart E, apply to
                           courses and examinations provided by public entities . The Department considers these
                           requirements to be sufficient to ensure that courses and examinations administered by
                           public entities meet the requirements of section 309. For example, a public entity offering
                           an examination must ensure that modifications of policies , practices, or procedures or the
                           provision of auxiliary aids and services furnish the individual with a disability an equal
                           opportunity to demonstrate his or her knowledge or ability. Also, any examination
                           specially designed for individuals with disabilities must be offered as often and in as
                           timely a manner as are other examinations . Further, under this part, courses and
                           examinations must be offered in the most integrated setting appropriate . The analysis of
                           §35.130(d) is relevant to this determination.

                           A number of commenters asked that the regulation be amended to require training of law
                           enforcement personnel to recognize the difference between criminal activity and the
                           effects of seizures or other disabilities such as mental retardation, cerebral palsy,
                           traumatic brain injury , mental illness , or deafness . Several disabled commenters gave
                           personal statements about the abuse they had received at the hands of law enforcement
                           personnel . Two organizations that commented cited the Judiciary report at 50 as authority
                           to require law enforcement training.

                           The Department has not added such a training requirement to the regulation.
                           Discriminatory arrests and brutal treatment are already unlawful police activities. The
                           general regulatory obligation to modify policies, practices , or procedures requires law
                           enforcement to make changes in policies that result in discriminatory arrests or abuse of
                           individuals with disabilities . Under this section law enforcement personnel would be
                           required to make appropriate efforts to determine whether perceived strange or disruptive
                           behavior or unconsciousness is the result of a disability. The Department notes that a
                           number of States have attempted to address the problem of arresting disabled persons for
                           noncriminal conduct resulting from their disability through adoption of the Uniform
                           Duties to Disabled Persons Act, and encourages other jurisdictions to consider that
                           approach.

                           Paragraph (a) restates the nondiscrimination mandate of section 202 of the ADA. The
                           remaining paragraphs in §35.130 establish the general principles for analyzing whether
                           any particular action of the public entity violates this mandate.

                          Paragraph (b) prohibits overt denials of equal treatment of individuals with disabilities. A
                          public entity may not refuse to provide an individual with a disability with an equal
                          opportunity to participate in or benefit from its program simply because the person has a
                          disability.

                          Paragraph (b)(1)(i) provides that it is discriminatory to deny a person with a disability the
                          right to participate in or benefit from the aid, benefit, or service; provided by a public
                          entity. Paragraph (bxl)(ii) provides that the aids, benefits, and services provided to
                          persons with disabilities must be equal to those provided to others , and paragraph
                          (b)(I)(iii) requires that the aids; benefits, or services provided to individuals with




                                                                                                                          PRA GSPOI_0013720
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           disabilities must be as effective in affording equal opportunity to obtain the same result;
                           to gain the same benefit, or to reach the same level of achievement as those provided to
                           others, These paragraphs are taken from the regulations implementing section 504 and
                           simply restate. principles. long established under section 504.'

                           Paragraph (b)(1)(iv) permits the public entity to develop separate or different aids,
                           benefits, or services when necessary to provide individuals with disabilities with an equal
                           opportunity to participate in or benefit from the public entity's programs or activities, but
                           only when necessary to ensure that the aids, benefits, or services are as effective as those
                           provided to others. Paragraph ( b)(1)(iv) must be read in conjunction with paragraphs
                           (b)(2), (d), and (e). Even when separate or different aids, benefits, or services would be
                           more effective, paragraph (b)(2) provides that a qualified individual with a disability still
                           has the right to choose to participate in the program that is not designed to accommodate
                           individuals with disabilities . Paragraph (d) requires that a public entity administer
                           services, programs , and activities in the most integrated setting appropriate to the needs
                           of qualified individuals with disabilities.

                           Paragraph (b)(2) specifies that, notwithstanding the existence of separate or different
                           programs or activities provided in accordance with this section , an individual with a
                           disability shall not be denied the opportunity to participate in such programs or activities
                           that are not separate or different. Paragraph (e), which is derived from section 501(d) of
                           the Americans with Disabilities Act, states that nothing in this part shall be construed to
                           require an individual with a disability to accept an accommodation , aid, service,
                           opportunity, or benefit that he or she chooses not to accept.

                           Taken together, these provisions are intended to prohibit exclusion and segregation of
                           individuals with disabilities and the denial of equal opportunities enjoyed by others,
                           based on, among other things , presumptions, patronizing attitudes , fears, and stereotypes
                           about individuals with disabilities . Consistent with these standards, public entities are
                           required to ensure that their actions are based on facts applicable to individuals and not
                           on presumptions as to what a class of individuals with disabilities can or cannot do.

                           Integration is fundamental to the purposes of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
                           Provision of segregated accommodations and services relegates persons with disabilities
                           to second-class status. For example , it would be a violation of this provision to require
                           persons with disabilities to eat in the back room of a government cafeteria or to refuse to
                           allow a person with a disability the full use of recreation or exercise facilities because of
                           stereotypes about the person's ability to participate.

                           Many commenters objected to proposed paragraphs (b)(1)(iv) and (d) as allowing
                           continued segregation of individuals with disabilities. The Department recognizes that
                           promoting integration of individuals with disabilities into the mainstream of society is an
                           important objective of the ADA and agrees that, in most instances , separate programs for
                           individuals with disabilities will not be permitted. Nevertheless, section 504 does permit
                           separate programs in limited circumstances , and Congress clearly intended the
                           regulations issued under title 11 to adopt the standards of section 504. Furthermore,




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0013721
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Congress included authority for separate programs in the specific requirements of title III
                           of the Act. Section 302(b)(1)(A)(iii) of the Act provides for separate benefits in language
                           similar to that in §35.130(b)(1)(iv), and section 302(b)(1)(B) includes the same
                           requirement for "the most integrated setting appropriate" as in §35.130(d).

                           Even when separate programs are permitted , individuals with disabilities cannot be
                           denied the opportunity to participate in programs that are not separate or different. This is
                           an important and overarching principle of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Separate,
                           special, or different programs that are designed to provide a benefit to persons with
                           disabilities cannot be used to restrict the participation of persons with disabilities in
                           general , integrated activities.

                           For example, a person who is blind may wish to decline participating in a special
                           museum tour that allows persons to touch sculptures in an exhibit and instead tour the
                           exhibit at his or her own pace with the museum's recorded tour. It is not the intent of this
                           section to require the person who is blind to avail himself or herself of the special tour.
                           Modified participation for persons with disabilities must be a choice, not a requirement.

                           In addition, it would not be a violation of this section for a public entity to offer
                           recreational programs specially designed for children with mobility impairments.
                           However, it would be a violation of this section if the entity then excluded these children
                           from other recreational services for which they are qualified to participate when these
                           services are made available to nondisabled children, or if the entity required children with
                           disabilities to attend only designated programs.

                          Many commenters asked that the Department clarify a public entity's obligations within
                          the integrated program when it offers a separate program but an individual with a
                          disability chooses not to participate in the separate program. It is impossible to make a
                          blanket statement as to what level of auxiliary aids or modifications would be required in
                          the integrated program. Rather, each situation must be assessed individually. The starting
                          point is to question whether the separate program is in fact necessary or appropriate for
                          the individual. Assuming the separate program would be appropriate for a particular
                          individual, the extent to which that individual must be provided with modifications in the
                          integrated program will depend not only on what the individual needs but also on the
                          limitations and defenses of this part. For example, it may constitute an undue burden for a
                          public accommodation, which provides a full-time interpreter in its special guided tour
                          for individuals with hearing impairments, to hire an additional interpreter for those
                          individuals who choose to attend the integrated program. The Department cannot identify
                          categorically the level of assistance or aid required in the integrated program.

                          Paragraph (b)(1)(v) provides that a public entity may not aid or perpetuate discrimination
                          against a qualified individual with a disability by providing significant assistance to an
                          agency, organization, or person that discriminates on the basis of disability in providing
                          any aid, benefit, or service to beneficiaries of the public entity's program. This paragraph
                          is taken from the regulations implementing section 504 for federally assisted programs.




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013722
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Paragraph ( b)(1)(vi) prohibits the public entity from denying a qualified individual with a
                           disability the opportunity to participate as a member of a planning or advisory board.

                           Paragraph (b)(lxvii) prohibits the public entity from limiting a qualified individual with
                           a disability in the enjoyment of any right, privilege , advantage, or opportunity enjoyed by
                           others receiving any aid , benefit, or service.

                           Paragraph (b)(3) prohibits the public entity from utilizing criteria or methods of
                           administration that deny individuals with disabilities access to the public entity 's services,
                           programs , and activities or that perpetuate the discrimination of another public entity, if
                           both public entities are subject to common administrative control or are agencies of the
                           same State. The phrase "criteria or methods of administration" refers to official written
                           policies of the public entity and to the actual practices of the public entity. This paragraph
                           prohibits both blatantly exclusionary policies or practices and nonessential policies and
                           practices that are neutral on their face, but deny individuals with disabilities an effective
                           opportunity to-participate. This,standard is consistent with the interpretation of section
                           504 by the U.S. Supreme Court in Alexander v. Choate, 469 U.S. 287 (1985). The Court
                           in Choate explained that members of Congress made numerous. statements during
                           passage of section 504 regarding eliminating architectural barriers, providing access to
                           transportation , and eliminating discriminatory effects of job qualification procedures. The
                           Court then noted: "These statements would ring hollow if the resulting legislation could
                           not rectify the harms resulting from action that discriminated by effect as well as by
                           design." Id. at 297 (footnote omitted).

                           Paragraph (b)(4) specifically applies the prohibition enunciated in §35.130 (b)(3) to the
                           process of selecting sites for construction of new facilities or selecting existing facilities
                           to be used by the public entity . Paragraph (b)(4) does not apply to construction of
                           additional buildings at an existing site.

                           Paragraph (b)(5) prohibits the public entity, in the selection of procurement contractors,
                           from using criteria that subject qualified individuals with disabilities to discrimination on
                           the basis of disability.

                           Paragraph (b)(6) prohibits the public entity from discriminating against qualified
                           individuals with disabilities on the basis of disability in the granting of licenses or
                           certification . A person is a "qualified individual with a disability" with respect to
                           licensing or certification if he or she can meet the essential eligibility requirements for
                           receiving the license or certification (see §35.104).

                           A number of commenters were troubled by the phrase " essential eligibility requirements"
                           as applied to State licensing requirements , especially those for health care professions.
                           Because of the variety of types of programs to which the definition of "qualified
                           individual with a disability" applies, it is not possible to use more specific language in the
                           definition . The phrase " essential eligibility requirements ," however, is taken from the
                           definitions in the regulations implementing section 504 , so caselaw under section 504
                           will be applicable to its interpretation . In Southeastern Community College v. Davis, 442




                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0013723
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           U.S. 397, for example, the Supreme Court held that section 504 does not require an
                           institution to "lower or effect substantial modifications of standards to accommodate a
                           handicapped person ," 442 U. S. at 413 , and that the school had established that the
                           plaintiff was not "qualified " because she was not able to "serve the nursing profession in
                           all customary ways," id. Whether a particular requirement is "essential" will, of course,
                           depend on the facts of the particular case.

                           In addition, the public entity may not establish requirements for the programs or activities
                           of licensees or certified entities that subject qualified individuals with disabilities to
                           discrimination on the basis of disability . For example, the public entity must comply with
                           this requirement when establishing safety standards for the operations of licensees. In that
                           case the public entity must ensure that standards that it promulgates do not discriminate
                           against the employment of qualified individuals with disabilities in an impermissible
                           manner.

                           Paragraph ( b)(6) does not extend the requirements of the Act or this part directly to the
                           programs or activities of licensees or certified entities themselves . The programs or
                           activities of licensees or certified entities are not themselves programs or activities of the
                           public entity merely by virtue of the license or certificate.

                           Paragraph (b)(7) is a specific application of the requirement under the general
                           prohibitions of discrimination that public entities make reasonable modifications in
                           policies, practices, or procedures where necessary to avoid discrimination on the basis of
                           disability. Section 302(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the ADA sets out this requirement specifically for
                           public accommodations covered by title Ill of the Act, and the House Judiciary
                           Committee Report directs the Attorney General to include those specific requirements in
                           the title 11 regulation to the extent that they do not conflict with the regulations
                           implementing section .504. Judiciary report at 52.

                           Paragraph ( b)(8), a new paragraph not contained in the proposed rule, prohibits the
                           imposition or application of eligibility criteria that screen out or tend to screen out an
                           individual with a disability or any class of individuals with disabilities from fully and
                           equally enjoying any service, program, or activity, unless such criteria can be shown to
                           be necessary for the provision of the service, program , or activity being offered. This
                           prohibition is also a specific application of the general prohibitions of discrimination and
                           is based on section 302(b )(2)(A)(i) of the ADA. It prohibits overt denials of equal
                           treatment of individuals with disabilities , or establishment of exclusive or segregative
                           criteria that would bar individuals with disabilities from participation in services,
                           benefits, or activities.

                           Paragraph ( b)(8) also prohibits policies that unnecessarily impose requirements or
                           burdens on individuals with disabilities that are not placed on others . For example, public
                           entities may not require that a qualified individual with a disability be accompanied by an
                           attendant . A public entity is not, however, required to provide attendant care, or
                           assistance in toileting, eating, or dressing to individuals with disabilities , except in special
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           circumstances , such as where the individual is an inmate of a custodial or correctional
                           institution.

                           In addition, paragraph (bX8) prohibits the imposition of criteria that "tend to" screen out
                           an individual with a disability . This concept, which is derived from current regulations
                           under section 504 (see, e . g., 45 CFR 84 . 13), makes it discriminatory to impose policies or
                           criteria that, while not creating a direct bar to individuals with disabilities , indirectly
                           prevent or limit their ability to participate . For example, requiring presentation of a
                           driver' s license as the sole means of identification for purposes of paying by check would
                           violate this section in situations where , for example, individuals with severe vision
                           impairments or developmental disabilities or epilepsy are ineligible to receive a driver's
                           license and the use of an alternative means of identification , such as another photo I.D. or
                           credit card , is feasible.

                           A public entity may, however, impose neutral rules and criteria that screen out , or tend to
                           screen out, individuals with disabilities if the criteria are necessary for the safe operation
                           of the program in question . Examples of safety qualifications that would be justifiable in
                           appropriate circumstances would include eligibility requirements for drivers ' licenses, or
                           a requirement that all participants in a recreational rafting expedition be able to meet a
                           necessary level of swimming proficiency . Safety requirements must be based on actual
                           risks and not on speculation, stereotypes, or generalizations about individuals with
                           disabilities.

                          Paragraph (c) provides that nothing in this part prohibits a public entity from providing
                          benefits, services , or advantages to individuals with disabilities, or to a particular class of
                          individuals with disabilities , beyond those required by this part . It is derived from a
                          provision in the section 504 regulations that permits programs conducted pursuant to
                          Federal statute or Executive order that are designed to benefit only individuals with
                          disabilities or a given class of individuals with disabilities to be limited to those
                          individuals with disabilities . Section 504 ensures that federally assisted programs are
                          made available to all individuals, without regard to disabilities , unless the Federal
                          program under which the assistance is provided is specifically limited to individuals with
                          disabilities or a particular class of individuals with disabilities . Because coverage under
                          this part is not limited to federally assisted programs , paragraph (c) has been revised to
                          clarify that State and local governments may provide special benefits, beyond those
                          required by the nondiscrimination requirements of this part, that are limited to individuals
                          with disabilities or a particular class of individuals with disabilities , without thereby
                          incurring additional obligations to persons without disabilities or to other classes of
                          individuals with disabilities.

                          Paragraphs (d) and (e), previously referred to in the discussion of paragraph (b)(1)(iv),
                          provide that the public entity must administer services , programs, and activities in the
                          most integrated setting appropriate to the needs of qualified individuals with disabilities,
                          i.e., in a setting that enables individuals with disabilities to interact with nondisabled
                          persons to the fullest extent possible, and that persons with disabilities must be provided
                          the option of declining to accept a particular accommodation.




                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0013725
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Some commenters expressed concern that §35.130(e), which states that nothing in the
                           rule requires an individual with a disability to accept special accommodations and
                           services provided under the ADA, could be interpreted to allow guardians of infants or
                           older people with disabilities to refuse medical treatment for their wards . Section
                           35.130(e) has been revised to make it clear that paragraph (e) is inapplicable to the
                           concern of the commenters . A new paragraph (e)(2) has been added stating that nothing
                           in the regulation authorizes the representative or guardian of an individual with a
                           disability to decline food , water, medical treatment, or medical services for that
                           individual . New paragraph (e) clarifies that neither the ADA nor the regulation alters
                           current Federal law ensuring the rights of incompetent individuals with disabilities to
                           receive food, water, and medical treatment . See, e.g., Child Abuse Amendments of 1984
                           (42 U.S .C. 5106a(b)(l0), 5106g( 10)); Rehabilitation Act of 1973 , as amended (29 U.S.C.
                           794); the Developmentally Disabled Assistance and Bill of Rights Act (42 U.S.C. 6042).

                           Sections 35 . 130(e)(1) and (2) are based on section 501(d) of the ADA. Section 501(d)
                           was designed to clarify that nothing in the ADA requires individuals with disabilities to
                           accept special accommodations and services for individuals with disabilities that may
                           segregate them:

                           The Committee added this section [501(d)] to clarify that nothing in the ADA is intended
                           to permit discriminatory treatment on the basis of disability , even when such treatment is
                           rendered under the guise of providing an accommodation, service, aid or benefit to the
                           individual with disability. For example, a blind individual may choose not to avail
                           himself or herself of the right to go to the front of a line, even if a particular public
                           accommodation has chosen to offer such a modification of a policy for blind individuals.
                           Or, a blind individual may choose to decline to participate in a special museum tour that
                           allows persons to touch sculptures in an exhibit and instead tour the exhibits at his or her
                           own pace with the museum 's recorded tour.

                           Judiciary report at 71 -72. The Act is not to be construed to mean that an individual with
                           disabilities must accept special accommodations and services for individuals with
                           disabilities when that individual can participate in the regular services already offered.
                           Because medical treatment , including treatment for particular conditions , is not a special
                           accommodation or service for individuals with disabilities under section 501(d), neither
                           the Act nor this part provides affirmative authority to suspend such treatment . Section
                           501(d) is intended to clarify that the Act is not designed to foster discrimination through
                           mandatory acceptance of special services when other alternatives are provided; this
                           concern does not reach to the provision of medical treatment for the disabling condition
                           itself.

                          Paragraph (f) provides that a public entity may not place a surcharge on a particular
                          individual with a disability, or any group of individuals with disabilities, to cover any
                          costs of measures required to provide that individual or group with the nondiscriminatory
                          treatment required by the Act or this part. Such measures may include the provision of
                          auxiliary aids or of modifications required to provide program accessibility.




                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0013726
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Several commenters asked for clarification that the costs of interpreter services may not
                           be assessed as an element of "court costs." The Department has already recognized that
                           imposition of the cost of courtroom interpreter services is impermissible under section
                           504. The preamble to the Department's section 504 regulation for its federally assisted
                           programs states that where a court system has an obligation to provide qualified
                           interpreters, "it has the corresponding responsibility to pay for the services of the
                           interpreters." (45 FR 37630 (June 3, 1980)). Accordingly, recouping the costs of
                           interpreter services by assessing them as part of court costs would also be prohibited.

                           Paragraph (g), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of an individual's or entity's
                           known relationship or association with an individual with a disability, is based on
                           sections 102(b)(4) and 302(b)(1)(E) of the ADA. This paragraph was not contained in the
                           proposed rule. The individuals covered under this paragraph are any individuals who are
                           discriminated against because of their known association with an individual with a
                           disability. For example, it would be a violation of this paragraph for a local government
                           to refuse to allow a theater company to use a school auditorium on the grounds that the
                           company had recently performed for an audience of individuals with HIV disease.

                           This protection is not limited to those who have a familial relationship with the individual
                           who has a disability. Congress considered, and rejected, amendments that would have
                           limited the scope of this provision to specific associations and relationships. Therefore, if
                           a public entity refuses admission to a person with cerebral palsy and his or her
                           companions, the companions have an independent right of action under the ADA and this
                           section.

                           During the legislative process, the tern "entity" was added to section 302(b)(IXE) to
                           clarify that the scope of the provision is intended to encompass not only persons who
                           have a known association with a person with a disability, but also entities that provide
                           services to or are otherwise associated with such individuals. This provision was intended
                           to ensure that entities such as health care providers, employees of social service agencies,
                           and others who provide professional services to persons with disabilities are not subjected
                           to discrimination because of their professional association with persons with disabilities.

                           §35.131 Illegal use of drugs.

                           Section 35 . 131 effectuates section 510 of the ADA, which clarifies the Act's application
                           to people who use drugs illegally. Paragraph (a) provides that this part does not prohibit
                           discrimination based on an individual's current illegal use of drugs.

                           The Act and the regulation distinguish between illegal use of drugs and the legal use of
                           substances, whether or not those substances are "controlled substances," as defined in the
                           Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812). Some controlled substances are prescription
                           drugs that have legitimate medical uses. Section 35.131 does not affect use of controlled
                           substances pursuant to a valid prescription under supervision by a licensed health care
                           professional, or other use that is authorized by the Controlled Substances Act or any other
                           provision of Federal law. It does apply to illegal use of those substances, as well as to




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013727
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                          illegal use of controlled substances that are not prescription drugs. The key question is
                          whether the individual's use of the substance is illegal, not whether the substance has
                          recognized legal uses . Alcohol is not a controlled substance, so use of alcohol is not
                          addressed by §35.131 (although alcoholics are individuals with disabilities , subject to the
                          protections of the statute).

                         A distinction .issalso made between the use of. a substance and the status of being addicted
                         to that substance. Addiction is a disability, and addicts are individuals with disabilities
                         protected by the Act. The protection , however, does not extend to actions based on the
                         illegal use of the substance . In other words, an addict cannot use the fact of his or her
                         addiction as a defense to an action based on illegal use of drugs . This distinction is not
                         artificial. Congress intended to deny protection to people. who engage in the illegal use of
                         drugs, whether or, not they. are addicted, but to


                         A third distinction is the difficult one between current use and former use. The definition
                         of "current illegal use of drugs" in §35.104, which is based on the report of the
                         Conference Committee , H.R. Conf. Rep. No. 596, 101st Cong., 2d Sess . 64 (1990)
                         [hereinafter "Conference report "], is "illegal use of drugs that occurred recently enough to
                         justify a reasonable belief that a person 's drug use is current or that continuing use is a
                         real and ongoing problem."




    i




                         Paragraph (b) provides a limited exception to the exclusion of current illegal users of
                         drugs from the protections of the Act. It prohibits denial of health services, or services
                         provided in connection with drug rehabilitation to an individual on the basis of current
                         illegal use of drugs, if the individual is otherwise entitled to such services. A health care
                         facility, such as a hospital or clinic, may not refuse treatment to an individual in need of
                         the services it provides on the grounds that the individual is illegally using drugs, but it is
                         not required by this section to provide services that it does not ordinarily provide. For
                         example, a health care facility that specializes in a particular type of treatment, such as
                         care of burn victims, is not required to provide drug rehabilitation services , but it cannot
                         refuse to treat a individual's bums on the grounds that the individual is illegally using
                         drugs.

                         Some commenters pointed out that abstention from the use of drugs is an essential
                         condition of participation in some drug rehabilitation programs, and may be a necessary
                         requirement in inpatient or residential settings. The Department believes that this
                         comment is well-founded. Congress clearly intended to prohibit exclusion from drug




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013728
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           treatment programs of the very individuals who need such programs because of their use
                           of drugs, but, once an individual has been admitted to a program, abstention may be a
                           necessary and appropriate condition to continued participation. The final rule therefore
                           provides that a drug rehabilitation or treatment program may prohibit illegal use of drugs
                           by individuals while they are participating in the program.

                           Paragraph (c) expresses Congress' intention that the Act be neutral with respect to testing
                           for illegal use of drugs. This paragraph implements the provision in section 510(b) of the
                           Act that allows entities "to adopt or administer reasonable policies or procedures,
                           including but not limited to drug testing," that ensure that an individual who is
                           participating in a supervised rehabilitation program, or who has completed such a
                           program or otherwise been rehabilitated successfully is no longer engaging in the illegal
                           use of drugs. The section is not to be "construed to encourage, prohibit, restrict, or
                           authorize the conducting of testing for the illegal use of drugs."

                           Paragraph 35.131(c) clarifies that it is not a violation of this part to adopt or administer
                           reasonable policies or procedures to ensure that an individual who formerly engaged in
                           the illegal use of drugs is not currently engaging in illegal use of drugs. Any such policies
                           or procedures must, of course, be reasonable, and must be designed to identify accurately
                           the illegal use of drugs. This paragraph does not authorize inquiries, tests, or other
                           procedures that would disclose use of substances that are not controlled substances or are
                           taken under supervision by a licensed health care professional, or other uses authorized
                           by the Controlled Substances Act or other provisions of Federal law, because such uses
                           are not included in the definition of "illegal use of drugs." A commenter argued that the
                           rule should permit testing for lawful use of prescription drugs, but most commenters
                           preferred that tests must be limited to unlawful use in order to avoid revealing the lawful
                           use of prescription medicine used to treat disabilities.

                           §35.132 Smoking.

                           Section 35.132 restates the clarification in section 501(b) of the Act that the Act does not
                           preclude the prohibition of, or imposition of restrictions on, smoking in transportation
                           covered by title H. Some commenters argued that this section is too limited in scope, and
                           that the regulation should prohibit smoking in all facilities used by public entities. The
                           reference to smoking in section 501, however, merely clarifies that the Act does not
                           require public entities to accommodate smokers by permitting them to smoke in
                           transportation facilities.

                           §35.133 Maintenance of accessible features.

                           Section 35 . 133 provides that a public entity shall maintain in operable working condition
                           those features of facilities and equipment that are required to be readily accessible to and
                           usable by persons with disabilities by the Act or this part. The Act requires that, to the
                           maximum extent feasible, facilities must be accessible to, and usable by, individuals with
                           disabilities . This section recognizes that it is not sufficient to provide features such as
                           accessible routes, elevators , or ramps, if those features are not maintained in a manner




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013729
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                          that enables individuals with disabilities to use them. Inoperable elevators, locked
                          accessible doors, or "accessible" routes that are obstructed by furniture, filing cabinets, or
                          potted plants are neither "accessible to" nor "usable by" individuals with disabilities.

                          Some commenters objected that this section appeared to establish an absolute
                          requirement and suggested that language from the preamble be included in the text of the
                          regulation. It is, of course, impossible to guarantee that mechanical devices will never fail
                          to operate. Paragraph (b) of the final regulation provides that this section does not
                          prohibit isolated or temporary interruptions in service or access due to maintenance or
                          repairs. This paragraph is intended to clarify that temporary obstructions or isolated
                          instances of mechanical failure would not be considered violations of the Act or this part.
                          However, allowing obstructions or "out of service" equipment to persist beyond a
                          reasonable period of time would violate this part, as would repeated mechanical failures
                          due to improper or inadequate maintenance. Failure of the public entity to ensure that
                          accessible routes are properly maintained and free of obstructions, or failure to arrange
                          prompt repair of inoperable elevators or other equipment intended to provide access
                          would also violate this part.

                          Other commenters requested that this section be expanded to include specific
                          requirements for inspection and maintenance of equipment, for training staff in the proper
                          operation of equipment, and for maintenance of specific items. The Department believes
                          that this section properly establishes the general requirement for maintaining access and
                          that further details are not necessary.

                          §35.134 Retaliation or coercion.




                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0013730
