Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


              Unknown

               From :   Ann Lillian [annlillian9@ alaska.net]
               Sent:    Thursday, March 20, 2008 4:01 AM
               To:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom
                        E (DNR); james.knig@alaska.gov; Rep. Kevin. Meyer@legis .state.ak. us;
                        Rep.Mike.Chenault@legis.state .ak.us; Sen.Tom.Wagoner@legis. state.ak.us; Tibbles; Michael A
                        (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG)
               Cc:      cindysmi@acsalaska.net; akpepi@yahoo.com
               Subject: FY2009 Governors Capital Budget Appropriation DF&G prop #44823 in SB256 & HB311
              March 20, 2008
              State of Alaska
              Office of the Govenor
              Juneau, Alaska

              Re: Lower Kasilof boat launch, FY2009 Govenors Capital Budget Appropriation
              Department of Fish & Game proposal #44823 in SB256 and HB311

              Honorable Governor Palin:

              I respectfully request that you veto the funding for this legislation which would allow the Dept. of Fish &
              Game to buy private property on the Kasilof River for a motorized boat ramp and parking facilities without
              a prior Environmental Impact Study or public testimony. I am a property owner adjacent to the Old Kasilof
              Landind owned by Trujillo but only recently heard about this project from my neighbors.1 believe
              motorized fishing traffic would be detrimental to the environment of the Kasilof River and wish it to remain
              a drift boat fishery as I have enjoyed many times.

              Every summer the boat-trailer traffic, at its current limited level , leaves trash, parks on my property, and is
              unpleasantly noisy-increased traffic as this proposes would be the death of a quiet, peaceful, safe
              neighborhood of 35 homes. As a resident of this community, I believe I have a right to express my grave
              concerns for the quality of life in my neighborhood and to the Kasilof River. I feel this proposal is ill
              advised and that increased traffic on the Kasilof River would have a detrimental impact on water
              quality, noise level, and to the overall peace that we now enjoy.

              The Dept. of Fish & Game would better serve the public and the Kenai River Sportfishing Assoc. to use
              the Federal tackle tax to create a motorized boat lauch , upgrade parking, and provide public sanitation at
              the mouth of the Kasilof River where all the other boat traffic is located and the public congregates for
              fishing every summer.

              Last year you vetoed this project. Unfortunately, it was included in the current general appropriation bill
              passed by both the House and Senate . Please do not fund this proposal which would mostly benefit a few
              tourist and the Kenai River Sportfishing Assoc. I implore you to veto it again!

              Thank you for your consideration and time.
              Sincerely,
              Ann-Lillian Schell
              annlillian90alaska.net
              907 260-3069




               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013731
