Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :      cindysmi@acsalaska.net
               Sent:       Thursday, March 20, 2008 5:52 PM
               To:         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc:         Lieutenant Governor Sean Pamell (GOV sponsored); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV);
                           Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); dendby.Iloyd@alaska.gov; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
               Subject: Fw: c.smith-re meeting with Governor
              State of Alaska
              The Honorable Sarah Palin
              Governor, State of Alaska

              Governor Palin,

              I have sent the following message to my representatives with the knowledge of your upcoming meetings
              with our Districts. I am pleased that Representative Chenault has sent you a letter with his District's
              concern over this proposal and I will forward this message to all the department's that I feel are involved
              in this process. Thank you for your time.

              Sincerely,

              Cynthia Smith
              Kasilof, Alaska

              ---- Original Message ----
              From : cindysmi0acsalaska.net
              To: Rep. Mike.Chenaultt leais.state.ak.us
              Cc: tom.wriohtaleais.state.ak.us
              Sent: Thursday, March 20, 2008 9:05 AM
              Subject: c.smith-re meeting with Governor

              March 20, 2008

              State of Alaska
              Representative Mike Chenault

              Re: Opposition to Fish and Game proposal #44823 in SB256

              Mr. Chenault:

              I am aware that Governor Palin is going to meet with three people from each District regarding capital
              projects. I would like to request that you express my concerns and opposition to this Fish and Game
              proposal, to the Governor, at this meeting.

              We do not want any motorized public access boat ramp this far up the Kasilof River, at mile 3 . 5, at the
              Trujillo parcel or Foxhill Estate Subdivision , as it will bring an entirely new user group of motorized boats,
              that currently are not there. Also, the issue of two-stroke engines , which have been prohibited for use in
              the Kenai River Personal Use Fisheries, because of pollution , could bring displaced owners of these
              engines to the Kasilof River, which does not have these current restrictions.

              Our community is concerned for the Kasilof River, in that, Fish and Game in order to get matching
              Federal funds for this proposal, they have to split usage , at this public boat launch , between both
              motorized and non-motorized craft. The issue of environmental impact, public forum, and community
              concerns, should not come after they have received funding to buy private property for this public boat
              launch, but have most of these concerns addressed before Fish and Game get funding.




               10/23/2009

                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0013732
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


               Again , I request that you express my opposition and concerns regarding this proposal to Governor Palin, at this
               meeting , as you are my District voice to the Governor. Thank you for your time.

               Sincerely,

               Cynthia Smith
               Kasilof, Alaska




               10/23/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0013733
