Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Thursday, March 20, 2008 5:28 PM
          To:                       Sullivan-Leonard; Colleen (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Governor's veto Please - Palmer Arts Council


           Thanks Colleen. Pls also forward to Leg Liason office and Chief of Staff. Thanks.

          And if Dan really wanted to help, he'd express this publicly. Lyda' s games are really
          wearing us down with the budget and other struggles and we can ' t win these battles with
          just internal discussions . Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

          From: "Sullivan-Leonard, Colleen (GOV)" <colleen.sullivan.leonard@alaska.gov>



          Date: Thu, 20 Mar 2008 10:30:20

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen
          J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>

          Subject: FW: Governor' s veto Please - Palmer Arts Council




          FYI from Dan Kennedy in Wasilla. Colleen




          From: Dan Kennedy [mailto:kennedy@kennedycpas.com]

           Sent: Thursday, March 20, 2008 10:16 AM

           To: Sullivan-Leonard, Colleen (GOV)

           Subject: Governor's veto Please - Palmer Arts Council




          To:   Honorable Governor Sarah Palin




                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0013747
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Juneau, AK 99801




           RE:   Veto Please - Capital Budget, Palmer Arts Council of $400,000




          Dear Honorable Governor Palin:




           Please consider the use of your valuable procedure to veto some of the extraordinary and
           superfluous projects funded by the legislature in the current supplemental capital budget.




          There are a few capital budget projects that you may consider using the Governor's veto.
          Specifically, the $400,000 Palmer Arts Council earmark is not necessary. In my opinion:




          1.             The significant amount of $400,000 of funding for Palmer Arts Council is
          grossly excessive.  Compare this capital budget request with the Valley Performing Arts
          organization in Wasilla that has never asked for governmental support and is completely
          self-sustaining with private funding and profitable with excellence of superior
          management.




          2.             The Palmer Arts Council is a new organization that has no proven
          capability. To me it appears that the liberals in Palmer wish to present more radical
          performances than the community theater wishes.




          3.             The Palmer Arts Council has received small City of Palmer grants this past
          year from city council member Tony Pipple, whose spouse, Mimi Pipple is president of the
          Palmer Arts Council.  Ethically, it seems to be a conflict - just my view.
                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013748
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           4.             I suggest that the Palmer Arts Council values are not consistent with that
           of the Governor , nor the majority of the residents of the Mat - Su Borough.




           5.              I do not understand why the honorable Senator Lyda Green is in such support
           of the Palmer Arts Council , the very people to constantly oppose her . I have twice asked
           for Lyda to call me to kindly explain her support for the Palmer Arts Council .  For the
           first time ever , Lyda is not returning my calls . I don ' t get it.




           Other - Thanks



           Congratulations on the success of AGIA and State ethics reform .       We appreciate all your
           focus in keeping the gas line the most important task.




          Thank you for considering my thoughts and thanks for all your hard work ! We look forward
          to seeing you at the Constitutional Monument dedication on July 4th at Iditapark . Harold
          Newcomb and the Wasilla Sunrise Rotary Club have funded and constructed
          the Constitution Monument for the public.




          Sincerely and respectfully,



          Dan F . Kennedy     - Wasilla




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0013749
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          kennedy@kennedycpas.com




          907.376-1272




          home is 357-8510




                                                       4
