Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, March 20, 2008 4:47 PM
           To:                      'vision rbw@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Economic Development


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent; Thursday, March 20, 2008 3:38 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Economic-Development



           Web mail from: Ms. Brenda Wall

           address :   PO Box 1016 Cordova AK 99574




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,

           My family are commercial fishermen for six generations. Our great grandmother and her
           family walked the Oregon Trail and became some the first non-tribal fishermen in the
           Northwest.  The family is still fishing today from Bristol Bay, Cordova and the Columbia
           River.



          We are struggling to continue fishing in Bristol Bay. It is not due to lack of fish or
          consumers desiring the wild salmon but the grid lock on the buyers allowed into the bay to
          purchase our fish. Everyone is put on limits and they don't want to give us ice.



          One year we are told if we catch 100, 000 lbs. we MIGHT get 5 cents more per pound. Last
          year you had to catch 150,000 lbs to get 10 cents. This year it will be 200,000 lbs. if
          they feel real generous we MIGHT get another 10 cents . The average price was 67 cents per
          pound if you had over 100,000. THIS IS OUTRAGEOUSI




          We beg you to open the bay to foreign processors with big ships that can handle the fish
          and watch how suddenly the price could make $1.00 like the rest of Alaska.

          And our son could continue in college so he never has to rely on this industry unless he
          wants too.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0013752
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           With fuel through the roof and the dollar worthless, hardworking fisherman should be paid
           at least a dollar per pound for their fish. This is a crime against the people working so
           hard to bring healthy food to the market.



          PLEASE HELP THE FISHERMEN, NOT THE GREEDY CORPORATIONS THAT MAKE HUGE PROFITS AND TAKE
          ADVANTAGE OF THE PEOPLE THAT MADE THE CORPORATION A SUCCESS!




          Please open the door to Bristol Bay to real competition among the processors and watch the
          price rise to the natural level that the market creates.




           Best Regards,

           The Wall Family



           vision-rbw@yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0013753
