Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, March 20, 2008 11:35 AM
          To:                      imapuck@yahoo.com
          Subject:                 RE: University_of Alaska


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2008 5:39 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: University_of_Alaska



          Web mail from: Ms. Susan Shaw

          address: 18012 Hillcrest Dr Eagle River AK 99577




          MESSAGE:

          Thank you for sending your reply letter today. You stated "my budget goals have been very
          clear".  However, I still remember your statement (before you were elected, and here's the
          rub) that you would support a state of the art sports complex, said when you were at an
          Aces hockey game.



          As far as your promoting "world class education", I guess you aren't interested in
          retaining students after graduating.  You'd rather see them leave the state and go to
          Universities with better facilities.



          This is NOT going away. UAA has the WORST facilities in the nation, what a shame. As
          Governor, you should be ashamed.



          Susan Shaw




          imapuck@yahoo.com




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013742
