Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, March 21, 2008 9:55 AM
          To:                      jsmothersinak@yahoo.com
          Subject:                 RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

          Sent: Thursday, March 20, 2008 7:25 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Military-and-veterans-Affairs



          Web mail from: Mr. Jack Smothers

          address; PO Box 1106 Talkeetna AK 99676

           907-495-1211




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,



          Thank you for your past and future service to our great state and country! I just saw a
          story on the news (yeah, I know, the news...) that really twisted my tail. As a former
          service member (US Army), the brother of a current US Marine (Gunny Sgt Sean Smothers) and
          the son of a US Marine, I was extremely disturbed watching a story about several wounded
          Marines and Army personnel who have been deemed unfit for further service in the military,
          however, have been granted extremely limited disability status (10t of their current pay).
          THIS IS REDICULOUS!!! These brave men put their lives on the line for us and were wounded
          badly enough to have their careers ended and their lives changed forever - they deserve
          better than what they are getting from their country! I support our men and women in the
          military as well as the war effort; however, this is a travesty. How can the wealthiest
          country in the world not take care of our disabled vets better than this?! I know that you
          are not a member

           of the US Congress or Senate (I'm emailing them too!); however, I was hopeful that you
          could talk with those who are responsible for the care of our disabled military members to
          ensure that these wounded warriors are PROPERLY cared for after they (and their families)
          have given so much for all of us. I think that this is the least that most taxpayers could
          do to repay these heroes, if not in the entire country, then at least here in Alaska.



          Sincerely,

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013825
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Jack Smothers

          PO Box 1106

          Talkeetna , AK 99676-1106



          PS - congratulations on the addition to your family!



          jsmothersinak@yyahoo.com




                                                       2
