Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON)
           Sent:                    Friday, March 21, 2008 10:19 AM
           To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
           Cc:                      Todd Palin
           Subject:                 FW: Email - FYI




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Friday, March 21, 2008 10:09 AM

           To: mct@gci.net

           Subject: RE: General Administration



           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are, important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, March 21, 2008 8:58 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General Administration



           Web mail from : Ms. Terri McNellis

           address : P.O. Box 4943 Palmer AK 99645

            907-745-4030



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Sarah,

           I don't know if you remember me but I met you at Tim Thom's going away party. I used to
           teach at MCS. And we saw you before Christmas at Fred Meyer's and we said are you our
           esteemed governor and said we love you. I hope you are able to get this personally.



           I want to tell you that you don't have to stoop to the likes of Dan Fagan. What he is
                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0013851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           doing is simply slander which is sin! He also is either mad or jealous that you hired
           Sharon to work for you ... that's when I notice a change. Remember it's his problem. He is a
           very small person that has become very arrogant and is headed for a big fall . Nobody gets
           away with stepping on others for long. He will have to give an account for what he is
           doing.



           YOU walk to a different trumpet, so to speak . God's favor is moving you forward!!! You
           need to ignore the little people and those that try to pull you down. I believe that you
           are walking in God's perfect will and that you are right on target in His plan and
           purposes for you. He put you in this position for such a time as this !! We support you and
           believe that you will strive to do what's right and what is God's will for the state of
           Alaska!



           We are praying for you and continue to support you...we pray for God ' s Best, FAVOR, and
           blessings on your life and your husband and family. Thank you for who you really are!



           Sincerely, Terri McNellis



           mct@gci.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPO1_0013852
