Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Friday, March 21, 2008 5:06 PM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Kelly; Russell
                                     T (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: With changes

            importance:              High


            Did this go out? KTUU just reported again that I may veto Educ Bill because "it's not
            generous enough", pls make sure they have the correction by their 6pm news, and pls make
            sure print media has it.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2008 15:13:08

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: With changes




            Governor Palin Reaffirms Budget Commitment



            March 21, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - With just over three weeks left in the

            legislative session , Governor Sarah Palin today renewed her commitment

            to work with members of the legislature on responsible operating and

            capital budgets.      In an effort to keep the public informed, Governor

            Palin has answered questions that have been at the center of the budget

            debate.

            How do you feel about the changes proposed by House and Senate to your

            operating budget?

            I am pleased that the House, Senate and Administration all agree that we

            must control the growth of government spending.              As we developed our

            budget, we took a hard look at all areas of government spending to

            change the direction of the large increases in previous years.                  Our

            approach in working with the Legislature has been to welcome additional

                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0013842
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            ideas of how the State can be more efficient in serving Alaskans. By

            the end of session, I am confident that we will be able to say the

            Administration and Legislature both contributed to help achieve that

            common goal of controlling government spending.



            Have you really added more than 1,000 new positions in your budget this

            year?

            When we released our budget to the public and the Legislature on Dec.

            10, we included a "true up " of existing state positions that had not

            been accounted for in previous administrations .        We felt it was

            important to tell Alaskans the real number of state positions and not

            continue the practice of holding a large number of positions off the

            books .   Our "true up " included more than 800 positions that already

            existed but were not reflected in the budget.




            Various sources have suggested that your budget proposes to increase

            spending anywhere from 11 percent to 27 percent .        Is this accurate?

            When we released our budget on Dec . 10 we calculated our General Fund

            increase in government spending for operating , capital and supplemental

            budgets at 4 percent .     Our budget includes all categories .      We included

            items that we knew would require supplemental funding to reflect a more

            accurate comparison between the current year and next year ' s spending.

            In addition , we clearly reflected the amount of the oil tax credits but

            did not include the funds as agency spending .       When determining the

            spending increase from year to year , Alaskans need to look at what is

            included or not included in the number.




           What is your approach on the supplemental budget?

           I have been consistent in that I do not believe the supplemental budget

           is the appropriate vehicle to build a capital budget. It is appropriate

           for operating or capital items to receive early or supplemental funding

           only due to extraordinary or unforeseen circumstances .          Projects that do
                                                        2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            not meet this description should be included in a comprehensive capital

            budget.



            The deadline for reviewing the supplemental budget          ( SB 256 )   is April 5,

            just 8 days prior to the end of session .       During this time ,       I plan on

            frequent discussions with legislative leaders to work out a plan for

            total savings and an acceptable level of spending .         I have also

            committed to meet with every legislator in an effort to improve

            communication , work in cooperation and learn about items important to

            their individual districts .       A final decision regarding the supplemental

            budget will be made once we have had a chance to meet with legislators

            about their projects.




            What is your intention for the school funding bill?

            I intend to sign the bill. My goal has always been to provide

            multi-year funding in a level sufficient to provide predictability and

            stability to Alaska school districts .       Certain legislators felt our

            adjustment to the base student allocation       ( BSA) was too high and that

            districts could manage with an increase of $100 BSA .          We have been

            hearing recently from school districts that the amount appropriated to

            date is not sufficient .     I also understand that legislators may provide

            some additional funds in FY2009 to help ensure the rising costs of labor

            and energy do not divert money from the classroom.



            Given the revised revenue forecast increasing the amount of surplus

            available , have you changed your savings plan?

           We are blessed to have significant budget surplus in the current year

            and projected for next year .      The opportunity to put even more in

            savings than we anticipated in December is something all Alaskans

            support .   That is why it is even more important to work with the

            Legislature on an overall spending plan for operating and capital

           budgets so that we can slow the growth of government , meet the needs of

                                                               3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Alaskans and save for the future. Our goal is to save as much as

            possible in FY2008 and FY2009.



            For more information about the Governors Budget, please go to this

            Office of Management and Budget link.




            -----Original Message-----

            Prom: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Friday, March 21,      2008 3:03 PM

            To: Leighow,    Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T

            (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

            Subject:   Re: press release



            Has this been sent yet? If not, pls change         Privileged or Personal Material Redaq

           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2008 14:38:58

            To:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell

            T (GOV)" <russ.kelly®alaska.gov>,"Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)"

            <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: press release


                                                                 4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

            No. 08-042




            Governor Palin Reaffirms Budget Commitment




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              5




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013846
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             6




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0013847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             7
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             8
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sharon Leighow



            Deputy Press Secretary



            Deputy Communications Director




            (907)   269-7450 Anchorage



            (907)   465-4031 Juneau




            (907)   240 - 7943 cell




                                                        9
