Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, March 21, 2008 9:50 AM
          To:                      'traderpete1 @ca.rr.corn'
          Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Thursday, March 20, 2008 1:04 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Pete Lucia

          address :   15401 Williams st sp 139 Tustin CA 92780

           714-972-8004




          MESSAGE:

          Hey Sarah , Thanks for your honesty and truthfulness.

          The hatcheries are the only reason there will be fish in Alaska waters . The Mat-su
          fisheries already are devastated.

          Following proper procedure to restore the fisheries is failed in utter and complete
          devastation, you and you alone must step in to save the fisheries. It is blatantly obvious
          anything short of

          your intervention will seal the fate of fisheries in Alaska

          as a thing of the past, lost to some bureaucrats incompetence.

          My guess is that the lawmakers want payola to make things happen in the state or they just
          drag there feet until they are coddled (money) into agreement.At 100.00 a barrel for oil,
          an Alaska natural resource,you would think there would be money for fisheries, an Alaska
          natural resource.

          Exxon wiped out alot of the fishery. The commercial guys are wiping out the fishery rather
          than letting the fish make it to the Mat-su river system.The commercial guys need there
          own hatchery and fishery and stop poaching mat-su fish.

          Alaska has enjoyed it's natural resources. That is going to stop

          abruptly, with fingers pointed in every direction, about the inevitable failures being
          some other incompetent lawmakers responsibility not mine.Please Sarah, intervene before
          these geniuses loose Alaska's finest resources.Please make sure as a minimum requirement
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013827
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          all hatcheries in Alaska are to be completely funded as the States natural resource is
          protected vigerously.



          traderpetel@ca.rr.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0013828
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                i


          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Friday, March 21, 2008 9:25 AM
          To:                      Leschper, Beth (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Press awards


          Thanks!

          Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



          - ---Original Message-----

          From :    " Leschper , Beth (GOV)" <beth. leschper@alaska.gov>



          Date: Fri, 21 Mar 2008 08:11:47

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>

          Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Re: Press awards




          I'll take care of this and let all know outcome soonest.

           Beth




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent :    Fri Mar 21 07:50: 58 2008

           Subject: Press awards                             -



           Pls have someone look at the recent statewide press awards and do "congrats" to those
          recognized - KTUU photog won national award, Julia O'Malley won, etc... Some of the local
          media outlets also. Then pls let me know who followed through on it and where the
          "congrats" were sent. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One


                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013829
