Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Sunday, March 23, 2008 5:31 PM
            To:                      Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
            Subject:                 Fw: supplemental




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Sun, 23 Mar 2008 21:46:55

            To:"Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: supplemental




            I spoke with Palmer's mayor yesterday. I went through the Valley projects that I know of
            in the supplemental- I can not find a reason to fund any of the ones I know of- and Lyda
            has NOT supported them until we got elected... "Of all the nerve " is right. We're getting
            comments esp pertaining to this request for new property aquisition for a very small group
            (four or five people perhaps) who want to start up a new Performing Arts council, despite
            having a very successful and community-supported Valley Performing Arts that's been in
            private sector operations for many years. Lyda's always been a personal contributor to
            VPA, and never supported govt support of the organization. She's doing this to put us in a
            corner . Same goes for the recyling center. And Huggins' $2million boy scouts camp? And
            all the other requests too, Mike, I just don't see them as state priorities.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 23 Mar 2008 13:16:22

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: supplemental




            Lyda got to be a bit nervous about the supplemental. She inaccurately claimed that you
            would support every valley project (if it made it back in). Her shining example was the
            ballfields, which voted unanimously to not support the full amount. She can't possibly
            think that it is a good use of state resources to fund the Palmer Arts Council. And she
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0013863
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            got too far out supporting restoring the $5 million for the Palmer-Wasilla Highway, which
            is not needed until FY2010 .   In my last conversation with Stedman , I passed along that we
            are finding problems with some items in the supplemental. He is very anxious to know
            which ones and claimed , " there is no need to throw rocks ." My response is ... of all the
            nerve.



            Mike




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0013864
