Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 11:46 PM
            To:                      McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
            Subject:                  Re: Update on Senator Dyson's Native Commission Proposal


            Thank you. And does Walter travel? Or should we go there?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "McBride, Rhonda (GOV)" <rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov>



            Date: Mon,.24 Mar 2008 16:06:22

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: RE: Update on Senator Dyson's Native Commission Proposal




            Thanks.   I will get you a copy of Harold Napoleon's book right away. I think Senator
            Dyson is feeling his age here.   He reminds me of some other people in his age bracket who
            get grumpy and impatient, because they know the clock is running out - and they're
            passionate about getting something done.   Fred has raised so many foster children of
            alcoholic parents.  His heart is in the right place - and hopefully Randy Ruaro and I can
            sit down with him soon -- and talk about what the state can and can't do to make his
            vision a reality. He's in a big hurry to get started right away. But we need to make him
            understand that his vision would be better served by some good planning - and the right
            timing - which would be at AFN.



            I think it would help greatly if you could visit with Dr. Walter Soboleff. This would do
            a lot to reassure Senator Dyson of your commitment.



            In the meantime ,    I'll get Harold's book out to you in the mail.




            Rhonda




            From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah®yahoo.com]

              Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 2:53 PM
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013876
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To: McBride , Rhonda (GOV)

             Cc: Kelly, Russell T ( GOV); Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV); Nizich , Michael A (GOV); Jollie,
            Tara L ( CED); Perry , Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey , Frank T ( GOV); fek9wnr@yahoo.com;
            Privileged or Personal   MI
              Subject: Re: Update on Senator Dyson's Native Commission Proposal



            Excellent update on this, thanks Rhonda. May I get a copy of that book? And it's
            unfortunate that Dyson's been so hostile towards us about this idea since he first
            approached us with it last year, I said it sounded great & asked him to work with our Leg
            Liason (who's not on the 3rd floor anymore) and let me know what I could do to help... he
            never got back with us until he wrote a pretty scathing letter re: why we hadn't followed
            through on his request to set this up. He understands our time constraints we're always
            under, but I understand his passion for this, and I share it - just wish he could help
            with more of the logistics of setting everything up, as he says he's been desiring this
            and working for it for some years. Please continue to work with him on this commission or
            committee, hopefully he'll take some ownership of this and work with like-minded
            legislators and members of the public to assist us in setting this up.



              "McBride, Rhonda (GOV)" <rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov> wrote:

            DRAFT:

            NATIVE COMMISSION PROPOSAL

            March 21, 2008




            BACKGROUND




            Senator Fred Dyson met with the Governor in early 2007 to discuss reconvening the Alaska
            Natives Commission -- a joint Federal-State body, created by Congress in 1990, to review
            policies and programs that affect Alaska Natives.




            Senator Dyson says two men inspired him to take action:




            * Dr. Walter Soboleff, a Tlingit elder who will turn 100 years old this November.



                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0013877
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             * Harold Napoleon , author of "Yuuyaraq: Way of the Human Being ." Napoleon wrote this
             book while serving time in prison for battering his son to death in an alcoholic blackout.
               The book gives a historical perspective on why Alaska Natives abuse alcohol.




            THE VISION . Walter Soboleff and Harold Napoleon want a state task force comprised of
            Native elders:




               to review the Commission ' s report




               to assess the status of Alaska Natives since the report came out in 1994.




               to find out how much progress has been made on the report ' s recommendations.




            Senator Dyson says there's a spiritual aspect to this as well -- that Soboleff and
            Napoleon believe God directed them to him , to help make their vision a reality.




            Some of the goals Dyson describes:




                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0013878
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            * to "redirect Alaska Native attention to spiritual values and transformation"




            * to bring together "a group of godly men and women from Alaska's Native peoples to meet
            and study the many Native problems and identify solutions."




            Originally, Dyson considered introducing legislation to resurrect the "Alaska Native
            Commission ," but said it would be difficult to restrict members of the panel to "people
            with deep spiritual conviction."




            Dyson now believes it would be easier for the Governor to appoint such a panel by
            executive order.




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                4




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0013879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            CURRENT STATUS




            This issue was brought to my attention in mid-February .            I've met with the key players.




            *   2/26/08 .   Met with Harold Napoleon

            *   2/27/08 .   Met with Fred Dyson.

            * 2/29/08 . Met with Fred Dyson & Dr . Walter Soboleff




            HAROLD NAPOLEON MEETING




            This meeting was quite emotional .  I've known Harold Napoleon for many years, but he's
            never spoken so intimately of the day his son died - the day his spiritual journey began.




            At the time , Napoleon was head of the Association of Village Council Presidents, one of
            Southwest Alaska's most powerful leaders.




            But alcohol brought an end to all that. Napoleon described the confusion when he awoke in
            a strange place after a night of heavy drinking -- how Trooper Jerry Hooper gently told
            him what he had done , even took him outside to get some air. Napoleon said time literally
            stopped in the room where he was held - that it seemed like hours had gone by . But when he

                                                                 5




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 0013880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             looked at the clock, only five minutes had passed.




             And from that day in1984 forward, time would keep dragging on. Napoleon spent nine years
             in prison . But out of this time of darkness came an important book -- that sheds new
             light on old problems.




             While in prison, Napoleon had time to talk with other Native inmates - and found they had
             so much in common .  These discussions sparked a desire to learn the root causes of Native
             alcoholism .  In his book , Yuuyaraq ( you-yuh - hawk ) : The Way of the Human Being," he
             discounted the role of genetics -- and said the primary cause of alcoholism is spiritual
             not physical.




             Governor Walter Hickel was among those deeply moved by the book. He later tapped
             Napoleon as an advisor in efforts to bring about a change in the Native condition.




             Napoleon now believes genetics it plays a greater role than he once thought, but he still
             believes the central issue is inter - generational trauma. Today he talks about this trauma
             passes from generation to generation through child abuse.




             To break this chain of death and self - destruction , Napoleon says Alaska Natives must
             return to the source of cultural breakdown -- the 'Great Death," a series of epidemics
             which struck Native communities from the 1770 ' s to the 1940 ' s, which wiped out the "old
             culture."




            Napoleon says Alaska Natives do not realize that Native culture today is very different
            from what existed before the "Great Death."




                                                            6




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0013881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Napoleon believes a Native Commission could make a big difference, by helping Natives
            understand their past - a process that will take open and honest communication.




            DR. WALTER SOBOLEFF MEETING




            This meeting was also quite powerful.   How often do you get to sit down with a 99-year-
            old man, who is so clear in mind and heart -- so humble , yet so great?




            Aside from reviewing the Alaska Native Commission report , Walter Soboleff would like to
            use the commisison as a vehicle to reconnect Alaska Natives to their " old culture " - which
            was governed by an elaborate set of rules to promote good behavior.




            "Good behavior is prevention ," Walter said . " We have the best of doctors , clinics,
            everything , but now we need to let people know they need to behave themselves."




            Soboleff says the commission needs to focus on "delinquent parents," because            "parental
            delinquency is contagious."




            Some of the other concepts he would like the commission to promote among Alaska Natives.




            * The road of progress is under construction and you are one of the workers.


                                                           7




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0013882
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            * Every village, every community is a teacher. And a community teaches us well. We must
            ask:   what kind of lessons are Alaska Native communities teaching today?




            * All cultures have family values, cultural commandments. Take the best of each culture.
            Take the best of both worlds.




            * Share codes of conduct and protocol from different Native Cultures.




            * Native people need to speak out about bad behavior. We act because we care. If we
            don't speak -- and don't act, it means we don't care.




            * Good people need to support the helpless, but sometimes good people are too busy.




            FEEDBACK FROM OTHER ALASKA NATIVE LEADERS




                                                          8




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0013883
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            * Most like the idea of a Native Commission to explore Native issues and give feedback to
            the Governor.   They point out that other states with much smaller Native populations than
            Alaska have departments set-up to deal with tribal groups. They would like to see
            something similar and see the commission as a good start.




            * Senator Dyson gave us a list of people to tap for the commission. All were Native
            religious leaders.  Almost all of the Native leaders I spoke with think this panel should
            have broader representation.




            * A number of leaders say they would like to see a mix of elders and young leaders on the
            panel.   They believe this would energize and inspire a growing number of talented young
            Natives.




            * Some wanted to see subsistence included.    Others felt that this would be too divisive -
            that nothing would result and the commission would lose credibility.




            * Some say the scope of this task force should   be limited - that if it was asked to do too
            many things, it would fail -- that it would be   better for the Governor to give this board
            one assignment with a short time frame.   Upon   completion, the Governor and the group
            would decide whether the board should live on.   If so, they would then decide what the
            next task would be.




            * Others thought the group should serve as an advisory board to the Rural Advisor, who

                                                         9



                                                                                                                         I

                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0013884
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             12



                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0013887
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            would pass on their input on current issues to the governor.




            RECOMMENDATIONS




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              10




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0013885
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Rhonda McBride



            Rural Affairs Advisor


                                                              13




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0013888
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Office of the Governor



            Atwood Building, Suite 1700



             550 West 7th Avenue



            Anchorage, Alaska 99501



            Tel:    (907) 269-7451



            E-Mail :    Rhonda . McBride@alaska.gov




                                                               14




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0013889
