Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 2:32 PM
            To:                      'fishingketchikan@kpunet.net'
            Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 12:19 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game



            Web mail from:     Ken Teune

            address: PO Box 793 Ward Cove AK 99928

             907-247-8488




            MESSAGE:

                                                                                March 20, 2008

            The Honorable Sarah Palin

            Governor of Alaska

            P.O. Box 110001

            Juneau, AK 99811-0001



            Mr. Eric Olson

            Chairman

            North Pacific Fishery Management Council

            605 West 4th , Suite 306

            Anchorage ,   Alaska 99501-2252




            Dear Governor Palin and Chairman Olson:
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013913
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            All of us who have signed below are writing you to express our strong support for a fixed
            annual allocation of at least 1.9 million pounds of halibut in Area 2C and 4.15 million
            pounds of halibut in Area 3A for charter fishing off Alaska. Sport caught fish is one of
            Alaska ' s most value - added resources , and contributes tens of millions of dollars to the
            economies of coastal communities in Southeast and Southcentral Alaska.



            Alaska needs a charter industry with stability. Adopting a fixed pound allocation of at
            least 1 . 9 million pounds for Area 2C and 4.15 million pounds for Area 3A would provide for
            the continuation of the charter industry in Alaska as it exists today. Allocating 6.05
            million pounds - only 8.2 percent of the average amount of halibut allocated each year by
            the International Pacific Halibut Commission ( IPHC ) to the fisheries off Alaska - is a
            reasonable solution.    It is the level that most closely tracks what charter anglers caught
            in 2005, the year the Council chose as the control date for the charter fleet moratorium.
            6.05 million pounds is far less than the 11 million plus pounds of halibut taken annually
            by commercial fisheries in the form of bycatch under rules recommended by the Council, and
            just 10 . 4 percent of the 58 million pounds allocated on average by the IPHC to the
            commercial halibut fleet off Alaska since 1998.



            The charter industry differs from the commercial industry in that it depends on stability
            and advance notice of rulesmost clients book their trips a year out .  Charter operators
            cannot significantly increase or decrease capacity from year to year to adjust to annual
            increases or decreases in allocation .  They simply can't build more rooms or put more
            people on a boat they don't have, any more than they can afford to mothball rooms or boats
            they do have.    The charter fleet is also different from the commercial fleet because they
            do not sell pounds of fish, they sell a fishing experience , which is based on client
            expectations of the opportunity to catch fish .  To remain competitive in the global
            marketplace , Alaskan charter operators need to reliably offer their clients the
            opportunity to catch two halibut a day, something they have traditionally been able to do
            for decades.



            The North Pacific Fishery Management Council has adopted numerous different management
            regimes for fisheries off Alaska. Each is tailored to best meet the needs of that
            particular fishing industry segment.   The Council needs to adopt a management scheme that
            makes sense for the charter industry, and should not adopt measures simply because they
            mirror how the commercial fleet is managed. A fixed pound allocation of at least 1.9
            million pounds for Area 2C and 4.15 million pounds for Area 3A will provide certainty and
            stability for both the charter industry and the commercial industry. It will also ensure
            that the State, the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, NMFS, and the commercial and
            charter industry participants won't have to devote significant time and resources to
            annual changes in halibut regulations.



            Thank you for your consideration of this letter.



            Respectfully,




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0013914
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Name



            Company

            Signature

            Ken Teune

            Northern Lights Charters

            Kenneth P. Teune




            fishingketchikan@kpunet.net




                                                         3
