Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 3:11 PM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject :                Re: for your approval


             Thank you- looks good

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Mon, 24 Mar 2008 11:58:56

             To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: for your approval




            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                  No.
            08-041




            Governor Palin Announces Board Appointments

            March 24, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced appointments to the
            Fishermen's Fund Advisory and Appeals Council, Alaska Retirement Management Board and
            Prince William Sound Oil Spill Recovery Institute.



            Fishermen's Fund Advisory and Appeals Council

            Governor Palin appointed Mark Saldi of Skagway to the State Fishermen's Fund Board.

            The six-member Council oversees the administration of the Fishermen's Fund and consults
            with the commissioner of the Department of Labor and workforce Development regarding
            negative decisions on appeals filed in relation to care of sick and disabled fishermen.

            Saldi has been a commercial fisherman for 28 years, working in a variety of positions,
            including deckhand, mate and skipper, on many vessels in different fisheries around the
            state.  He holds a Coast Guard 200-ton ocean master license and five commercial fisheries
            limited-entry permits.   Saldi is a past member of Skagway's Economic Development Committee
            and Ports and Harbors Committee.   He received a bachelor's degree in business
            administration from Colorado State University. Saldi will serve a five-year term
            representing District 2.



            Alaska Retirement Management Board

            Governor Palin reappointed Martin Pihl of Ketchikan, Tom Richards of Fairbanks and Michael
            Williams of Anchorage to the Retirement Management Board.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013908
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The nine-member Board is comprised of the commissioners of the Departments of Revenue and
             Administration and seven trustees appointed by the Governor who are professionally
             credentialed or have recognized competence in investment management, finance, banking,
             economics, accounting, pension, administration or actuarial analysis.

             Pihl is a certified public accountant who is a public member of the Board. He is a past
             member of the Alaska Permanent Fund Corp. and is the former president and general manager
             of Ketchikan Pulp Company.   Pihl has served on a variety of community and state-level
             boards, including the Alaska State Pension Investment Board and the Ketchikan Ports and
             Harbors Advisory Board.   He is a former regent of Pacific Lutheran University and has
             served as a director of National Bank of Alaska. He currently is a member of the Wells
             Fargo Bank Alaska Statewide Advisory Board. Pihl earned a bachelor's degree in accounting
             from the University of Washington. He will serve a four-year term.

             Richards has served on the state's Teachers' Retirement System Board for the past year.
              He is a lifelong Alaskan and 27-year educator in the Fairbanks North Star Borough School
             District.   Richards has served on the Northern Schools Federal Credit Union Board as well
             as on the Alaska Bond and Reimbursement Committee. He earned a bachelor's degree in
             zoology from the University of Idaho and a master's in education from Western Oregon
             University.   He will serve a four-year term.

            Williams, who works as an auditor with the Alaska Department of Revenue, fills a union
            seat on the board. He is a professional accountant and is certified by the International
            Foundation for Employee Benefit Plans and also by the IRS office of Professional
            Responsibility. Williams earned a bachelor's degree in accounting and German and a
            master's in professional accountancy, both from Weber State University. He will serve a
            four-year term.



             Prince William Sound Oil Spill Recovery Institute

            Governor Palin appointed David Totemoff Sr., of the Prince William Sound community of
            Tatitlek , to the Prince William Sound Oil Spill Recovery Institute.

            The Institute is administered by the Prince William Sound & Technology institute located
            in Cordova.  Its purpose is to identify and develop the best available techniques,
            equipment and materials for dealing with oil spills in the Arctic and subarctic marine
            environment and to complement federal and state damage - assessment efforts and determine,
            document, assess and understand the long-range effects of Arctic or subarctic oil spills.

            Totemoff is a senior Native leader. He is 100 percent Aleut and is a lifelong Alaskan with
            15 years of commercial fishing experience. Since 1976, he has been employed with BP on the
            North Slope . He serves as BP's community liaison to the Prince William Sound area, and is
            also on the board of directors for Chugach Alaska Corp.



            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director



            (907) 269-7450 Anchorage

            (907) 465-4031 Juneau

            (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0013909
