Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 11:20 AM
            To:                      'gov. sarah @yahoo. com'; Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject :                Cruise ship General permit


            I recieved a briefing this morning from commissioner Hartig and his staff regarding the
            general permit for cruise ship discharges. It is going to be issued and released later
            today or tommorrow.



            The department is siding with the unitiative sponsors and not allowing a mixing zone.
            They are, however, going to utilize a compliance schedule to try and accommodate the
            reality that the ships cannot possibly retrofit their vessels this season. Gershon Cohen
            acknowledged the need to be reasonable in a meeting with the department two weeks ago.



            The heart of this debate comes down to the design of the State's water quality
            regulations.  They are calibrated for ambient conditions... which is the condition the
            water would be in after dilution. Basically, this is a back-door effort to wage war on
            mixing zones.  Let me explain.



            The cruise ships do not persently have the technology to discharge water quality standard
            water at the end of the pipe. That would require that the water in the pipe is good
            enough for fish to swim in. Gershon wants the Cruise industry to spend the money that it
            will take to meet those standards. He believes they are making enough profit to cover
            those expenditures.  Once the cruise industry has proven up that technology, he wants to
            move on to other industries.



            Here's the problem with that approach. The cruisers contend that they will not make the
            investment necessary to meet the standards. Instead, they will take the ships outside of
            state waters and discharge freely out in the gulf. This will result in less time in
            communities and have a negative economic impact. That will, in turn, result in southeast
            legislators supporting changes to the law later on. . .presumably as soon as next session.
            Of course they would like to do it this session.



            With all this as context, the general permit will contain a compliance schedule that will
            allow the ships to operate as-is this year, but will require progressive steps in future
            years.  It is possible that the industry will react very negatively. The enviros may react
            negatively, but may not.



            The department intends to issue a positive press release and fact sheet. Again, that will
            be later today or tommorrow. If you have any questions or concerns, please let me know.



            Joe




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0013928
