Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 12:52 PM
             To:                      valleymoosetrack@hotmail.com
             Subject:                 RE: Public-Safety


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need', suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Sunday, March 23, 2008 10:55 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Public_Safety



            Web mail from: Ms. Valerie Luczak

            address:    2242 East Carney Road Wasilla AK 99654




            MESSAGE:

             In this season of Hope and Renewal, Easter and Ester (Purim) I would like to request a
            state resolution sent to the federal government that Alaska wants diplomacy and not a
            premptive nuclear attack on Iran ( as seems to be  the plan' and looms over us who have no
            say).  I also ask this on a selfish note, as we are in close proximity to their most
            powerful ally, Russia, and cannot be assured that retailiatory actions won't be taken upon
            our beloved state, it's people and resources. I wrote something. similar to the
            legislators in a POM today as well. I think it time we , as a state , voice outrage at the
            killing of innocent civilians, wherever they might be, and work worldwide for diplomatic
            answers to seemingly impossible situations.   I am a person of faith, in the Presence, and
            feel it is time for us to stand together for peace and the health of the planet and it's
            inhabitants.  We must make a concerted effort to eliminate GREED , and attempt to share
            responsibility with our fellow 'ear

            thlings'.    Happy Easter 2008, Valerie Luczak



            valleymoosetrack@hotmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_ 0013925
