Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 8:10 AM
             To:                      Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, March 22, 2008 9:38 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: David Bunnell

             address : P.O. Box 728 Sterling AK 99672

              907-262-7909



             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,



             I have lived in Alaska since 1971, I am 63 years old and I am so proud of the job you are
             doing. Please do not let the lawmakers have any slack, if they can't truly justify their
             supplemental budget requests then VETO them as you promised. Don't back up an inch, if you
             do, they will just keep pressing you until they find that you will eventually cave and go
             along with them on this and future things of the same nature.



             I can not describe how good it feels to have someone like you leading us. My hat is off to
             your parents for instilling into you what is right and wrong and for you to believe in
             yourself when making those tough decisions that have to be made.



             I would like to suggest that the money in the PFD be used to build the gas line and that
             all of us become owners with a proportionate ownership of the profits.



             Try to ignore Dan Fagen, he is just an outsider that is trying to make a name for himself
             here where he could not do it elsewhere. =)



             Congratulations on your baby to be.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0013937
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Keep up the good work and don't give'm any slack.



             Respectfully yours, David Bunnell




            dbunnell@gci.net




                                                           2
