Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 12:46 PM
            To:                      shalini_hanspal@hotmail.com
            Subject:                 RE: Environment


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Sunday, March 23, 2008 2:08 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Environment



            Web mail from: Ms. Shalini Aguilera

            address: 1301 Medfra Street, Unit B, Anchorage AK 99501

             6468987671



            MESSAGE:

            Your quote above this page states that you would welcome ALL comments, concerns, ideas,
            and questions. Therefore, I would appreciate if you not only welcomed what I am about to
            say, but gave it serious thought and responded.



            I have read things about you that I find are completely irresponsible in this day and age.
            I have read that you are one of the biggest opponents of the wellbeing of wolves and other
            wildlife, in favor of oil (which to me just sounds like you favor cash). I have read that
            you elected one of your high school coaches to sit on the Board of Game. You have
            introduced legislation that will deny anyone in favor of protecting wildlife the right to
            vote in your own state. Can you sit back and honestly tell me that this is the work of a
            responsible politician?



            I am someone who has a deep love and connection to the wolf in particular, as well as all
            of wildlife. I do not believe that humans should be termed a superior species and
            therefore be given sole rights to the world, and neither do I support a select few to do
            so. Have you ever seen a wolf being shot at from the air? It doesn't die immediately,
            being such a strong and willful creature. Neither is it allowed to recuperate, despite its
            immense stamina . Is it really that entertaining to you, to watch a living being run into
            exhaustion by a bunch of pompous "hunters" from a helicopter that laugh at it as it bleeds
            its heart out? Does that not bother you? Would you allow it if say, a human was in that
            wolf's place? Would you change your mind if it was you?
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013926
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I know what a majority of misguided people think. They say that animals don't feel pain,
            don't comprehend emotions, don't have a consciousness . I say it is all completely wrong.
            We are not an exception to this world, unless you count our stupidity. All animals feel,
            and to a great extent - it's a necessity for survival. If they didn't feel pain, they
            wouldn't try so hard to live.



            I also believe that when people talk of wildlife management, they assume that means you
            just kill any quota of animals you find. I say it's wrong. There are many species that
            have a certain social dynamic in their given groups. A wolf pack functions with one or two
            leaders. The loss of that or those leaders is devastating to the pack, who are then thrust
            into confusion until someone else is able to take over.



            I don't know how much of what I say will actually get through to you, but I refuse to
            stand by and allow you to commit such a grave and completely irrational mistake.



            Sincerely

            Shalini Aguilera



            shalini_hanspal@hotmail.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0013927
