Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Monday , March 24, 2008 3:35 PM
                To:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
                Cc:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Please let others know...




                From : Myrna Brown [mailto:mbrown@ccthita.org]
                Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 3:08 PM
                To: nicole.hallingstad@sealaska.com; Ella Bennett; Thea Brown; kate.kokotovich@sealaska.com;
                gary.droubay@goldbelt.com; angel.culp@goldbelt.com; norman.flood@goldbelt.com; Kathy Miller;
                peter@kootznoowoo.com; amalia.monreal@searhc.org; Andrew Ebona; Alfred McKinley, Sr.; Donnelly,
                Bernice M (EED); bobloescher@gci.net; Brad Fluetsch; bethel@gci.net; Connie Munro; Chris McNeil;
                carolee.martin@searhc.org; dcadiente@gci.net; Brown, Darrell (HAL); Don Bremner; Corpuz, Elena
                (DOA); Ethel Lund; Gomez, Shelly (HSS); gastineau_eagles@jsd.kl2.ak.us; Ishmael Hope; jfjll; Judy
                Mason; Kolvig, Keiitha 3 (ACS); Maureen Brown; Michele Metz; Miller, Mary E (DOL);
                makookesh@hotmall.com; memartin@gci.net; marietta.hopkins@sealaska.com; Norman Sarabia; Percy
                Martin; pexendine@gci.net; Jackson, Patsy A; Ronald Williams; Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Renee Culp; Sue
                Ann Lindoff; Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Vicki Soboleff.; Diane Carrier
                Subject: Please let others know...

                The Alaska Native Brotherhood Camp 2 and Central Council of Tlingit and Haida Indian
                Tribes of Alaska proudly announces the next Native Issues Forum scheduled for this
                coming Wednesday , March 26th featuring Peggy Cowan , Superintendent of Juneau
                Schools and Native Education Committee member and Elder Selina Everson. We've
                contacted our legislators and staff encouraging their representation to this important
                educational forum . Please share with others.

                Thank you so much ; have a great day!




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0013939
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                           Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) (govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Monday, March 24 , 2008 2:41 PM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: NWBC Engage ) March 2008 Issue




                From: National Women's Business Council [mailto:info@nwbc.mmsend.com] On Behalf Of National
                Women's Business Council
                Sent: Monday, March 24, 2008 9:23 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: NWBC Engage! March 2008 Issue




                 to this Issue
                                                  Council Hosts Successful Town Hall Meet
                   March 2008
                                                  Columbus
                              Council Hosts
                   Columbus Town Hall                     On March 12 in Columbus, Ohio, the National Womer
                   Meeting                                held the first of three town hall meetings for women
                              Council                     scheduled for 2008 . The free event, which attracted r
                   Discusses 2008                 participants, provided an opportunity for the Council to hear ,
                   Priorities                     population of women business owners who may not be involy
                              Comment             public policy process. The Council will hold similar town hall '
                   Period Extended on             Texas on April 3 and Boca Raton, Florida on May 14. Visit wv
                   Women-Owned Small              information or to register.
                   Business Contracting
                   Rule
                              NWBC to              Read More >
                   Participate in
                   Procurement Conference
                              Small Business      Council Discusses 2008 Priorities at Mee'
                   Week Scheduled for
                 { April                                     On March 13, the Council held a semi-annual meeting
                            M arch i s                       of The Longaberger Company in Newark , Ohio follows
                  Women's History Month                      Town Hall Meeting . The meeting was hosted by Cour
                            Women of              Longaberger at her company headquarters in order to mark t
                  Courage Honored on              Chair. During the meeting, Longaberger presided over the sv
                  International Women's           Council members . In addition , the Council discussed the statr
                  Day                             procurement, reviewed recent projects and discussed plans fi
                           SBA Launches
                  Online Contracting
                  Course
                           Office of              Read More >
                  Advocacy Identifies
                  Regulations Needing
                  Reform                          Comment Period Extended on Women-Oi
                           SBA Announces
                  Emerging 200 Cities             Business Contracting Rule
                                                         The U. S. Small Business Administration has reopenec



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0013940
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                National Women's Business Council - Engage!                                                             Page 2 of 3


                                               on the Women -Owned Small Business Federal Contract Assistance Procedures (72
                                               FR 73285 ) proposed rule. The original comment period was from December 27,
                                               2007, through February 25, 2008, but the SBA reopened the comment period until
                                               March 31, 2008 to accommodate the great level of interest that the proposed rule
                                               has generated.

                       www. nwbc.gov            Read More;,


                                               NWBC to Participate in Procurement Conference

                                                       NWBC once again will be participating in the Office of Small and
                                                       Disadvantaged Business Utilization's (OSDBU) 18th Annual Procurement
                                                       Conference at the Show Place Arena in Upper Marlboro, Maryland on April
                                               24, 2008. The national one-day conference is geared to fostering business
                                               partnerships between the Federal government, prime contractors, and small,
                                               minority, veteran-owned, HubZone, and women-owned businesses.




                                                Read More >


                                               Small Business Week Events Scheduled for April
                                                       The Small Business Administration will mark National Small Business Week
                                                       2008 from April 21-25 . Beginning with three days of events in Washington,
                                                       D.C., the SBA will recognize more than 100 outstanding business owners
                                               from across the country . On April 24th, following DC - based events, Small Business
                                               Week will move to New York City, where SBA will participate in the closing bell
                                               ceremony at NASDAQ to commemorate the 20th anniversary ;of the Women's
                                               Business Ownership Act (HR. 5050 ), which established NWBC and the Women's
                                               Business Center program . NWBC will then serve as a host of a reception following
                                               the event, "Celebrating Women Entrepreneurs ," along with other women 's business
                                               organizations and corporate partners.

                                               Read More >


                                               March is Women 's History Month
                                                       The Council , along with several other government agencies, will be
                                                       celebrating Women's History Month at a special event on March 27 in
                                                       Washington, DC. The event, entitled Women Making History. .. Yesterday,
                                               Today and Tomorrow , is being organized by the National Women's History Month
                                               Inter-agency Committee . The program will include workshops on finance and
                                               career development, agency displays, and keynote remarks from Ms. Shinae Chun,
                                               Director of the Women 's Bureau at the U .S. Department of Labor.




                                                                                                                      Read More >


                                               Women of Courage Honored on International Women's
                                               Day
                                                    Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs Paula J.
                                                    Dobriansky honored eight women with 2008 International Women of
                                                    Courage Awards on March 10th, International Women's Day . Later that
                                           day, President and Mrs . Bush also honored the award winners at the White House
                                           at a ceremony attended by women members of Congress and cabinet members.
                                           NWBC Executive Director Margaret Barton attended both events.




                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0013941
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                                                   Page 3 of 3



                                               Read More >

                                           SBA Launches Online Contracting Course
                                                     The U.S. Small Business Administration recently launched a free online
                                                     course called Business Opportunities: A Guide to Winning Federal
                                                     Contracts. The Instructional, self-paced guide, available on SBA's Website
                                           at www.sba.aov/traininq, is designed for all small businesses, especially women
                                           entrepreneurs and small firms In underserved markets that have historically had
                                           difficulty in tapping Into federal contract markets. The course provides information
                                           about the $400 billion federal market, contract rules, and most importantly, where
                                           to find contract opportunities and how to sell to the government.




                                               Read More >
                                                ...........................................................................................................

                                           Office of Advocacy Identifies Regulations Needing
                                           Reform
                                                   As part of Its Regulatory Review and Reform ( r3) initiative, the SBA Office
                                                   of Advocacy recently announced the 2008 Top 10 Rules for Review and
                                                   Reform . The Top 10 are drawn from over 80 rules nominated by small
                                           business owners and their representatives and recommendations for addressing
                                           these rules have been transmitted to the appropriate federal agencies . Making the
                                           Top 10 is a recommendation to simplify the home office business deduction.



                                               Read More >


                                           SBA Announces Emerging 200 Cities
                                                   On March 11, the Small Business Administration announced the selection of
                                                    11 cities to participate in the Emerging 200 initiative , a jobs and growth
                                                   stimulation effort targeting promising Inner-city small businesses. The
                                           designated cities are Boston , Philadelphia , Baltimore, Memphis, Atlanta , Chicago,
                                           Milwaukee, Albuquerque, New Orleans, Des Moines and Oakland . The initiative will
                                           enable entrepreneurs from 200 small, Inner-city companies to participate In an
                                           intensive and comprehensive curriculum focused on developing winning, local
                                           strategies and attracting capital to fuel growth.

                                               Read More >




                                                                     Click b= to unsubscribe



                                                              National Women's Business Council
                                                                 409 Third St., SW, Suite 210
                                                                     Washington, DC 20024




                10/23/2009

                                                                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1_0013942
