Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Monday, March 24, 2008 10:03 AM
            To:                       jleerex@matnetcom
            Subject :                 RE: Elections


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, March 21, 2008 11:00 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections



            Web mail from :   Mr. Gerald Rexrode

            address :   POB 870725 Wasilla AK 99687

             907-373-7799




            MESSAGE:

            The Honorable Governor Sarah Palin:

            I have (or had) made up my mind not to vote for another Republican candidate in this great
            state of ours (so okay, other than supporting you) so long as the ethically challenged
            Randy Ruedrich remains at the head of the Republican Party of Alaska.

            I maintain my stance on that issue.

            I may, however, change my mind on that score to a limited extent now that our Lieutenant
            Governor, Sean Parnell, with your backing and support (thank you very much) has come out
            and challenged our excuse for a Congressman , Don Young.

            Thank you once again for your willingness to stand up for what you believe in and for what
            you think is right and proper.

            We need changes in the Republican Party of Alaska.

            Serious changes, beginning with leadership.

            High time to move the old guard out.

            Thank you very much,

            Gerald Rexrode

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0013934
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Wasilla



             jleerex@matnet.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0013935
