Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                       Monday, March 24, 2008 10:29 AM
            To:                         'lostinalaska@gci.net
            Subject:                    RE: Fish-and-Game


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need , suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj

            Sent: Sunday, March 23,        2008 6:00 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game




            Web mail from : Mr. Kevin Burchfield

            address :    7701 N.   Douglas Hwy Juneau AK 99801

             907.789.2269




            MESSAGE:




            The Honorable Sarah Palin

            Governor of Alaska

            P.O. Box 110001

           Juneau ,     AK 99811-0001




           Mr. Eric Olson

           Chairman

           North Pacific Fishery Management Council

            605 West 4th ,    Suite 306

           Anchorage , Alaska 99501-2252



                                                                    1



                                                                                                                                    I

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_ 0013929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Dear Governor Palin and Chairman Olson:



            I am writing you to express my strong support for a fixed annual allocation of at least
            1.9 million pounds of halibut in Area 2C and 4.15 million pounds of halibut in Area 3A for
            charter fishing off Alaska. Sport caught fish is one of Alaska's most value-added
            resources, and contributes tens of millions of dollars to the economies of coastal
            communities in Southeast and Southcentral Alaska.



            Alaska needs a charter industry with stability. Adopting a fixed pound allocation of at
            least 1.9 million pounds for Area 2C and 4.15 million pounds for Area 3A would provide for
            the continuation of the charter industry in Alaska as it exists today. Allocating 6.05
            million pounds - only 8.2 percent of the average amount of halibut allocated each year by
            the International Pacific Halibut Commission (IPHC) to the fisheries off Alaska - is a
            reasonable solution.  It is the level that most closely tracks what charter anglers caught
            in 2005, the year the Council chose as the control date for the charter fleet moratorium.
            6.05 million pounds is far less than the 11 million plus pounds of halibut taken annually
            by commercial fisheries in the form of bycatch under rules recommended by the council, and
            just 10.4 percent of the 58 million pounds allocated on average by the IPHC to the
            commercial halibut fleet off Alaska since 1998.



            The charter industry differs from the commercial industry in that it depends on stability
            and advance notice of rules-most clients book their trips a year out. Charter operators
            cannot significantly increase or decrease capacity from year to year to adjust to annual
            increases or decreases in allocation.  They simply can't build more rooms or put more
            people on a boat they don't have, any more than they can afford to mothball rooms or boats
            they do have.   The charter fleet is also different from the commercial fleet because they
            do not sell pounds of fish; they sell a fishing experience, which is based on client
            expectations of the opportunity to catch fish. To remain competitive in the global
            marketplace, Alaskan charter operators need to reliably offer their clients the
            opportunity to catch two halibut a day, something they have traditionally been able to do
            for decades.



           The North Pacific Fishery Management Council has adopted numerous different management
           regimes for fisheries off Alaska. Each is tailored to best meet the needs of that
           particular fishing industry segment .  The Council needs to adopt a management scheme that
           makes sense for the charter industry, and should not adopt measures simply because they
           mirror how the commercial fleet is managed. A fixed pound allocation of at least 1.9
           million pounds for Area 2C and 4.15 million pounds for Area 3A will provide certainty and
           stability for both the charter industry and the commercial industry. It will also ensure
           that the State, the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, NMFS , and the commercial and
           charter industry participants won't have to devote significant time and resources to
           annual changes in halibut regulations.



            Thank you for your consideration of this letter.



           Respectfully,




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0013930
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Capt . J. Kevin Burchfield

            Owner/Guide

            Lost In Alaska Adventures




            lostinalaska@gci.net




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0013931
