Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 24, 2008 10:27 AM
            To:                      bayless@mtaonline.net
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need , suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Sunday, March 23, 2008 6:57 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Jeff Bayless

            address :   234 E. Eagle Ave Palmer AK 99645

             907.841.8554




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            I am and have been the captain in charge of the airport heights fire station (station
            three) of the Anchorage Fire Department. It is my understanding that replacement funding
            for it is currently included in the supplemental budget.

            In the event it makes it to your desk I request that you support its replacement by
            allowing it to remain in the budget. I recognize that it is both a large amount of money
            (for the city) and at the same time relatively small.

            Fire station three is 45 years old and while it has been well cared for by the crews and
            maintained by the city it presents ongoing maintenance challenges which will require
            extensive and expensive work to resolve.

            With our additional tasking as the USAR station for the city and tri-borough area we need
            additional space for apparatus and the associated gear and equipment which is currently
            housed in different places.

            Thank You for your support.



            bayless@mtaonline.net
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0013932
