Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :     Lois Epstein [lois@aktransportation.org]
                Sent:      Monday, March 24, 2008 11:38 AM
                To:        mike. rabbe@poa02.usace.army, mil; glen. e.justis@poa02. usace.army. mil; meade .chris@epa.gov;
                           combes.marcia@epa.gov; kellogg.greg@epa.gov; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
                Cc:        Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: Three recent Juneau Road items (by legislators and the Mayor of Ketchikan) that are well worth
                         reading
                I hope you will factor these important materials into your thinking about the Juneau Road:

                      1)  A bipartisan letter from six legislators to the House Finance Committee asking the Committee
                         Co-Chairs to re-appropriate money currently dedicated to the Juneau Road project to the Alaska
                         Marine Highway System Fund (AS 19.65.060) - attached,
                      2) A detailed letter from the Mayor of Ketchikan to the ADOT & PF Commissioner expressing his
                         concerns about the lack of candor and objectivity shown by DOT officials in their testimony on
                         February 26 before the Senate Transportation Committee at its "Financial Oversight Hearing on
                         the Juneau Road Project" - attached, and
                      3) The opinion piece, below, by Senator Elton in the Juneau Empire regarding DOT's use of
                         statistics in that same hearing.

                Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you.

                Lois N. Epstein, P.E.
                Director
                Alaska Transportation Priorities Project
                308 G St., Suite 221
                Anchorage, AK 99501
                ph: 907 929-9372
                fax: 907 929-1562
                lois@aktransportation.org
                www.aktransportation.org

                Promoting sensible transportation systems in Alaska




                htta:l/iuneauempire com/stones/031208/opi 256205147.shtml#mdw-comments

                Wednesday, March 12, 2008

                Story last updated at 3/12/2008 - 9:39 am

                My Turn: Transportation department road stats fail to
                illuminate
                By Kim Elton I Juneau Empire



                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0013946
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3


                Pat Kemp, a good public servant and vocal Lynn Canal road advocate for many years, mentioned my
                Feb. 29 newsletter in his recent opinion piece. Here's what the 1,175 newsletter subscribers read:

                The Department of Transportation and Public Facilities is losing street cred faster than Idaho Sen. Larry
                Craig.

                The transportation department's credibility problem arises because some managers use statistics the way
                Vin Scully says a drunk uses a lamp post. The value of a lamp post to the inebriated is it props you up.
                But for policy makers the real value should be illumination.

                The transportation department pooh-bahs are not tipplers but neither are they fully committed to using
                statistics for illumination. Let's review the statistics they used advocating for the Lynn Canal road to a
                new ferry terminal opposite Haines.

                Transportation department statistic 1: (Ferry system ) costs over 12 years are equivalent to about six
                Juneau Access projects. My reaction to this statistical lamp post is : Comparing the proposed Lynn Canal
                road costs to the cost of the entire ferry system over 12 years is no more appropriate than comparing the
                costs of the entire state highway system over 12 years to the cost of a new ferry.

                Transportation department statistic 2: The number of vehicle miles traveled on the ferry system is 0.5
                percent of vehicle miles on state roads. My reaction to this statistical lamp post is: The huge majority of
                vehicle miles on state roads is commuter traffic in Alaska's big cities. Ferries go from town to town, not
                downtown to the suburbs.

                Transportation department statistic 3: The cost per vehicle mile on the highways is far less than the cost
                per vehicle mile on the marine highway system. My reaction to this statistical lamp post is: So what?
                This is, at best, a meaningless figure and at worst purposefully misleading. Ferries don't have the tens
                and tens and tens of thousands of daily vehicle miles that accrue because of the intra-urban state roads
                that move big city commuters. Ferries don't do drags like Egan Expressway, the A-C couplet, Tudor,
                Dimond, or O'Malley, or all the other Anchorage and Fairbanks state roads that move drivers from home
                to job and job to the grocery store. Massive numbers from commuter volume obviously distort any cost
                comparisons with ferries that don't serve commuters.

                Transportation department statistic 4: The projected inflation rate used to help support the estimated
                $350 million road cost is 4 percent per year over the course of a 12-year construction period. My
                reaction to this statistical lamp post: Remember, this third of a billion dollar cost estimate, based on 4
                percent inflation for the next 12 years, comes from the same folks who estimated the cost of the one-
                mile Third Avenue project in Ketchikan at $6 million while the final cost was four times that.

                I'm especially aggrieved by transportation department statistic 4. On a Tuesday, transportation
                department officials projected yearly inflation for the Lynn Canal Highway over 12 years will be 4
                percent. On the day after, they testified in support of a $1 billion endowment for future road projects by
                noting inflation was 80 percent for paving and 60 percent for earthmoving in the past seven years.

                Let's repeat this: Transportation department folks touted a theoretical 4 percent inflation rate in support
                of the road, but the next day they touted a real inflation rate of 10 percent-plus to convince us to back $1
                billion for future, unspecified, road spending. It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes, known for cracking the 7
                percent solution caper, to intuit there may be mischief afoot with the transportation department's
                situational statistics.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0013947
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                Transportation department officials lose street cred (in this case, road cred) massaging statistics to suit
                the advocacy on proposals adding up to $1 .35 billion ($ 1 billion for the transportation project fund and
                $350 million-plus for the road). That's a lot of money - 1.35 billion seconds ago it was 1942.

                When we deal with that much money let's find statistics that illuminate . The lamp posts and the lamps
                are supposed to light the way, not just prop us up.

                · Kim Elton, D-Juneau, is an Alaska state senator.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0013948
