Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah©yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 5:35 PM
            To:                      Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
            Cc:                      Nizich ; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Suicide Prevention - ABADA Rep


            Sounds good thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

           From: "Bailey, Frank T (GOV)" <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 25 Mar 2008 16:47:51

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizichealaska.gov>

           Subject: Suicide Prevention - ABADA Rep




           Governor,



           There is a spot on the Suicide Prevention Council that is filled by a name put forward by
           the Alaska Board of Alcoholism and Drug Abuse (ABADA).



           Bernard Gate wood of Fairbanks is the choice of ABADA but gets officially appointed by you.
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                      Here is his
           backgroun      rom        .



           Bernard has worked with the Division of Juvenile Justice for 20 years. In addition, he
           has worked with children and families in a variety of human services areas including
           education and mental health.  He holds a masters in counseling, which informs his
           experience and insight into behavioral health issues faced by Alaska's children and their
           families.



           Bernard is a "bridge builder." With DJJ and in his community, he has worked to promote
           effective working relationships between people of different ethnicities, backgrounds, and
           geographic perspectives. He served 7 years on the Fairbanks North Star Borough Health and
           Social Services Commission, sharing his experience and expertise on many community issues.
             His contributions have been recognized in a variety of ways over the years, to include
           the 2007 Commissioner' s Award for Child Abuse Prevention (DHHS, Administration on
           Children, Youth and Families - Alaska recipient) and the

           2007 Restorative Justice Award from the Alaska Native Justice Center.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0013996
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Frank Bailey

           Director, Boards and Commissions

           Office of Governor Sarah Palin

           907.465 . 3934   - Juneau

           907.269 . 7450 - Anchorage




                                                       2
