Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Monday, April 21, 2008 4:32 PM
              To:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                 FW: Elections




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state .ak.us       [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Sunday, April 20,      2008 2:51 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Elections



             Web mail from: Ms. Rachel Kastner

             address: Po Box 1513 Kenai AK 99611

              907-690-1068




             MESSAGE:

             Hi Governor Palin,




             I am writing a research paper for a class I am taking at KPC. I had the oppertunity to
             choose the topic, and I chose to write about the two democratic nominees that we have
             running for president. The topic of my paper is; "Are our two 2008 Democratic nominees
             good candidates for the presidency?"



             My two questions to you for my final research paper are:



             what is something (character, background, experience , beliefs, etc.) that defines, and
             makes a good candidate for the president of the United States of America?



            Do you think that Hillary or Barak (our two Democratic nominees) are good candidates for
            the presidency? Why?



             Please if you could reply to this ASAP I would greatly appreciate it. I do realize however
             that you are a very busy woman.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1 0015392
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Thank You



             Rachel Kastner



             souriante_smiley@hotmail.com
