Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   gov.palin©yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Monday, April 21, 2008 5:35 PM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Cut and paste to an email from the LG account

             Thank youl!!

             -----Original Message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date: Mon, 21 Apr 2008 14:45:38

             To:gov.palin@yahoo.com

             Subject: FW: Cut and paste to an email from the LG account




             This is what I sent to Lisa Denier, ADN. She asked two questions and I thought I'd just
             send this written response-. Sean



             To: ldemer@adn.com <mailto:ldemer@adn.com>



             Lisa,

             Thanks for calling. I'll send a quick note in response to your questions.



             My input on the big event-I'm extremely happy for Governor Palin, Todd, and the whole
             family. I had a chance today to briefly celebrate Trig's precious life by holding him-
             he's a beautiful baby boy and he's got two very joyful parents and lots of people who want
             to hold him. It brought back memories of holding our (Sandy & me) children when they were
             newborns-happy thoughts indeed!




             As to me taking on the Governor's responsibilities-I was asked to and did substitute for
             the governor yesterday (Sunday) in Juneau at an event-it was the "Annual Governor's
             Prayer Lunch" in Juneau. At this point I don't believe I have any other requests to
             substitute for the governor due to Trig's birth.



            All the best,



             Sean Parnell

            Lieutenant Governor


                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015389
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              .Unknown
              From :                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                       Monday, April 21, 2008 4:40 PM
              To:                         EdandME@pghmail.com
              Subject:                    RE: House budget SB221


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              From :   EdandME@pghmail . com [mailto : edandme@pghmail.com]

              Sent :   Monday ,   April 21 ,   2008 8:17 AM

              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

              Subject : House budget SB221




             Dear Governor:

              I ask you to support this bill and especiall




                                                                       1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0015390
