Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


                  Unknown
                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor©alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Monday, April 21, 2008 11:19 AM
                  To:      Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
                  Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Capital Budget Matching Funds for Anchorage Pools




                 From : James Lima [mailto:jlima@alaska.net)
                 Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 9:15 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Capital Budget Matching Funds for Anchorage Pools

                 The Honorable Sarah Palin
                 Governor

                 Dear Governor Palin:

                 Congratulations on the birth of your son. May God bless the child and your family on this
                 wonderful event.

                 I am writing to ask that you retain funds that were included in the capital budget sent to you by
                 the Alaska legislature that matches the $2 million Municipality of Anchorage (MOA) Pool
                 Repair Bond.

                 Anchorage voters recently approved the bond in order to ensure that critical repairs were made to
                 the municipality' s swimming pools. This approval surprised a lot of people, including the
                 Mayor. I believe people voted for pools because they know the benefits of having these
                 facilities, whether or not they chose to use them. But, the bonds require a match from the State.
                 The appropriation in the capital budget provides this match.

                 Without these repairs, I fear these facilities will close because of threats to the health and safety
                 of the users. This situation is ironic because swimming is important for public and personal
                 public health and safety. I got involved in the grass roots effort to keep the pools open despite
                 the fact that I am only a sporadic user of these facilities. I am an avid swimmer and a part-time
                 aquatics professional who teaches swimming and lifeguard courses at the Alaska Club, so I use
                 the club's pool or the pool at Alaska Pacific University. Still, as an aquatics professional, I can
                 attest to the value of community swimming pools. The benefits of these pools go far beyond
                 aquatic recreation. For me, having lost two friends to accidental drowning, this is essentially a
                 public health and safety issue.

                 We are not asking the State to shoulder the entire capital expense of maintaining the pools. We
                 are asking the state to help us out as a partner. Why should the State do this? First, given the
                 number of people residing in the Municipality (as a percentage of overall state population) this
                 expenditure benefits a large number of state residents. Second, these facilities are used for
                 regional and state wide swim meets and other events that draw participants from beyond the
                 Municipality. Third, the pools provide benefits to people beyond the Municipality. Please allow
                 me to provide a personal example of this last point. I was trained as a lifeguard instructor at a
                 MOA pool. Recently, another lifeguard instructor and I trained eight lifeguards for the pool in


                 10/22/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0015409
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                  Yakutat. They were down to two lifeguards and had to restrict operating hours for the pool as a result of
                  the shortage. I am pleased to report that with the training of additional lifeguards, the people of Yakutat
                  now enjoy full operation of the pool.

                  Sincerely,

                  James Lima
                  1766 Morningtide Court
                  Anchorage, AK 99501




                 10/22/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0015410
