Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


                  Unknown
                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Monday, April 21, 2008 11:26 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Alaska State Chamber of Commerce E-News April 18, 2008



                 From: Wayne Stevens (mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                 Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 6:30 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Alaska State Chamber of Commerce E-News April 18, 2008




                 Alaska State Chamber of
                 Commerce
                 April 18, 2008 E-News
                 Book Your Reservations to Attend Legislative Wrap-up Today!

                 Plan to attend the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce's second annual Legislative Wrap-Up
                 event on May 7th at the Hilton Anchorage Hotel from 9:00 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. Register at
                 www.alaskachamber.com before April 23 and you will receive member and non-member Early
                 Bird Rates! You may register to attend both the morning session and luncheon combined or
                 register to attend the luncheon-only.

                 For event and hotel rate details, registration, and the schedule of events please visit
                 www.alaskachamber.com or call Lisa Reinhart, Development Director in the Anchorage
                 Development Office at (907) 278-2727.


                 BP Alaska - Oil & Gas Industry Career Fairs
                 BP would like to extend an invitation to your organization to participate in its second annual Oil
                 & Gas Industry Career Fair. Last year's event was an awesome success, so we have decided to
                 expand our scope beyond college-age students, and open the event to anyone interested in
                 exploring a career opportunity in the oil and gas industry. Additionally, this year we will be
                 sponsoring the Career Fair in Anchorage, Fairbanks, Kenai, and the Mat-Su Valley. You may
                 elect to participate in all four locations or just a few.

                 As an additional attraction, Career Fairs in Fairbanks, Kenai, and Mat-Su will be held in
                 conjunction with a community picnic sponsored by BP Alaska. In each of these locations we are
                 preparing for 500 or more attendees at each event!

                 Each event will be held from 11:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. with the community picnics beginning at


                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0015398
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


                 11:00 a.m. and ending at 3:00 p.m.

                 Specific dates and locations include:

                        city                          Date                                    Location
                   Wasilla                   Friday, June 6                    Mat-Su Career & Technical High
                                                                               School - 2472 N. Seward-Meridian
                                                                               Hi wa
                   Kenai                     Friday, June 27                   Challenger Learning Center of
                                                                               Alaska - 9711 Kenai Spur Highway
                   Fairbanks                 Wednesday, July 9                 Carlson Center - 2010 2nd Avenue
                   Anchorage                 Friday, July 18                   BP Alaska - 900 E. Benson Blvd.

                 BP Alaska is sponsoring each event, so there is no cost to participate; however, costs for your company
                 representatives to travel to the events must be provided by your organization.

                 To confirm your space, please return this registration form via e-mail to joanne .efta@bp.com by
                 May 16.

                Oil & Gas Industry Career Fair Registration:

                                     Organization                                           Information
                   Contact:

                   Phone number:

                   E-mail address:

                   Participating location:
                        Wasilla: Friday, June 6
                       Kenai: Friday, June 27
                       Fairbanks: Wednesday, Jul 9
                       Anchorage: Friday, July 18
                  Tabletbooth size requirementsa:

                  Plastic tablecloth and skirt for Mat-Su or
                  Kenaib:

                  Electrical requirementsc:


                a. Please note that each location will provide tables that range from 6 to 10 feet. Please specify your needs and we
                will do our best to provide the adequate number of tables and space.

                b. Linen tablecloths and skirts will be provided in Anchorage and Fairbanks. We will provide white plastic
                tablecloths and skirts for Mat-Su and Kenai. Please let us know if you will need one or if you will be providing
                your own.

                c. The BP Atrium and conference rooms have very limited wireless access. All other locations should be
                acceptable for wireless access.



                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0015399
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 3 of 3



                 For questions, further information, or to register you may contact JoAnne Efta at 522.8209 or via e-mail.
                 joanne.efta@bp.com

                 We look forward to your participation in these events!

                 Oil & Gas Industry Career Fair Planning Team


                               Governor Palin Calls for Nominations for North Star Awards
                                              for International Excellence

                 Governor Sarah Palin announced the establishment of the Governor's North Star Awards for
                 International Excellence.

                 The awards will be presented annually to honor Alaska businesses, schools and other organizations
                 that have improved life In Alaska through international activity. The program provides the
                 opportunity to recognize Alaskans' international accomplishments in trade, investment,
                 transportation and educational, cultural, humanitarian and scientific exchanges.

                "International markets and companies trust Alaska's stable , transparent business climate. They
                appreciate the creativity and friendliness they find in our state ," Governor Palin said . "I want to
                honor Alaskans who connect us all to the world. The North Star Awards are a good way
                to celebrate the international know- how of Alaskans."

                Alaskans may nominate themselves, others, businesses, schools, organizations or other groups for
                the awards. Awards may be given in several categories in any given year but will not be given in
                all categories each year. The Export Council of Alaska and others will assist the State of Alaska in
                reviewing nominations.

                Nominations are due April 30 and should consist of no more than five pages of material explaining
                the nature and success of the international activities that have occurred in the five-year period
                prior to the award. Nominations should follow the North Star Awards outline. The outline is
                available at http://www.gov.state.ak.us/pdf/2008-TradeNominationForm2.pdf.

                For more information, contact Patricia Eckert, Governor's Office of International Trade at (907)
                269-7450.




                 10/22/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI 0015400
