Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 5



                  Unknown
                  From :     Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                  Sent:      Tuesday, April 22, 2008 9:24 AM
                  To:        Sarah Palin
                  Cc:        'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: FW: Congrats/DPS Issue

                Governor and Todd - This is a congratulations but also an issue that we are having DPS check into. I will keep
                you abreast of the findings. Janice



                From: Jeff King [mailto :jeffk@mtaonline.net]
                Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 3:45 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Re: Fish_and-Game

                        Honorable Governor (and new mother!) Sarah Palin,


                        Congratulations on the arrival of your son! I read the wonderful announcement just
                        moments after I sent this message the first time. And as is usual with me, I move kind of
                        fast, and I admit this letter was first written for the honorable Lisa Murkowski. While re-
                        reading it as sent to you, I see I am the second musher to call you "Lisa". Anyway, please
                        accept my apology, I most certainly do know the difference between the two of you. I am
                        proud to say that you got my vote. All joking aside, please consider my request stated
                        below.


               Iditarod Champion,
                        Jeff King




               -----Original Message-----
               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@a gov state ak us]
               Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 1:37 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Fish-and-Game

               Web mail from: Mr. Jeff King
               address: PO Box 48 Denali AK 99755
                907 388 2797

               MESSAGE:
               Governor Palin,



               8/27/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0015415
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 2 of 5


                Wishing you all the best with this exciting and busy time of your life!
                And Thank You for the kudos you sent me after this years Iditarod.

                Lady Luck has not been in my corner this year . The second place finish
                in the Iditarod after an unscheduled nap, as well as being passed in the
                last 20 miles of the All Alaska Sweepstakes race to finish a
                frustratingly close 9 minutes behind Mitch Seavey for the $1 OOK winner
                take all purse ! What the heck, its just a dog race.
                No doubt you are following Alaska news and may well be aware that I have
                recently charged with a federal crime of taking a moose inside Denali
                National Park & Preserve. The case strikes me as crazy on many
                accounts, which is why I'm writing you. I can only imagine how busy you
                are, but I hope you will take the time to consider the following bullet
                points. Please be assured that the following is limited to items I feel
                I can easily document.

                  1. Cali and I were hunting an area North of the preserve that we have
                 hunted for many years. 4-Wheeler ATV trails are obvious, and many
                 hunters use the area.
                 2. I was served with a search warrant by a NPS Ranger at my home after
                 we returned from our successful hunting trip. I fully cooperated and I
                 was astonished they suspected the moose had been taken over the boundary
                 of the preserve. It was at this time I was made aware by the same ranger
                that a Helicopter had been used for surveillance over my home of 30 year
                 for some kind of reconnaissance . I was also notified at this time that a
                DNA crime lab in Oregon would be used to match a gut pile in the willows
                with the meat in my freezer. During this interview I openly agreed from
                their description of the location of the kill site, that it may well
                have been and likely was the moose we had shot.
                3. I have since learned that a helicopter was used to find that gut pile
                and a Global Positioning Device was necessary to document the preserve
                boundary.
                4. After years of hunting I know of only two physical national preserve
                markers within 10 miles this popular hunting area , and I believe they
                date back to the park expansion itself. The moose kill in question was
                over a half mile from the only marker I know of within miles.
                5. When I asked the investigating officers how far they thought this
                moose was over the invisible boundary, the responded "about 600 feet."
                (I'm guessing they rounded up, and I'm in the process of trying to prove
               it.)
                6. The area I am accused of illegally taking a moose and using an ATV is
               open to moose hunting with ATVs to qualified subsistence users. I know
               some of the qualified users who are retired NPS employees and in one
               case I can document they have handed down these hunting privileges to
               their grandchildren. If one happens to be a landowner in Cantwell, 20
               miles south of my home of 30 years those residents can hunt legally in
               the Preserve, and I believe no long-term residency is required. (I am
               quite confident a recent addition to Cantwell moving from Missouri was
               legally hunting in the Preserve last fall.)
               7. Just yesterday Denali Spokesperson Kris Fitser announced on APRN that
               they were going to begin marking the Preserve Boundary with large



               8/27/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015416
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 3 of 5


                 florescent markers and referenced my infraction as stimulus . However I
                continue to face federal charges for this incident, after having never
                faced more than a speeding ticket in my life.
                8. Park Service will not tell my lawyer and I how far they think my
                moose was over the boundary, just the previous reference to "about 600
                feet."
                9. In the recent publication of my book, "Cold Hand Warm Heart," I
                dedicated a couple of chapters to the years I spent trapping and hunting
                during the late 70s in area that has since become Preserve . I have now
                been charged with crossing the boundary in this area by a distance
                clearly being measured in feet. (So small a distance they won't even
                tell me!)
                10. I have also been notified by my attorney (Myron Angstman of Bethel)
                that we will not qualify for a jury trial. What's with that?

                Sarah, just moments ago I received MORE sympathy cards from those who are
                appalled by these charges. I just opened a card from Leroy and Vicki
                Lausen who operate the garbage disposal system for our community; they
                say, "When we think of you Jeff, we think of a man of honesty and
                integrity, this card is not meant to be trite . In difficult times, the
                character of a man comes out. "

                Helicopters? Global Positioning Devices to find the boundary? DNA
                testing? Personal property surveillance of the fire chief and his family
                of 30 years? NPS deciding to mark the boundary and claiming it is
                brought to their attention by my charges , but not dropping the charges?

               It is hard to be anything but disillusioned and disgusted by what to me
               is a gross misuse of power and assets on the part of the Park Service
               when they still need porta -potties at Polychrome . This concern pales in
               comparison to the personal insult to my integrity.

               Please spend a few moments to familiarize yourself to this situation and
               if you agree with me I would appreciate your public support.

               Sincerely, Jeff King

               PS. An interesting perspective from the News Miner:

               E-mail scarbrgh ,ptialaska.net

               Opinion Editorial April 18, 2008

               Fairbanks Daily News Miner

               Community Perspective

               Front page news on April, 11 was Jeff King killing a moose inside of
               Denali National Park. It appears this moose was taken in accordance
               with Alaska Department of F&G regulations . However, the National Park
               Service (NPS) did not like the location of where it was taken. It



               8/27/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0015417
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 4 of 5


                appears the moose was harvested in the northeastern portion of the Park
                as expanded*by the D2 Lands act of 1980 (ANILA). Section 202(3)(a)
                allows local residents to subsistence hunt where this use was
                traditional, all in accordance with title VIII . Here in lies the
                problem. Who is a local resident and who is a qualified subsistence
                user?

                Decisions by the Alaska Supreme Court have found that all Alaskan
                Residents qualify for subsistence . The NPS does not recognize this and
                selects only rural individuals with a certain address , therefore setting
                up a discriminatory allocation system . Jeff does not have an acceptable
                address. You must live south of MP 239 or north of MP 300 on Parks
                Highway to have a acceptable address. No other state has such a
                discriminatory management system.

                Hunting in the Rock Creek area has been a traditional use long before
                Statehood and ANILA.

                It appears what we have here is a criminal trespass issue, not a hunting
                violation. Had Jeffs address been acceptable to the NPS none of this
                would be a problem.

                Here is how it works. The fish and wildlife in ALL of Alaska, in
                accordance with the Alaska State Constitution, belongs to the residents
                of Alaska collectively. This includes all NPS lands. Because all
                residents of.Alaska are subsistence users , they have an equal
                opportunity under State Law to subsistence hunt and fish. This has
                been confirmed by the Alaska Supreme Court.

                The Federal Government does not agree with the Alaska Supreme Court and
                have set up their own set of rules using Title VIII and Federal Court
                decrees. The Fed's then select by address the group they determine are
                qualified rural Federal subsistence users. Jeff fails to qualify.

               In addition the Fed's then proceeded to set up their own Fish and Game
               Board (Federal Subsistence Board) to allocate fish and wildlife (which
               they do not own) to this select group based on address.

               Since 1980 no Governor has had the fortitude to challenge the
               constitutionality of this thievery or the discriminatory allocation
               system set up by the Federal Government. Gov. Knowles had a chance and
               he refused to carry the Constitutional challenge forward.

               This Jeff King issue could be resolved rather quickly if Gov. Palin
               would challenge the constitutionality of the Federal subsistence system.
               The Court of first jurisdiction is the U. S. Supreme Court. The Court
               would have to hear the case.

               We will have to wait and see if Gov. Palin is true to her word and
               really believes in Article I - Declaration of Rights, Section 1.
               Inherent Rights of the Alaska Constitution where in it states "The



                8/27/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0015418
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 5 of 5


                constitution is dedicated to the principles that all persons have a
                natural right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness , and the
                enjoyment of the rewards of their own industry ; that all persons are
                equal and entitled to equal rights , opportunities, and protection under
                the law; and that all persons have corresponding obligations to the
                people and the State".

                 The other route is for Jeff, as his defense, is to challenge the
                constitutionality of the NPS actions. This may take 20 years and
                hundreds of thousands of dollars. A study of past Federal cases would
                indicate Jeff will lose all the way through the 9th Circuit Court. It
                would then be subject to possible selection by the U.S. Supreme Court.
                The State could ask to be allowed to join the case on behalf of Jeff.
                To date the State has not taken this action to support others who have
                challenged the Fed's.


                Thomas N. Scarborough is a 40 year Alaskan and a civil engineer and land
                surveyor. He is an active advocate for managing Alaska's wildlife for
                abundance and in accordance with the sustained yield principle set forth
                in the Constitution.



                jeffk@mtaonline.net




               8/27/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015419             E
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                   .Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
                   From :     Bill Northey [billn@northlandservices.com]
                   Sent:      Tuesday, April 22, 2008 11:10 AM
                   To:        pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                   Cc:      thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                            Victor.O.Ross@poa02.usace .army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash ; Joseph R
                            (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                            (DNR); Kate Williams@ stevens .senate.gov; Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                            Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie_McKenzie@stevens. senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                   Subject: Kensington Gold Project

                 Please see attached comment letter.

                 Thank you,

                 Bill Northey
                 Northland Services, Inc.
                 Sr. Vice President
                 (206) 892-2560 direct
                 (206) 310-1379 cell




                 6/9/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0015420
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Northland Services
                M A R I N E T O A O O · O O T A T I O N



                                                                                                                                                Northland Services, Inc.
                               April 22, 2008                                                                                                   P.O. Box 24527
                                                                                                                                                Seattle, WA 98124


                               Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
                               Alaska Region - Tongass National Forest
                               Juneau Ranger District
                               8510 Mendenhall Loop Road
                               Juneau, AK 99801

                               Via email pgriffin@fs.fed.us

                               Re: Comment of US Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of
                               Operations for the Kensington Gold Project


                               Dear Mr. Griffin:

                               I would like to thank the U.S. Forest Service for its work
                               on the Supplemental Information Report for the Kensington
                               Modified Plan of Operations (Modified Plans). My comments
                               on behalf of Northland Services are for inclusion on this
                               record.

                               The Kensington Mine will be an important economic engine
                               fueling the economy of Southeast Alaska and will no doubt
                               have many positive benefits for the rest of the state.

                              We are pleased that the U.S. Forest Service, after an
                              exhaustive analysis, concluded that the Modified Plan does
                              not represent a substantial change to the proposed action.
                              This environmental analysis has been preceded by three
                              major environmental impact statements and this project
                              should move forward expeditiously.

                              The paste tailings facility is the chosen alternative of
                              both Coeur Alaska and the environmental organizations which
                              it has been cooperating with in finding a sensible
                              solution. It offers several advantages both operationally
                              and environmentally to the previous plan.

                              In addition, the proposed move to Yankee Cove for
                              transportation workers eliminates concern over
                              environmental effects associated with the Cascade Point
                              facility located inside Berner's Bay.




                4025 Oahtdge Way S.W. · Suite 10D · Seattle, WA 98108 · Tel: 208 .763.3000 , Fax: 206.787.5579 · Toll Free: 800.428.3113 · www.horthlandservices.com




                                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0015421
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           Mr. Pete Griffin
                           4/22/08
                           Page 2


                          The SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at
                          Kensington meets all NEPA requirements and no new SEIS or
                          EA should be necessary.

                          We join the many supporters of the Kensington Mine in
                          asking that this process be moved forward as quickly as
                          possible so that Alaskan families may enjoy the economic
                          benefit of this environmentally responsible project.


                          Sincerely,
                          Northland ServAes, Inc.




                          CC: Via email:

                                 Tom Henderson, Coeur Alaska
                                 Dennis Wheeler , Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp.
                                 Pete Griffin , U.S. Forest Service
                                 Hahn Shaw , U.S. EPA
                                 Victor Ross, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
                                 Governor Sarah Palin , State of Alaska
                                 Joe Balash, Special Staff Assistant to, Governor Palin
                                 Larry Hartig, Commissioner, ADEC
                                 Dan Easton, ADEC
                                 Tom Irwin , Commissioner, ADNR
                                 Tom Crafford, ADNR
                                 Sen. Ted Stevens
                                 Sen. Lisa Murkowski
                                 Congressman Don Young
                                 Connie MacKenzie , Alaska Congressional Delegation




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0015422
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                 i

            Unknown
            From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Tuesday, April 22, 2008 8:14 PM
            To:                     davidelores@juno.com
            Subject:                Gas tax elimination


            Good question ! I have folks looking into the gas tax issue - and I'm glad Sen . McCain
            wants to eliminate it on a National level during summer driving season . Thanks for asking
            if we can eliminate it on the state level- I'll try to get answers soon.

            Thanks for your " congrats " on Trig, tool



            - Sarah

             Palin

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015423
