Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From :    Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, April 22, 2008 1:20 PM
                 To:       Sarah Palin
                 Subject : Update on 2 issues

               Governor:

               DNR PERMIT DENIAL

               I looked into the issue Mr. Ross mentioned about a contractor applying for a DNR permit for an asphalt plant The
               permit request relates to a re-alignment project on the Glenn Highway between mileposts 92 and 97 called the
               "Hicks Creek " project The contractor applied to locate an asphalt plant within the flood plain of a nearby river
               where the raw materials that need to be used are at Locating the plant there means the contractor can mix the
               asphalt there and truck it directly to the job site. Having to locate the plant somewhere else means increased
               costs and time spent trucking the raw materials to the asphalt plant for mixing and then trucking the hot asphalt to
               the job site.

               I found out that the permit request has been formally denied at the lowest level by DNR . My understanding is that
               the permit was denied because DNR did not feel it was appropriate to locate the asphalt plant in the flood plain in
               case the river water rose or there was a lot of rain that would cause runoff from the asphalt plant and the raw
               materials.

               DOT Central Region (Gordon Keith) disagrees with DNR's permit denial. Mr. Keith says that they have gotten
               these same kinds of DNR permits in the past under similar circumstances and that any increased costs to the
               contractor resulting from the DNR permit denial will probably end up having to be paid by the State since the bid
               docs assumed locating the asphalt plant in the location on the flood plain. DOT says they are supportive of the
               appeal by the contractor to the next level of administration within DNR and are trying to assist the contractor with
               his appeal.

               I have spoken to Joe Balash about this issue . He may be able to provide more input on the reasons for the DNR
               denial of the permit.

               CLEMENCY REQUESTS

               Staff here and at the Parole Board have found only one letter in our tracking system from Mr. Ross regarding
               clemency and it does not mention any specific individual . I can call Mr. Ross and get the names of the individuals
               he says have applied and make sure they filled out the right paperwork?

               Randy




               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0015451
