Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:       Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                 Sent:       Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:29 PM
                 To:         Hughes; Rosanne (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Cc:         Sarah Palin; Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Today's press availability

               Roseanne:

               I did listen to the press availability. I thought Commissioner Schmidt did a very good job of explaining the situation and
               fielding the union's allegations on understaffing, moving inmates from Arizona, hiring off the street being allowed under
               the union contract when proper notice is given, etc. The medical director for DOC also did a good job of handling the
               questions related to health issues in the jail . Joe made a point of letting reporters know he continues to be available to
               meet with the union and address their issues . As one reporter at the end of the press conference commented, 'what do
               you think the union expected to get out of this?". Joe explained that he believes the union vote is basically retaliation
               for his strong stance on discipline and the 47 disciplinary investigations that DOC undertook in his first year in office.
                He explained that most of the investigations were the direct result of a complaint by another corrections officer to
               management saying something improper was occurring and it needed to be looked into, and that as commissioner, he
               takes discipline very seriously and investigated the complaints.

               One item that may be important is that the union is asking the Administration to look into the union's allegations. Joe
               made the statement several times during the press conference that he would welcome a review / investigation of his
               actions. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
               Privileg 11
               I also heard Joe comment towards the end of the press conference that ACOA representatives were gathering outside
               his office in Anchorage where the press conference was taking place to talk to reporters leaving the press conference. I
               cannot say what conversations or statements were made to reporters outside the building.

               I have not seen the response Richard Schmitz at DOC is preparing, ( please forward it gn when you receive it) but I
               would suggest something along these lines:
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



               Randy


               From: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)
               Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:24 PM
               To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
               Subject: Today's press availability

               Randy,
               We were not able to listen in to the press availability at 2:30 due to putting out another fire right at that moment. Were
               you able to listen in? The Governor would like to know what happened and what was said . Joe's communications
               person is drafting a response for the Governor to send out right now . Have not seen it yet.

               Rosanne Hughes
               Press Secretary and Communications Director
               (907) 269-7450




               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015454
