Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Jackson, Karleen K (HSS) [ karleen .jackson©alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:10 PM
            To:                      ExternalEmailgsp; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
            Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV); Hill; Sherry
                                     (HSS); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                 RE: Response to ADN article about health issues


            Thank you, Governor!



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:07 PM

            To: Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV); Hill, Sherry
            (HSS); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject: Re: Response to ADN article about health issues



            Thank you - this does need to be submitted to clarify for Alaskans that the ADN
            speculative editorial is off-base. It's not fair to HSS employees for that to go
            unanswered. Pls submit to as many publications as possible. Thank you.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Jackson, Karleen K (HSS)" <karleen.jackson@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2008 11:29:29

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, govpalin@alaska.gov

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska. gov>,"Hughes , Rosanne D (GOV)"
            <rosanne .hughes@alaska.gov>,"Kim, Anna C (GOV)" <anna.kim@alaska.gov>,"Hill, Sherry
            (HSS)" <sherry.hill@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Response to ADN article about health issues




            Governor -



            Many of your staff members and I have been working to craft a response to the negative ADN
            article about what this administration is doing about health issues. Below is our final
            draft for your review and approval.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0015468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             If you would like to discuss it further , I am in Anchorage and happy to stop by your
             office - or you can reach me on my cell a Privileged or in the office at 269-7806.



             Thank you!



             Karleen




             Opinion Piece ,   Anchorage Daily news

             April 22, 2008

             673 words




             Commissioner Karleen K . Jackson, Ph.D.

             Alaska Department of Health and Social Services



             Second opinion: solutions for health care need long-term look and fix




             Alaskans need a second opinion regarding the outcome of the legislature ' s 90-day session
             on health issues.



             Governor Palin ' s vision with the Health Care Transparency Act was to increase access and
             reduce costs of health care through competition , and provide information surrounding the
             cost and quality of care . Alaskans would have been provided information to make better-
             informed decisions about health care . Repealing Certificate of Need would have made health
             care more market - driven.



            The House and Senate Health, Education, and Social Services committees held numerous
            committee hearings - 12 total - which provided an opportunity for legislators, the health
            care industry, and the public to express a spectrum of opinions regarding the health care
            marketplace. House Finance also held a lengthy hearing. This is the furthest any such
            legislation regarding Certificate of Need has survived in the legislative process. We
            worked hard, but were unable to move the legislation through in the shortened session.



            However, Governor Palin is committed to working toward the recommendations of the Health
            Care Strategies Planning Council: to make health care more affordable and accessible for
            Alaskans, while achieving top-quality health care. This doesn't happen overnight - nor in
            90 days; the issues are complex.



                                                                2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0015469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Providing access to health care for all is a noble goal, but giving everyone health
             insurance does not ensure access to appropriate health care. we still need enough health
             practitioners and facilities to deliver the right care at the right time for each Alaskan.
             That means adequate health infrastructure must be in place to respond to increased health
             coverage. There is a need to gradually ramp up both infrastructure and insurance to avoid
             overwhelming any one part of the health care system.



             Last year, Governor Palin and the legislature supported the addition of 20 WWAMI program
             participants (HB18). It is an important step, and more positions certainly need to be
             added - not just to accommodate and support training for more doctors in Alaska, but also
             more nurses and other health care providers.



             Another success from this legislative session to support the health care infrastructure
             was HB 325, which extended and expanded a housing loan program to teachers and health care
             professionals. It will help those in teaching and health care professions to receive home
             loan incentives, aiding recruitment efforts.



             In addition, last year the legislature and Governor Palin supported lifting the freeze on
             income eligibility levels by increasing Denali Kidcare to 175 percent of poverty. Again,
             it is important to ensure the cost and the levels of service are sustainable before making
             additional increases. This year's legislation to increase Denali KidCare to 200 percent of
             poverty lacks strong federal support. It is still up to Congress and the Centers for
             Medicare and Medicaid to reauthorize the program. Governor Palin has called on the
             Congressional delegation to achieve timely reauthorization of the State Children's Health
             Insurance Program (SCHIP), which is only authorized through March 2009. With many seats in
             Congress and the presidency up for election, the outcome is unknown - it is not prudent to
             guess what will be allowed or improved for this program.



             Next steps: The department is assessing how to continue incremental improvements to health
             care in Alaska using current resources including:



             * Establishing a Health Care Commission to work with a broad spectrum of health care
             professionals and consumers to address and formulate policy on health care issues
             concerning affordability, accessibility and quality of health care.

             * Consolidating information already available to provide a web-based resource on health
             care, prevention and healthy living.

             * Providing outreach to Alaskans on healthy living: through the recent promotion of the
             President's Challenge, for example.

             * Evaluating what information is readily available on quality and cost from health care
             providers, and what the state can link together into a comprehensive site.

             * Promulgating regulations on Certificate of Need, to improve definitions and address
             areas of concern, based on the Negotiated Rule Making Committee Recommendations.




             The Governor and the department look forward to continuing to improve health care in
             Alaska, and supporting Alaskans in achieving the greatest possible individual and public
             health.


                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0015470
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Karleen K. Jackson, Ph.D., is the Commissioner of the Alaska Department of Health and
             Social Services




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0015471
