Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22 , 2008 3:57 PM
            To:                       Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                  Re: Joe Schmidt


            Thank you so much - Joe handles this well.            I do want a supportive statement from me going
            out today.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From :    " Hughes, Rosanne D   ( GOV)" <rosanne . hughes@alaska.gov>



            Date : Tue, 22 Apr 2008 15:52:14

            To: ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Joe Schmidt




             (From Joe ' s communications person)



            Here 's what happened ...



            Present at the press conference were Channel 11, Channel 2 and Channel

            13 as well as Megan Holland from the Anchorage Daily News . Present on

            line were Lori Townsend with APRN and Chris Freiburg (sp?) with the

            Daily News - Miner . Cindy Smith with Sen . French's office was also on

            line.



            Joe was joined by Dr . Henry Luban , medical director for the department.



            Joe began with a brief statement explaining the department' s new mission

            statement and that he expected there would be some dissatisfaction with

            some of the changes he's made. He explained that there have been 49

            internal investigations of (union members) correctional officers, which

            resulted in 29 disciplinary actions, four terminations and four

                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            resignations in lieu of termination. The commissioner then asked for

            questions.



            Channel 11 (which has a union contact of some sort) began by questioning

            a death certificate it had been given by the union which stated MRSA as

            the cause of death. Dr. Luban explained that the inmate was extremely

            ill with multiple organ failure and that MRSA was not the primary cause

            of death. The reporter responded by pointing out that the death

            certificate listed MRSA as the cause of death. Dr. Luban conceded the

            point but explained that the MRS infection could only have been present

            because of the poor health and low immune system of the inmate. Dr.

            Luban disagreed with the union's claim that hundreds of inmates had

            MRSA, and stated that if someone has an infection they would be treated

            for that infection.



            Next a question was asked as to whether management had "axes to grind"

            in bringing staff disciplinary action forward. Joe refuted that and

            explained that he expected honesty and transparency in his workers. The

            question was asked whether union members were under a "gag order" to not

            speak with the press. The commissioner explained that was not the case

            but said if untruths were told to the media it would be dealt with

            through disciplinary action. He emphasized that if an CO knew of an

            unsafe situation that CO was obligated to report to a supervisor and not

            to bring it to the media.



            The discussion went off topic with a number of questions on programming

            and prison expansion. The commissioner handled each question as an

            opportunity to promote positive steps being made by the department to

            reduce recidivism, etc. Substance abuse treatment programs were detailed

            as well.



            A question was asked about a union charge of nepotism in hiring. The

            commissioner strongly denied this and explained the advancement process

            whereby some COs hired to work at Seward were not transferred to Palmer
                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            while new COs were hired for those positions . The commissioner

            emphasized the fact that the negotiated contract was being followed.



            The commissioner was asked about staff cutbacks and explained hiring

            levels were never better , with more new officers coming on board than

            any time in the past except for when a new prison came on line . In 2006

            there were 703 filled positions ,     that was increased to 737 a year later

            and the authorization for 2008 is 780.



            The commissioner was asked whether the relationship between ACOA and

            himself was permanently broken . He said absolutely not, and mentioned

            some recent positive interactions . He said he would always he willing to

            work with the union.



            Channel 11 left early ...      there were a few more questions but they were

            reworking previous questions.



            I hope this narrative is helpful.



            Richard




                                                              3
