Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:54 PM
             To:                      bwarner@dbsd.org
             Subject:                 RE: Economic-Development


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 10:46 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Economic-Development



             Web mail from: Ms. Brittney Warner

             address: PO box 3120 Anderson AK 99744

              907-582-2700



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,

                 The students of Anderson would like to remind you as you look over and review the
            budget, that you keep our fish hatchery in mind. This has been a great lesson for the
            students in responsible state spending of our tax dollars . we are confident that you will
            allow an unbiased outside examination of the situation. We have been impressed with your
            fiscal responsibility. We hope that many more of our representatives will follow your
            example. Congratulations on the new.baby. We are proud to have you as our governor.

             Sincerely,

            The Anderson Students



            bwarnerodbsd.org




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015464
