Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:54 PM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: Congratulations on your Pt Thomson decision


             Did our presser go out too , with comment in support of DNR ' s decision?

             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Irwin , Tom E ( DNR)" <tom . irwin@alaska.gov>



             Date : Tue, 22 Apr 2008 15:52:45

             To:gov . sarah®yahoo . com,"Rutherford , Marty K ( DNR)" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>

             Subject : Fw: Congratulations on your Pt . Thomson decision




             Governor,



             in the airport I had told Governor Hickel and Malcolm that we would meet with them
            anytime they had questions or concerns .   Marty and I will use this email request as the
            opening to see if we can ' t secure their support in the way forward on the gasline
            decision .  God bless.  Tom



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: mbroberts@gci . net <mbroberts@gci.net>

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Sent : Tue Apr 22 12:17: 17 2008

             Subject : Congratulations on your Pt. Thomson decision



             Hello Commissioner:



                        Governor Hickel joins me in congratulations to you for your decision to reject
            the Pt. Thomson plan and terminate the unit . This is the Owner State in action
            representing the best interest of the Alaska people.



                        We would like to take you up on your offer of April 7 in the Alaska Airlines
            Board Room when we were en route to meet with Gov. Palin on the gasline .  We would like to
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0015482
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            explore the ideas we shared with her and offer our help and support so that the gasline
            moves forward promptly to a successful conclusion.  This week, we are available Thursday
            morning or Friday afternoon and can possibly adjust other commitments to fit your
            schedule.



                           Once again .    Congratulations!



                           Malcolm




              Subject: DNR rejects Pt Thomson plan & terminates unit




             DNR rejects 23rd POD for Point Thomson, terminates unit




             The Department of Natural Resources has rejected a proposed 23rd plan of development for
            Point Thomson and terminated the unit.

             DNR Commissioner Tom Irwin said today in a prepared statement that the proposed 23rd plan
            of development for the Point Thomson unit "is not an appropriate remedy" for ExxonMobil's
            failure to submit an acceptable 22nd plan of development.




             Irwin said the 23rd plan of development "does not serve the State's best interests or
            meet the legal standards in DNR's regulations."

             Irwin said he did not approve the 23rd plan of development and has terminated the Point
            Thomson unit.




             He said he "could not risk further delay in development of these valuable resources" by
            accepting the 23rd POD.

             "In light of the history of this unit, I did not trust the appellant's commitment to
            follow through" with the 23rd plan.

             Irwin said that while the 23rd plan would have resulted in production of 10,000 barrels
                                                         2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPOI_0015483
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            per day of gas condensates ,       it "did not include a commitment to produce any gas from this
            unit."




             The decision is on remand by Judge Gleason in December . Irwin noted that the judge
            "affirmed DNR's rejection of the 22nd " POD "and found that DNR had the authority to
            terminate the unit ," but found that appellants ' " due process rights may have been violated
            because they did not have adequate notice that the unit would be terminated ." DNR was
            directed to give appellants a fair opportunity to present alternate remedies to
            termination.




             Irwin said he carefully reviewed the record of the unit and all evidence from the remand
            proceeding in making his decision.

             Appellants have 20 days to request reconsideration . DNR has until June 15 to have a
            decision back to Judge Gleason.




                                                                 3




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0015484
