Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:39 PM
             To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); K Perry Yahoo; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Schmidt; Joseph D
                                      (DOC); Hughes; Rosanne 0 (GOV)
             Cc:                      Todd
             Subject :                Re: News Miner story on Joe Schmidt


             Whatever Joe needs , in terms of my public ( and very , very strong and vocal support),
             please provide it. This is ridiculous , political , and unfair to Commissioner Schmidt. He
             has my unconditional support.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Hughes, Rosanne D   ( GOV)" <rosanne . hughesoalaska.gov>



             Date :   Tue, 22 Apr 2008 15:14:21

             To:ExternalEmailgsp < gov.sarah@yahoo.com >, K Perry Yahoo < krisandclark@yahoo . com>,"Leighow,
             Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>

             Cc:Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

             Subject: News Miner story on Joe Schmidt




            Union votes no confidence in Corrections commissioner

             By Chris Freiberg




            Originally published Tuesday, April 22, 2008 at 12 : 09 p.m.

            Updated Tuesday, April 22,         2008 at 2 : 40 p.m.




            Comments More than 95 percent of the Alaska Correctional Officers

            Association voted in favor of a "no confidence " measure on state

            Corrections Commissioner Joe Schmidt today.



            Of the group's nearly 700 members, a record number of more than 550 cast

            their vote, union president Danny Colang said.



            This is the first time the association has taken such a vote about a

                                                                     1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0015488
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             sitting commissioner. Members are concerned about a number of issues,

             including understaffing, wrongful terminations and overcrowding in

             Alaska jails.



             They are calling on Gov. Sarah Palin, who appointed Schmidt when she

             took office, to launch a full investigation. Colang said that past

             conversations with the governor's office have yielded no results.



             "If you're the leader of a group, you need the trust of that group,"

             Colang said. "This vote shows he has no trust left."



             Schmidt will speak to the media about the results of the vote later this

             afternoon from Anchorage.




                                                          2
