Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 10:51 AM
             To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
             Subject:                 Re: AIDEA Director Search

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date: Tue, 22 Apr 2008 18:41:08

             To:"Pat Galvin" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: AIDEA Director Search




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvinealaska.gov>



            Date : Tue, 22 Apr 2008 07:57:01

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesealaska.gov>

            Subject: AIDEA Director Search




                                                                    1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Governor,



            Just a status update on the AIDEA E.D. search:



            We have interviews scheduled next Tuesday with 4 finalists: Bob Poe, Jim McConnell, Ted
            Leonard, and Steve Rieger. The board will then make a recommendation to you, similar to
            what was done with Steve Haagenson. I'd like to talk to you before the meeting to discuss
            how you want the recommendation to be made. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Nrivilegeo or Personal Material



            I'd like to also talk to you about what is needed at AIDEA          [P rivileged or Personal Material Re
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Privileged or Personal Material Re it is critical that the next AIDEA Director e s ^lleedat
                   the public and political process , as well as the day to day administration of
            managing
            AIDEA.



            In the interviews we'll be looking for dynamic leadership qualities , strategic thinking
            skills, .as well as technical abilities in the banking and financing arenas . I will try to
            get on your schedule between now and next Tuesday to discuss these things before the
            interviews.



            Let me know if you have any questions.



            - Pat




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015503
