Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From :       Douglas D. Graff [dgraff1234@msn.com)
                  Sent:        Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:28 PM
                  To:          Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:              bobgrayl@excite.com; clgray99708@excite.com
                  Subject:     Hold Gas Line Special Session in FAIRBANKS
                  Importance: High
                 Governor Palin,

                 I'm appealing directly to you because my Interior Rep Guttenberg and Sen . Thomas have failed to
                 respond to my previous e-mail. I guess they are just too busy or important to respond to me, a voter
                 from their district. We in the interior are being rapidly strangled by high energy prices and the
                 associated high food prices. We have a very vested interest to be able to attend and observe the special
                 session, lobby not only the interior delegates but ALL of the legislature on this very important and
                 serious issue. PLEASE HOLD THE GASLINE SPECIAL SESSION HERE IN FAIRBANKS! Thank you.

                 Very Respectively




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015516
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Re: Congratulations                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                 From:     Palin
                 Sent:     Tuesday, April 22, 2008 12:07 PM
                 To:       John Katz
                 Subject : Re: Congratulations
                Sounds good. We can have Russ move sooner and I can get my candidate in the liason office sooner then. Thanks!

                Congrats on the Hickel award! Right on- and no one is more deserving. Of course I'll be there to cheer you on in
                August. I'll have janice/kris schedule that early.

                I responded to Kris' follow-up email re: chair of NGA Nat Res, I believe it could be good for AK, hopefully that was
                passed on to you and we can work towards that end. Let me know what I should do on my end, otherwise I'll assume
                you can work some of it from there.

                Thanks Mr. Katz- we appreciate all you're doing.

                ----- Original Message -----
                From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>
                To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Tue Apr 22 11:55:26 2008
                Subject: Re: Congratulations

                Russ and I have agreed that his first responsibility must be to you and Mike Tibbles. He is going to talk to Mike
                about a departure date.

                It sounds like you don't need him for the special session. In that event, Russ and I talked about early June, after he
                has completed his work related to the general session. He might be willing to come even earlier.

                Larry would like to leave in mid-June or shortly thereafter. So, it looks like we could have a smooth transition at
                both ends of the equation.

                Russ will take Larry's position. Michael Tubman, who I hope you will have an opportunity to meet relatively soon,
                will assume Sam's responsibilities. Sam is leaving on July 1. Right now, Michael is not scheduled to start until after
                Labor Day. In my judgement, he is worth waiting for, but Russ and I will need to share some of Sam's portfolio in
                the interim.

                Allison is leaving for Utah on June I. I've slowed the process of replacing her. I 'm not happy with the remaining
                candidates and am still looking for the right person . Her position will be quite important next year given the likely
                agenda of the majority party in Congress.

                Probably more than you wanted to know, but I wanted to give you the full picture.

                P.S. Have you had a chance to look at my last email concerning your possible chainnanship of NGA's Natural
                Resources Committee? You or I should probably move on this pretty soon.


                Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is jwkatz@alaskadc.org
                <mailto: iwkatzzalaskadc. org> . Thank you .


                >>> On 4/22/2008 at 3:31 PM, in message
                <15DAF56A25149D49B9666AF78A638FFED64679@SOAJNUMSG03. soa.alaska.gov>, "Palm, Sarah (GOV
                sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska .gov> wrote:


                Thank you! Trig is amazing!

                On another note- has Sam or Larry indicated when they want to pack up and head north? I (confidentially) have a



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015517
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Re: Congratulations                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                replacement in mind for Russ and this candidate would love to get going in the Leg Liason position very soon so we can gear
                up for special session and AGIA review (May 19), and things could move smoothly if Russ replaces a DC person at the same
                time. We could overlap, but ideally we'd sned Russ back East as your guy (s) transition out so you don't have a lapse there.

                ----- Original Message -----
                From : John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>
                To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Tue Apr 22 10:04:29 2008
                Subject: Congratulations

                Congratulations on Trig's birth! The statement that you and Todd issued was absolutely beautiful . It reminded me of some
                of my own thoughts when my daughter was born.

                I also appreciated your earlier statement that God doesn 't give us more than we can handle. It's good for me to remind myself
                of that every once in awhile.

                Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is jwkatz @alaskadc.org
                <mailto:jwkatz(a).alaskadc.org> . Thank you.




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015518
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Re: Congratulations                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown
                 From:      Palin
                 Sent:      Tuesday, April 22, 2008 11:34 AM
                 To:        John Katz
                 Subject: Re: Congratulations
                 Thank you! Trig is amazing!

                 On another note- has Sam or Larry indicated when they want to pack up and head north ? I (confidentially) have a
                 replacement in mind for Russ and this candidate would love to get going in the Leg Liason position very soon so we
                 can gear up for special session and AGIA review (May 19), and things could move smoothly if Russ replaces a DC
                 person at the same time. We could overlap, but ideally we' d sned Russ back East as your guy(s ) transition out so you
                 don't have a lapse there.

                 ----- Original Message ----
                 From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>
                 To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Sent: Tue Apr 22 10:04:29 2008
                 Subject: Congratulations

                 Congratulations on Trig's birth! The statement that you and Todd issued was absolutely beautiful . It reminded me
                 of some of my own thoughts when my daughter was bom.

                 I also appreciated your earlier statement that God doesn 't give us more than we can handle . It's good for me to
                 remind myself of that every once in awhile.

                 Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is jwkatz@alaskadc.org
                 <mailto :iwkatz analaskadc .ore> . Thank you .




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015519
