Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From:      Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                 Sent:      Wednesday , April 23, 2008 4:29 PM
                 To:        Sarah Palin
                 Cc:        Todd; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: CNN Headline News -




               From: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
               Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 4:29 PM
               To: 'Herrera Adrian'
               Cc: Katz, John W (GOV)
               Subject: RE: Liddy Visit

               Thank you Adrian - I will forward this directly to the Governor . Janice


               From : Herrera Adrian [mailto:aherrera@anwr.org]
               Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 4:03 PM
               To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
               Cc: Katz, John W (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Liddy Visit

               Hi Janice,

               I just wanted to pass on to you to pass on to the Governor that just now on CNN Headline News on the
               Glenn Beck Show Mr. Beck did a piece on Governor Palin's new born and congratulated her. It was the
               last piece on his show which also featured comments in support of ANWR in the beginning. The
               Governor's picture was shown and he read her quote about her new son with special needs . Beck also
               has a daughter with "special needs" he stated . Beck showered the Governor with extremely high
               compliments for her remarks and really really did a nice job promoting the Governor as a fantastic
               person. It might be worth passing this on as it was live on national TV for 5 minutes just ended 8pm
               EST.
               Adrian

               Adrian Herrera
               Arctic Power
               425 8th Street NW Suite 540
               Washington DC 20004
               202-248-4468 tel
               202-248-6123 fax



               8/27/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015529
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
                From :                  Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                Sent:                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 4:51 PM
                To:                     Sarah Palin
                Cc:                     Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC)
                Subject:                FW: Scanned from IM653OExec (E-Mail_Recipients]


                Governor:



               Attached is an e-mail we just received from former Commissioner of Corrections, Margaret
               Pugh.  In case the attachment is difficult to open, she states her support for Joe just as
               we have done.



               "Joe Schmidt is making strides towards turning the Correctional Officer workforce into a
               professional team that will run an ethical and committed Department.   .. . I know without
               asking that the union activists object to being held to higher standards. ... I just want
               you to know that Joe Schmidt is doing the right things."


             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               I will send former Commissioner Pugh a thank you for her e-mail.



               Randy



               -----Original Message-----

               From: Your Name (mailto:your_email®here.com]

               Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 5:07 PM

               To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

               Subject: Scanned from IM653OExec [E-mail_Recipients]



               Scanned from IM653OExec

               Public Scan

               E-Mail_Recipients

                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015530
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Date: 2008/04/23

              Pages :1

              Resolution:200




                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Provost, Kathryn T (GOV)
              From                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Sent:                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:12 AM
              To:                     Provost, Kathryn T (GOV)
              Cc:                     Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Corrections




              -----Original Message-----
              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj
              Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 6:54 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Corrections

              Web mail from: Margaret Pugh
              address: 1011 D St. Juneau AK 99801
               (907) 586-1598

             MESSAGE:
             Dear Governor:
             First, many warm wishes to your family from our family for Trig's birth.    You'll be one
             busy person now, but we all know you are a strong woman and up to your multiple callings.
             I will keep you and Trig in my prayers.

             And next ...I just read the article in the Daily News that the Correctional Officers Union
             issued a censure of Joe Schmidt. I want you to know that I stand by my opinion - which I
             have shared with you on several occasions - that your appointment of Joe was brilliant.
             Joe and I have not spent much time together recently, but I follow Corrections carefully
             and I know that he is doing well in all areas.   His comment in the newspaper that taking a
             firm hand in investigations on Officer wrong doing strained his relationship with the
             Union is correct.  The union is run by the same group as when I served as Commissioner and
             had they thought of censuring me, they certainly would have done so. I consider the
             action meaningless in every sense.

             Joe Schmidt is making strides towards turning the Correctional Officer workforce into a
             professional team that will run an ethical and committed Department. While Joe and I have
             not discussed this issue, I know without asking that the union activists object to being
             held to higher standards.

             Regarding the medical question behind which the activists are hiding, communicable
             diseases -unfortunately- are now and will continue to be major issues for institutions of
             all types that house large groups of people - including tour ships, as you know. Again, I
             know without asking that Joe knows the agencies that set guidelines for dealing with
             outbreaks.

             My apologies for such a lengthy e-mail. I just want you to know that Joe Schmidt is doing
             the right things.

             With best personal regards,
             Margaret M. Pugh
             (retired Commissioner of Alaska Department of Corrections)

            mpugh @gci.net




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015532
