Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :   Jackson, Karleen K (HSS) [karleen.jackson@alaska.gov)
                 Sent:    Tuesday, April 22, 2008 11:29 AM
                 To:      ExternalEmailgsp ; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne 0 (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV); Hill; Sherry (HSS)
                 Subject: Response to ADN article about health issues
                Governor -

                Many of your staff members and I have been working to craft a response to the negative ADN
                article about what this administration is doing about health issues. Below is our final draft for
                your review and approval.

                If you would like to discuss it further I am in Anchorage and happy to stop by your office - or
                you can reach me on my cell at Privilegedor in the office at 269-7806.

                Thank you!

                Karleen


                Opinion Piece, Anchorage Daily news
                April 22, 2008
                673 words

                Commissioner Karleen K. Jackson, Ph.D.
                Alaska Department of Health and Social Services

                Second opinion : solutions for health care need long-term look and fix


                Alaskans need a second opinion regarding the outcome of the legislature's 90-day session on
                health issues.

                Governor Palin's vision with the Health Care Transparency Act was to increase access and
                reduce costs of health care through competition, and provide information surrounding the cost
                and quality of care. Alaskans would have been provided information to make better-informed
                decisions about health care. Repealing Certificate of Need would have made health care more
                market-driven.

                The House and Senate Health, Education, and Social Services committees held numerous
                committee hearings - 12 total - which provided an opportunity for legislators, the health care
                industry, and the public to express a spectrum of opinions regarding the health care marketplace.
                House Finance also held a lengthy hearing. This is the furthest any such legislation regarding
                Certificate of Need has survived in the legislative process. We worked hard, but were unable to
                move the legislation through in the shortened session.

                However, Governor Palin is committed to working toward the recommendations of the Health
                Care Strategies Planning Council: to make health care more affordable and accessible for
                Alaskans, while achieving top-quality health care. This doesn't happen overnight - nor in 90


                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                 days; the issues are complex.

                Providing access to health care for all is a noble goal , but giving everyone health insurance does not
                ensure access to appropriate health care . We still need enough health practitioners and facilities to deliver
                the right care at the right time for each Alaskan . That means adequate health infrastructure must be in
                place to respond to increased health coverage . There is a need to gradually ramp up both infrastructure
                and insurance to avoid overwhelming any one part of the health care system.

                Last year, Governor Palin and the legislature supported the addition of 20 WWAMI program participants
                (HB18). It is an important step, and more positions certainly need to be added - not just to accommodate
                and support training for more doctors in Alaska, but also more nurses and other health care providers.

                Another success from this legislative session to support the health care infrastructure was HB 325, which
                extended and expanded a housing loan program to teachers and health care professionals . It will help
                those in teaching and health care professions to receive home loan incentives , aiding recruitment efforts.

                In addition, last year the legislature and Governor Palin supported lifting the freeze on income eligibility
                levels by increasing Denali Kidcare to 175 percent of poverty . Again, it is important to ensure the cost
                and the levels of service are sustainable before making additional increases . This year' s legislation to
                increase Denali KidCare to 200 percent of poverty lacks strong federal support . It is still up to Congress
                and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid to reauthorize the program . Governor Palin has called on the
                Congressional delegation to achieve timely reauthorization of the State Children 's Health Insurance
                Program (SCHIP), which is only authorized through March 2009 . With many seats in Congress and the
                presidency up for election, the outcome is unknown - it is not prudent to guess what will be allowed or
                improved for this program.

                Next steps : The department is assessing how to continue incremental improvements to health care in
                Alaska using current resources including:
                    . Establishing a Health Care Commission to work with a broad spectrum of health care professionals
                      and consumers to address and formulate policy on health care issues concerning affordability,
                      accessibility and quality of health care.
                   . Consolidating information already available to provide a web-based resource on health care,
                      prevention and healthy living.
                   . Providing outreach to Alaskans on healthy living : through the recent promotion of the President's
                      Challenge, for example.
                   . Evaluating what information is readily available on quality and cost from health care providers, and
                      what the state can link together into a comprehensive site.
                    . Promulgating regulations on Certificate of Need, to improve definitions and address areas of
                      concern , based on the Negotiated Rule Making Committee Recommendations.

                The Governor and the department look forward to continuing to improve health care in Alaska, and
                supporting Alaskans in achieving the greatest possible individual and public health.

                Karleen K. Jackson, Ph.D., is the Commissioner of the Alaska Department of Health and Social Services




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0015521
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of I


                 Unknown
                 From :    ETS Help Center [help_center@admin.state. ak.us]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, April 22, 2008 7:08 AM
                 To: . Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Password expiration warning
                 The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Sunday April 27th, 2:34 PM.
                 In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
                 password can be changed using the SOA Password Change oaae or Outlook Web Access.
                 Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
                 characters:

                      upper case alphabet
                      lower case alphabet
                      numbers
                      punctuation or symbols

                 Prior passwords may not be re-used.

                 Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
                 and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
                 applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
                 may need to be updated or deleted.

                 Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
                 assistance related to changing passwords.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0015522
