Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 4:27 PM
              To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Sean
                                       personal2
              Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Kim; Anna C
                                       (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Lyda

              Importance:              High


              Came across horribly on Fagan and Wesley Loy's article- they got it wrong... Makes it
              sounds like I dropped the ball by refusing to hear the bills in any future venue! Pls
              clarify asap, Comm Dept, before any more articles are filed on this. Did a press release
              go out???

              Sent from my BlackBerry© device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

              From: "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2008 16:26:45

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
             <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Nizich, Michael A (GOV) "
             <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Kim, Anna C
             (GOV)" <anna.kim@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: Lyda




             Here it is, Governor.



             April 23, 2008




             Dear Senator Green:



             I am in receipt of your letter requesting the gasline special session

             call be expanded to include parental notification and partial-birth

             abortion.      As you are aware, I fully support these bills. Quite

             frankly, I am surprised at this request, considering the ample

                                                                     1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015541
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              opportunity the Legislature had to address these issues in the recently

              concluded legislative session.



              House Bill 301, legislation prohibiting the practice of partial-birth

              abortions , passed the House and was transmitted to the Senate with 18

              days remaining in the regular session .    The Senate companion measure, SB

              264, was introduced in February , but no - action had been taken at the

              time HB 301 arrived in the legislative chamber which you preside over.

              Despite the apparent opposition of the committee chair, you referred HB

              301 to the same committee as SB 264 where it remained until the

              adjournment of the Legislature.



              Likewise , House Bill 364, legislation helping protect the fundamental

              right of parents to raise their children and be involved in critical

              pregnancy decisions by their young daughters , passed the House of

              Representatives with sufficient time to be heard and acted upon by the

              full Senate; however it , too, was referred to the same committee as its

              Senate companion measure , SB 279 .   You exercised your discretionary

              authority as the Senate President when you referred HB 364 to a

              committee which had not held one. hearing on that companion legislation

              despite the fact it was introduced on the very first day of the

              legislative session.



              As the end of session drew near , passionate supporters of these measures

              made an attempt to move these bills to the floor for a vote.          I was

              surprised to see that you and Senator Huggins voted with the opponents

              of these bills to block such a vote. While you may provide a technical

              explanation of why your internal rules do not allow this, I have been

              informed about a tool you had but chose not to use to advance these

              bills.



              Rule 48 . Discharge of Bills from Committee .   ( a) If the majority of the

              full membership of a standing ,   special , or joint committee desire that

                                                               2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              any

              legislation pending before the committee be considered, they may present

              the

              request, in writing, to the presiding officer. The presiding. officer

              shall sign the

              request and this action shall be noted in the journal. The committee

              chair affected

              shall schedule the specified legislation for consideration within three

              days after

              transmittal of the request by the presiding officer to the committee

              chair.



             As I understand this rule, Senator Huggins, if he felt passionate about

             doing all he could to ensure these bills became law, could have

              submitted a request along with his colleagues to get HB 301 and HB 364

              scheduled for a fair hearing.                    -



              I believe the majority of Alaskans support these measures as well as the

             majority of all members in the Alaska Legislature; however, the Senate

             failed to act on them.



             It doesn ' t make sense to allow your recent decisions to derail Alaska's

             ability to move a gas pipeline forward.   I do, however , feel these

             issues are important enough to be handled independently , outside oil and

             gas deliberations.



             As you are aware, Article 2, Section 9 of the Alaska Constitution allows

             the Legislature, by a vote of two-thirds, to call itself into a special

             session not to exceed 30 days. Are you considering this as an option?



             Since the House of Representatives held significant debate and public

             testimony on these measures, a shorter session, possibly in Anchorage,

             could be productive to address both bills. I am interested in hearing

             how, as Senate President, you would ensure that Alaskans will finally
                                                           3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sincerely,




             Sarah Palin

             Governor




                                                                4
