Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
             Sent :                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 1:41 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov .state.ak. us [mailto : WebMail @gov.state . ak.us]

             Sent : Wednesday , April 23, 2008 12:10 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Ann Lynch

             address : 247 Ryder Road Manhasset NY 11030

              5166276748



             MESSAGE:

             Congratulations on the birth of your beautiful boy.



             I have a fifteen week old daughter, Annie, diagnosed at birth with Down Syndrome. I am
             also a 44 year old mother and this is my fifth child .  The only thing in the first weeks
             after diagnosis that lifted my spirits was holding my precious daughter. She is
             beautiful !!! And so loved . I highly recommend the book "Life is a Blessing " by Clara
             Lejeune .  It is a biography of her father, Jerome Lejeune . It is a remarkable story about
             a remarkable man, who had much to say on Down Syndrome.



              I love the personal blogs of other mothers, in particular , emma-sage . org. Wonderful!
             Loveandlearning . com is a method of teaching children to read developed by Joe Kotlinski,
             the father of daughter with Down Syndrome .    Signing Times is a child's video series on
             sign language , my daughter listens to music all the time . DSRTF . org is doing research to
             improve cognitive abilities for children .     So many resources, for this journey .  May God
             bless you , your son and your family . Love , Ann Lynch



             lynch5@optonline.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0015578
