Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent :                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:45 AM
            To:                      Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Budget




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:16 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget




            Web mail from: Ms. TERRY WELCH

            address: P.O. BOX 225 PETERSBURG AK 99833

              907-518-1070



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

            First, congratulations on the new addition to your family.

            I would like to comment on funding for our fire hall which is in DESPERATE need of
            upgrading.  The roof leaks, the floor is sinking, the space is cramped, there is limited
            room for training and equipment. This poor place has been on the "back burner" of
            projects for so long, it's truely in a sorry state. I am a Medical Technologist at
            Petersburg Medical Center and often hear of the " near -miss" collisions of the Fire/EMs
            crews as they are pulling out of the bay to go out on a call. Traffic on main street must
            be stopped in order to get out and back into the garage.Our fire/EMS crews are all
            volunteer and right now we're in a slump as far as numbers go.I think this new building
            will not only help preserve the equipment and morale of the staff we have, but will help
            recruit new people as well. We need your help!

            Thank you and God bless you and your beautiful family.

            Terry Welch



            t malmomehotmail.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0015585
