Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                  Duff Mitchell [duff.mitchell@thomasbayhydro.com]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:52 AM
             To:                     pgriffin@fs.fed.us
             Cc:                     thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                                     Victor.O.Ross@poa02.usace.army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash;
                                     Joseph R (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                                     Crafford; Thomas C (DNR); Kate _Williams@stevens.senate.gov;
                                      Nathan _Bergerbest@murkowski. senate.gov; Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov;
                                      Connie_McKenzie@stevens. senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
             Subject:                 Cascade Creek Letter of Support to approve the Coeur Paste Tailings Facility


             Dear Mr . Griffin,



             I placed a hard copy letter in the mail yesterday

             addressed to your office. I am following up on that

             letter by providing an electronic copy of our letter

             of support for the hard work and final plan submitted

             by Coeur to find a win-win situation to what appears

             at times to be an endless task. I have worked with the

             folks at Couer throughout much of their progress in

             the last few years and have found them honest and

             genuine in their approach to "do the right thing" in

             protecting the environment and find innovative and non

             invasive solutions to extract ore in an

             environmentally friendly manner.



             I ask that you consider their PTF plan as the last

             step in allowing them to move forward. I look forward

             to your review process and ask that you approve their

             plan as submitted.



             Best regards,



             Duff




                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0015583
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Duff W. Mitchell



            Business Development Director




               Cascade Creek, LLC

               Box 23000 Juneau ,    AK 99802

               Cell Phone 907-723-2481

               ph 907 - 586-3333 ,   fax 907 - 586-4444

               Alaskans First ... Renewable Energy is Forever.




              The information in this email ( and any attachments hereto ) is confidential. if you are
            not the intended recipient , you must not use or disseminate the information . If you have
            received this email in error, please immediately notify me by "Reply " command and
            permanently delete the original and any copies or printouts thereof.




                                                                   2




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0015584
