Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:19 AM
            To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Ivy personal; Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
            Subject:                 Fw:

            Importance:              High


            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



            Sent from my B1ackBerry© device from Cellular One



             -----original Message-----

             From: "Debbie Toslin" <joslin@wildak.net>



            Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2008 10:56:09

             To:"Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject:




             Dear Gov.

             Ivy called me last night. She told me she thought the Speaker and Sen. President could
             call the legislature into special session by themselves. It is my understanding from
             reading the state constitution and statute below that they must get a 2/3 majority in both
             bodies to vote with them to do that. I have not talked with Lyda Green since she called to
             chew me out a couple of weeks ago. If I can help in any way, let me know.

             Debbie

             AK Constitution, Article II, Section 9 - Special Sessions.

             Special sessions may be called by the governor or by vote of two-thirds of the
             legislators. The vote may be conducted by the legislative council or as prescribed by law.
             At special sessions called by the governor, legislation shall be limited to subjects
             designated in his proclamation calling the session, to subjects presented by him, and the
             reconsideration of bills vetoed by him after adjournment of the last regular session.
             Special sessions are limited to thirty days.



             Sec. 24.05.100. Special sessions.

             (a) The legislature may hold a special session not exceeding 30 calendar days in length.
             The special session shall be called in either of the following ways:

             (1) The governor may call the legislature into special session by issuing a proclamation.
             At a special session called by the governor, legislation is limited to the subjects
             designated by the governor in the proclamation or to the subjects presented by the
             governor, and to reconsideration of legislation, if any, vetoed following a regular
                                                          1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0015595
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            session of that legislature . To enable the legislators to make travel and other
            arrangements , a proclamation for a special session shall be issued at least 30 days in
            advance of the convening date stated in the proclamation unless

             (A) the proclamation is issued under AS 26.23.020 (k);

            (B) the special session is called to address a disaster ;     in this subparagraph ,     " disaster"
            has the meaning given in AS 26 . 23.900 ;

             (C) the proclamation is issued while both houses are in regular or special session; or

            (D) the proclamation is issued within one hour after the second house has adjourned from a
            regular or special session.

            (b) A special session may be held at any location in the state . If a special session
            called under ( a)(1) of this section is to be convened at a location other than at the
            capital , the governor shall designate the location in the proclamation . if a special
            session called under ( a)(2) of this section is to be convened at a location other than at
            the capital , the presiding officers shall agree to and designate the location in the poll
            conducted of the members of both houses.




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1 _0015596
