Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From:      rick@sginc.com
                Sent:      Wednesday, April 23, 2008 2:47 PM
                To:        pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                Cc:        thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                           Victor.O.Ross@poa02.usace.army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R
                           (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                           (DNR); Kate_Williams@stevens.senate.gov; Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                           Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie_McKenzie@stevens.senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                Subject: Kensington Modified Plan of Operations
                Mr. Griffin,

                I am writing to comment on the 3/21 /08 Supplemental Information Report for the Kensington Modified
                Plan of Operations.

               I fully support the findings by the U . S. Forest Service that the Modified Plan does not result in impacts
               substantially different than those studied under the three prior SEIS's . This plan is materially similar to
               prior plans that have been studied , except in areas where it lessens various impacts . The Modified Plan
               decreases the impact to wetlands , decreases the size of the tailings berm and the corresponding space
               required , decreases water consumption , and decreases potential problems from closure /reclamation.
               This plan has the support of the environmental groups that have vigorously opposed this mine.

               Further, the Modified Plan elminates the usage of Cascade Point as a marine transportation terminal for
               the mine operations, eliminating another primary concern of the environmental groups.

               Juneau needs the Kensington mine, the jobs it brings, and the economic diversification that it provides. If
               the opening of Kensington is unreasonably delayed , Coeur Alaska will be forced to abandon its enormous
               investment in this project , killing this project and seriously harming the ability to attract responsible
               resource development companies to Alaska.

               I urge the Forest Service to expedite approval of the Modified Plan.

               Rick Shattuck, C.I.C.
               Vice President
               Shattuck & Grummett Insurance
               301 Seward Street
               Juneau , AK 99801
               Ph: 907-586-2414
               Fx: 907-586-3770




                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0015592
