Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1


                Unknown
                From :   Steve Underwood (steveu1970@yahoo.com)
                Sent:    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 2:47 PM
                To:      pgriffln@fs. fed.us
                Cc:      thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                         Victor.O.Ross@poa02. usace .army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash ; Joseph R
                         (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton ; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                         (DNR); Kate_Williams@stevens. senate . gov; Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski. senate.gov;
                         Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house .gov; Connie McKenzie@stevens. senate .gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                Subject: SIR message points
                Mr. Griffin,

                Enough is enough!

                We need the jobs that this mine will provide and as you can tell by most of the local sentiment
                regarding SEACC, they need to really become a non-factor. Most of those folks came here to
                fight all development and now that they've tied this up for years the costs associated with this
                have almost become unmanageable.

                They have no bottom line as they continue to get "donations " from special interest groups and
                can continue to fight on.

                Again, I implore you to no longer concern yourself SEACC's opinions.
                The locals here don't care what they have to say anymore . We the people of Juneau and the
                surrounding southeast communities are sick and tired of their ability to prevent job growth for
                our future generations. As I have two young children here, I would like to see continued job
                opportunity so there are reasons to stay in this community we love so much.

                Stephen H Underwood



                Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0015591
