Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:07 AM
            To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:02 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Rosemarie Lee

            address: 1440 Madison Ave. West Islip NY 11795

             631 587-4682




            MESSAGE:

            Govenor Palin, congratulations on the birth of your baby. I know how excited you are
            adding another "angel to your family.



            When I read the email about the birth, I felt compelled to inform you of a movie called
            "Mr. Blue Sky". You might have heard about it since it has been circulating in many
            countries as well as in.the United States.



            It is a heart-warming love story,which is as much about hope for children born with Down
            syndrome as it is an ispiration for all children born with any intellectual or
            developmental challenges.  The main message of the film is: Social inclusion and
            acceptance for all of these children.

            "Mr. Blue Sky" is a viewing experience one cannot forget as it ultimately will change the
            way society views all people as individuals first and foremost.



            we hope and pray that the movie will have a positive effect on the number of abortions
            taking place throughout the world and to open the hearts and minds of those who still
            harbor many prejudices.



            Please visit our website and take a look at the trailer. If you decide to alert your
            citizens about the film we are prepared to donate a portion of the proceeds to the Down
            syndrome community in Alaska.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015604
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                               www.mrblueskymovie.com



            Respectfully,

            Rosemarie Lee

            Executive Producer




            tlee44®hotmail.com




                                                               2
