Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:39 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usJ

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 8:57 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Paul Hanna

            address: 18735 N. Lowrie Loop Eagle River AX 9577




            MESSAGE:

            On behalf of my family I would like to congratulate you and your family on the birth of
            your son. I felt compelled to contact you because I would like to offer you and your
            family, my support with the arrival of Trig with Down Syndrome. While I don't know what
            you are going through I do know what I went through when my daughter was diagnosed with
            Downs.  I call it Downs because that is what sounds right to me. Lillian is 16 months old
            now and is lucky enough to have 47 chromosomes. My wife and I are strong supporters of
            special needs and would like to offer you any support you may need. I know that I am
            always interested in hearing/seeing different stages of development for kids with down's.
            Even though I work with SED children, have worked with developmentally delayed kids in the
            past and have a wife who is a special education teacher I was still ignorant of a lot to
            do with Down's. I am sure you have searched the web repeatedly. I remember what it felt
            like when the doctor tol

            d us in the recovery room that she suspected Lillian had Down's. I went straight home and
            logged onto the web and found out that kids with down's "are more likely to have
                       (insert various problems)" I now know Lily's birth was my God placing this
            special soul with parents that would value her soul. My wife Netti and I now joke around
            that my daughter is more advanced than the rest of us because she has more chromosomes
            than everyone else.   It is such a relief to laugh about the disorder and to for a brief
            moment let go of the worries of (for me) protecting her from being teased by being
            different.   I noticed you have been in touch with the Alaska Down Syndrome Congress. I am
            a new member having jsut arrived here in AR last fall, but enjoyed the one event I did
            participate in and would recommend seeing if we are a fit for you and your family.
            Anyway, if you or your family would like my family's support please feel free to contact
            me.  By the way this is about your son's

            disorder and not your job.         I have extend!

            ed this offer to other families without your high profile .  In the meantime take care of
            everyone and I hope to see Trig at the Special Olympic games . Take care . Paul, Netti and
            Lily.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0015614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            thewasp0l@gci.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015615
