Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 11:17 AM
            To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Media Requests

            Importance:              High


           Did folks read the letter? I will be there in an hour. Add a line in letter that says:
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


            And, add Privileged or Personal Material Redacted         I- I'll forward deb joslin's email
            that clearly explains that and you can include the statute that lines in out for lyda.



            Pls change those things before I get there to talk to Bill.

            Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah®yahoo.com



            Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2008 18:36:54

            To:"Rosanne Hughes" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Kris Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Janice Mason" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Re: Media Requests




            Did everyone read the letter then? Here's some corrections: Privileged or Personal Material Re
                                                              A few more changes I can text on my drive
            in to Anchorage will be forthcoming. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

            ------Original Message------

            From : Rosanne Hughes

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Cc: Kris Perry

            Cc: Janice Mason

            Sent : Apr 23, 2008 10:17 AM

            Subject: Media Requests




                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 _0015602
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Governor, Bill McAllister would like a few minutes with you today to

             talk about Senator Green's request to expand the call . We need to make

             sure the letter has been released before the interview.



            Also , Steve Quinn with AP would like a phoner with you regarding Trig.

            He is doing a lengthy story on you and the baby to run this weekend. Al

            Grillo would like to snap a few photos for the story.




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          2
