Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
            Sent :                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:47 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:24 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Kevin Orbaker

            address: 36 Platinum Circle Ladera Ranch CA 92694




            MESSAGE:

            I wanted to send you a short note to tell you how very proud I am of you and your family
            to make the decision to keep your precious gift of life even with the diagnosis of Down
            Syndrome. My family and I did the same thing 5 years ago. And this friday (4/25) my family
            will celebrate Tyler's 5th birthday.



            It is a challenge ... everyday... some days are easier than others , but somehow we always
            make it. And every day I thank God for sending me my son.



            I don't know what lies ahead, and I don't know what new challenges await both my son and
            my family... But I do know that is the ride of a lifetime, and I don't want to miss one
            minute of it.



            I pray that you, too, will experience the joy that we have now. I know you have a million
            email's about this subject already, but I do hope that this email finds its way to your
            desk and you can take comfort in knowing that there are MILLIONS of people out here
            praising your decision. I for one will continue to follow your story.



            Love,

            Kevin




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015610
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            kevin@orbaker.org




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0015611
