Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorcalaska.gov)
             Sent:                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:32 AM
             To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 7:41 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Mr. Kelly Sweeten

             address: 11832 South Douglas Ave. Oklahoma City OK 73170

              405-954-5800




             MESSAGE:

             Govenor Palin & Family,



             Please accept my congradulations on the birth of your new baby boy Trig. You are in for
             many more blessings than you can imagine. My 11 year old son, Samuel, has Down Syndrome
             and is the "apple of my eye".

             Trig will love unconditionally, and already has some of the best teachers he will need
             (your 4 older children).

             His desire to be included, as well as their love and devotion to their baby brother, will
             become the catalist for his determination to learn.

             If you will permit me, I would like to offer a couple of suggestions, coming from someone
             who has been where you are now.

             LEARN SIGN LANGUAGE NOW - YOU AND YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY. This is very important, as Trig
             will be unable to express his wishes and feelings verbally for quite some time. Learn not
             only for this reason, but ASL (American Sign Language) will also serve to facilitate his
             verbal speech as well.

             (Use ASL, Not Exact Sign. It is much easier to learn, for him and your family, and is
             most widly uitilized and understood.)

             Its my.hope and desire you, as a mother and public official, embrace and love this child
             with all that is within you. He will teach you and your family what complete and
             unconditional love is all about.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015629
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            May God Bless and Keep You and Your Family Always,

            Kelly sweeten ( aka; Samuel ' s Daddy)

            1 Samuel 27 & 28

             "For this child I prayed .... as long as he liveth , he shall be lent to the Lord."



            kelly. sweeten@faa.gov




                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0015630
