Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:28 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 5:16 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Melinda Roberts

             address: 4738 Aspen View San Antonio TX 78217




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Govenor Paling



            I saw the story regarding the birth of your son Trig, who has Down Syndrome. Like
            yourself, I too, was diagnosed before birth, that our daughter Kylee, would be born with
            Down Syndrome.   She also had a severe heart defect which required open heart surgery. We
            also have two older children. I want to say that even though we have many challenges
            ahead of us, we are so blessed to have her in our lives. She is such a special child and
            continues to be such a joy to us. She will be 4at the end of May and continues to make
            great strides in her development. I am also the Outreach Director for the Down Syndrome
            Association of San Antonio.   Our goal is to reach as many families as possible to get them
            the support and help they need for these special children. I am so glad that you have
            made this public in the hopes that more will be done for our children. They need the full
            support of our government and our communities. I do hope that there is a Down Syndrome
            support group in your area

            that you are able to contact. I don't know what I would have done without them here where
            we live.  We are all one "big" family! Again, congratulations of the birth of your son
            and hope that he is in good health.



            mendyroberts@sbcglobal.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0015639
