Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:30 AM
            To:                      'montecooley@roadrunner.com'
            Subject :                RE: Other

            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 6:44 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Monte Cooley

             address :   PO Box 9611 Moscow ID 83843

              208-882-7777




            MESSAGE:

             Hi Sarah -



            I'm currently employed at the University of Idaho, where I just noticed your photo on the
            main website.   Imagine my shock when I clicked for more info, did a quick websearch, and
            discovered that you're a Republican and - it would appear - a conservative as well! :)
            Actually, that's what led to the websearch - I couldn't imagine a Governor of Alaska who
            WASN'T conservative, and seeing you featured on a university website was a surprise - and
            a good one.   Needless to say, being conservative isn't very popular on university
            campuses...



            At any rate, I just dropped in to say hello and congratulate you on your governorship -
            very cool, especially at such a relatively young age!



            AND - even more importantly - it appears that congrats are also in order on a new member
            of your family! :)



             Pleased to meet you, and I wish you all the best!
                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015636
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                         z



                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015637
