Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:18 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:04 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. michele girault

            address : 3740 Reflection Drive Anchorage AK 99504

              223-8401



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            I wanted to personally congratulate you and your family on the birth of your son Trig.

            I was touched by your press release and so grateful for the words that you chose.

            You'll never know the impact it will have on our greater Alaska community to see the value
            and expectations of good . you give to your son , regardless of any "label".

            I have worked in the field of developmental disabilities for nearly 30 years . It was not a
            field I chose , it became a passion after a "temporary " job. Through the years so much
            progress has been made to create inclusive communities where everyone is valued,
            recognized for their gifts and talents, and allowed to dream, but there is more work to
            do.

            We all welcome Trig and look forward to watching him grow and no doubt you and your family
            will continue to break down barriers that would keep any citizen from full inclusion and
            living a life full of family , friends , and adventure.

            I wish you all joy!



            Michele Girault




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0015703
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            michele_girault@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0015704
