Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:18 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:03 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Kristine Muller

             address : 2930 Wiley Post Ave Anchorage AK 99517




             MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin!



            I am sorry if this is the wrong place to email you for this, but I just wanted to tell you
            congratulations for you new baby! I feel kind of silly writing to someone who does not
            know me, but I just felt that I needed to let you know that although things may seem scary
            and unknown now, it will only get better.   My family has also been blessed with a special
            child, Jenny, who is now 17 years old. I know that you have probably had a lot of emails
            on this topic already, but i just wanted to share a poem that a great friend of mine gave
            me after I had Jenny. It is called "Heaven's Special Child", you may have already
            received this, but just in case I thought I would tell you about it. It really helped my
            husband and myself, especially since she and her twin brother Sean were our first children
            at the time and I was only 24 when I had them. I knew nothing about children with Down's
            and.I was pretty scared at first, but everyone told me that was normal, and it is.



            I hope people are not giving you are hard time about this, I know that it is a joyous time
            but also a hard time adjusting. Your emotions will be back and forth, and people can be
            cruel, but I just needed to let you know how much of a blessing it has been for our family
            to have been given Jenny.   Not only to us, but for all of our friends and extended
            family.  A,lot of people at first thought that this would be too much for us, and they
            even apologizedi!  That drives me crazy! But, they just have no idea what they are
            missing out on in their lives. There is not a day that goes by that I don't thank God for
            my children, all three of them, they are all different and they will all give us
            challenges throughout our lives, but I would never want anything else. :)



            Anyway, I didn't know how to attach the poem on this kind of email, so if you don't mind
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015705
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             just googling Heaven ' s Special Child, please do, it is beautiful !       I have it framed and in
             Jenny's "Princess " bedroom.



             We are so very happy for you and your family. Get ready for some wonderful times!!



             Take care,



             Kristine Muller



             muller_kristine@asdkl2.org




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0015706
