Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent :                   Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:23 AM
             To:                      Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
             Cc:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                FW: Education




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 3:32 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Education



             Web mail from: Loretta Spalding

             address: PO Box 2997 Kenai AX 99611

              907-262-9055



            MESSAGE:

            First congratulations on Trig and your beautiful family statement about his birth. You
            and your family are an incredible witness to God's grace and I truly believe that is why
            God is blessing our State so abundantly.  At your prayer breakfast you said you and Sean
            Parnell prayed for our State each morning. I consider it a privilege to pray for you and
            Sean each morning too.



            For the past few years I have run a program in Kenai teaching Youth Employability Skills
            to youth with disabilities and high risk students. It has been very successful and one of
            my favorite students is Elijah, who also has Down's Syndrome. He is a hoot and I hope if
            you come to Kenai you can meet him someday.



            I am now the Executive Director for New Frontier Vocational Technical Center and we just
            got a Denali Grant to teach a Career Skills Institute (CSI) Soldotna. We will be focusing
            on high growth careers in construction and oil and gas development. But most importantly
            we focus on values, integrity and soft skills. I hope it is okay to hold you and your
            family up as examples for youth to stay true to their beliefs, hold integrity in high
            regard, and make a life that will be a blessing to their families and communities.



            Blessings to you and keep up the GREAT WORK!



            Loretta Spalding

                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0015698
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Executive Director

            New Frontier Vocational Technical Center



            loretta@aecak.org




                                                         2
