Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:18 AM
             To:                      Wilkens Jessica M (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Economic Development




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 2:56 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Economic-Development



            Web mail from: Mr. Shannon Spear

            address: 365 nordale rd north fairbanks AK 99712

              907-488 8767




            MESSAGE:

            Hi Sarah.

               we hope everything is going great with your new baby and your family.

               I have a quite a few important issues I would like to discuss with you.

             1  I am working on a jet boat patent wich I feel is going to sell extremely well. I Hope
            to increase the propulsion efficientcy to be as good if not better than that of a
            proppellar drivin boat of the same horsepower.At the same time improve the reverse mode
            response and reverse turns so dramaticily that I doubt it hard to ever be made better. I
            have the prototype almost finished and am thinking of selling it to one of the jet unit
            makers but I really feel that this state needs more manufactureing that sells to an
            outside market,and This device I think would be affordable to make here and could cause
            the proppellar industry big trouble. My patent attorney told me though that unless You
            have lots of money to protect your invention it will probably be best to sell it before
            someone who does have lots of money just takes it. So I am wondering if there are any
            state govronment incentive programs or partnership ventures that may be out there willing
            to Take a look at what I got and do

            a quick feasability study to see if this thing could be protected and manufactured in our
            State I know that if You read this Sarah you will know if it might be something worth
            looking into and where I may go to get the kind of help to investigate the matter
            further.Thank you for your time,I am looking foreward to your reply and your concerns and
            opinion.

             I have been thoroughly upset and unwilling to believe much in our leaders deeds or
            objectives in the past So I would like to end this letter by saying Thank you for being
            our Govoner. I'm sure your job hasn't been easy so far. If theres anything I can ever do
            to help out in any way please don't hesitate in asking.   Thank you and have a pleasant
            day
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015707
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             eaglerock@acsalaska.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015708
