Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:59 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 1:08 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Kathi Hindman

             address: P.O. Box 225 Glennallen AK 99588

              (907)822-5562



            MESSAGE:

            Congratulations on the birth of you son!!! He is so adorable. I know that not everyone is
            saying congratulations (although I hope they are). My son was born with Down Syndrome
            almost 25 years ago and people would notice he looked different and I would tell them he
            had Down Syndrome and they would get this horrified look on their face as if they said
            something wrong. We have come a long ways since then. I just wanted to tell you some hints
            I have collected over the years.

            1)   Infant learning is great and should be started as soon as you can.

            2) Using sign language was essential for my son however I wish we would have pushed the
            speech a little more because he is hard to understand.

            3) When its time for school the teachers may say they only have you son's interest in mind
            that isn't always true because they do have other students in mind. For my son I stayed in
            Glennallen because it is so small and my son was the only student with intensive needs he
            had his own aid which meant that he was totally included in the regular classroom from K -
            12 he went on with the same group of students until he graduated ( actually he walked with
            his class and then did 2 years vocational education). 2 good movies are Educating Peter
            and Graduating Peter. Learn your child's right under IDEA and being part of a
            support/advocacy group will help.

            4) If anyone tells you that just because your son has Down Syndrome he won't graduate, or
            learn read or write or anything really don't believe them. The only limitations your son
            has is those you allow other people or yourself to give him.

            5) Most important you can work and raise an other abled (I relly hate the word disabled)
            child. I raised 3 boys on my own 2 of which have disabilities one Down Syndrome and my
            youngest has Asperger's Syndrome which fits in the autism spectrum disorders. I worked
            full time at the local school and was a volunteer on the ambulance and fire dept.

            I guess in conclusion I would say I hope you like the roller coaster because as you know




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015720
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             with children it is always a roller coaster disabled or not. My mom would always says
             that's him being normal when I would complain . Good luck and best wishes.



             Kathi Hindman



             emsfirekat@cvinternet.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPOI 0015721
