Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:59.AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 1:21 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Mr. Colonel Tom Greco

             address: 10148 Timberrim Drive Cascade ID 83611

              208-860-9296



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Sarah and Todd:

             We recently met in Wasilla at the CWC Dinner at Evangalos. I want to thank you for gracing
             us with your presence and applaud your courage for your participation in this outreach
             events. In a world gone crazy to be politically correct, your leadership and role model
             are ones other elected officials should emulate and embrace.

             We also heard about Trig and we are so excited for your family. Our hope and prayers are
             that God will give you both strength in the days ahead and that other Alaskans will come
             beside you with support and love.

             Sarah and Todd: You are on our prayer list. If there is anything we could ever do for you
             please let us know. If you ever visit Idaho, there is always room for your family at our
             home. Please know you are loved. Hug all the kids for us.

             Very Respectfully,

             Colonel ( Ret) Tom and Gail Greco Cascade, Idaho



             tomgreco@fmtcblue.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015719
