Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:53 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 11:36 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Katrina Cannava

             address: P.O. Box 3355 Seward AK 99664

              907-283-7393




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,

             First of all let me congratulate you on the birth of you beautiful baby boy! I am writing
             this to you as a fellow working mother. I want to thank you for the role you have taken as
             a mother and a successful professional woman. You are an inspiring role model to Alaskan
             women! I have struggled in balancing my roles as teacher and mother since having my first
             child three years ago. Watching you thrive as Governor with four children and through a
             pregnancy and birth has been inspiring.

             Now with the birth of Trig again you are providing an amazing example of faith. I
             overheard some women talking about your pregnancy recently and wondering why you did not
             choose to abort. I want to thank you so much not only for your choice to embrace and love
             the gift that God has given you, but also for the voice you have given that love. Your
             thankfulness and love for your son is obvious. Your recognition that God has blessed you
             and your family with him is a testimony of faith.

             Thank you for the example that you provide through your faith, commitment and success in
             balancing family with work!

             God bless you!

             Katrina Cannava




             katrinacannava@kpbsd.kl2.ak.us




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0015727
