Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                     Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:57 AM
             To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                  FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   WebMail@gov . state . ak.us   [ mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

             Sent :   Tuesday, April 22,    2008 12:52 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin       ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Cindy Gould

             address: 2001 Shadow Lake Drive Edmond OK 73025

              405/844-0288



             MESSAGE:

             Dear Gov. Palin & Family,



            .I just received a     link to today ' s article in the Anchorage Daily News about your newest
             family member . I     just wanted to congratulate you and although receiving the news that
             your son has Down     syndrome was a bit of a shock and a cause for many adjustments, the
             article indicates     that you and your family have a wonderful outlook for Trig's future.



             The youngest of our four children and only son, was born just 4-1/2 years ago.   He was
             also a month early and was even smaller than Trig -- Trafford was 4 lbs. 13 oz. Trafford
             also was born with Down syndrome.  We did not get the diagnosis until his 2-week check-up
             when the karyotype came back.



             Our son is the coolest , funniest , sweetest , most determined , little boy we could have ever
             hoped to have . Our family has its share of challenges , but I don ' t feel that they are
             much more than most families that have four children .    Knowing what our life is like now,
             I wouldn't want to have Trafford any way other than how.he is.



             I have a feeling that your family will end up being the most wonderful ambassadors in
             educating others about Down syndrome . I will also make a prediction that Trig will be a
             great addition to your family and he and his siblings will accomplish many things that
             will make you proud.



                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0015722
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Congratulations!

            Cindy Gould

            Edmond, OK



            agould2@cox.net




                                                        2
