Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:26 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 5:35 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Cathleen Sherman

             address : 108 Running Fox Lane Charlottesville VA 22902




             MESSAGE:

             Governor Palin,



            I just want to wish you congratulations on your new son! I have a gorgeous daughter,
            Lilly, who is 22 months and has Down syndrome. When Lilly was born, I needed to hear one
            thing, and that is what I am passing on to you: "Do not worry - your child will be
            amazing!"  Ignore every piece of negative outdated information that you hear. My daughter
            is very smart - not only can she say about 30 words, but she knows sign language and can
            sign over 50 words! She is funny and beautiful and is exactly the child I always thought
            we would have - she is so much like myself! A few days ago she was playing independently,
            putting her "dolls" to sleep as she loves to do, but then she took out a toy stethescope,
            put it on her ears, and started checking her baby's heartbeat! Such a joy.



            My husband and I are both well-educated; I am a lawyer, working as a legal analyst
            (publishing statutes for Washington at LexisNexis), and my husband is a doctor. I'm just
            26 years old, and my husband is 31, and Lilly is our first child, although we'd like a big
            family eventually.  We've had many people tell us what our daughter's potential would be,
            in a negative way, and she's already exceeding every expectation. Someone told me she'd
            never be able to turn on a light switch; another person told me she'd never brush her own
            teeth.  She mastered these skills at about 1S months. :) Trust in your son first, and
            let him be your guide. And enjoy every minute, as you have with your other children. In
            so many ways, Lilly has been much easier than our friends' "typically developing" kids -
            she's been on over 30 flights; she's been to Disney World twice and loved it (even at her
            age!), Puerto Rico, NYC, and countless other cities; and she is the star student in Little
            Gym and Kindermusi

            k.  She does great in a regular daycare, and is more well-known for her pigtails and
            fashion sense than for having DS. One of her best qualities is that she appreciates
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015732
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             almost every situation , and tries to get the most out of every minute of the day. She
             draws people in so charismatically ; I've never seen anything comparable in another child.
             She gets more compliments than a girl needs! and it's not because of her chromosomes; it's
             because of who she is.



             Early Intervention services can start early - we started at 3 weeks with physical therapy,
             and now she does OT and Speech as well ; although she only qualifies because of her
             diagnosis , not because she's delayed in those two areas .     She does have hypotonia, and is
             not walking indpendently yet (probably another month or two ); but she can run while
             pushing a baby walker .   And keep up with the health care guidelines ; check for sleep
             apnea , thyroid issues , heart defects , hearing issues , etc - but the good news is that all
             of these are easily treatable .   Also , there ' s a great book called "Gifts " written by 60
             moms who rejoice in their kids with DS, I highly recommend it.



             I wish you all the best ; and I ' m so excited for the journey you are starting. Your new
             son will enrich your life in ways you never dreamed .    I've never laughed so much in my
             life than I do every day with Lilly .    If you ever need anything , don't hesitate to contact
             me.



             Best,



             Cathleen Sherman



             cathleensherman @aol.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0015733
