Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                      Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:45 AM
             To:                        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                  FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 4:21 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from : Ms. Jennifer Sweeten

            address :    11832 S .   Douglas Ave .   Oklahoma City OK 73170

              405 378 3869




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Palin,

            My husband, Kelly, and I wanted to take a moment to congratulate you on your new baby,
            Trig.  What a special person you must be that God has entrusted you with this special
            blessing. Our son, Samuel, is 11 years old and has Down Syndrome. We knew of his
            condition at 20 weeks gestation. We were advised on several occasions to abort this child
            but we knew that was not an option for us. Thankfully, we had strong support from family,
            friends and our wonderful church family. Sam is a strong, very active boy who loves to
            swim, ride his bicylce and ATV, and play with his cocker spaniel, Toby. He loves
            basketball, baseball, soccer and football as well. He also loves to play on the phone - he
            accidentally called Oklahoma's Gov. Henry one day!



            We want to encourage you with our story that although Trig may have special challenges, he
            will surely bless your life with love and laughter. Thank you for having the courage to
            accept him as he was created. We will pray for you and your family!



            Kelly and Jennifer Sweeten




            PS - We have vacationed in your great state many times. What awesome beauty you must
            enjoy daily!




                                                                    1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0015729
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             kandjsweeten@sbcglobal.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015730
