Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:09 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 7:00 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Sandi Williams

             address: 659 Aberdeen Ave North Bay OS P1B7H




             MESSAGE:

             Hi, I came across a site regarding your beautiful little boy you just had. I to have a
             baby with DS. SHe is a year old now. I found out she had DS when she was one day old. You
             are so right to say that God has blessed us with one of these precious children. After
             all, kids are a gift from God. I am sure he will do so many wonders in your life, and you
             will see them soon enough. Cassie sure has done wonders in my life. She has showed me what
             love is all about. I wouldnt change things for anything. She is the best thing that has
             ever happened in my life. We went though open heart surgery when she was five months old,
             but she is doing fantastic, and breezed through recovery really well. It really touches my
             heart when I hear of a parent that has just had a baby with DS. He will be such a joy in
             your lives just like your other kids. "Gives you a big hug" I saw his Pic on the site.
             What a cutie. Congratulations on your new baby. Take care. If you have any questions, feel
             free to write me.




             sandimike7@hotmail.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0015742
