Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:12 AM
             To:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Corrections




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 6:54 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Corrections



             Web mail from: Margaret Pugh

             address: 1011 D St. Juneau AK 99801

              (907) 586-1598



             MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor:

            First, many warm wishes to your family from our family for Trig's birth.   You'll be one
            busy person now, but we all know you are a strong woman and up to your multiple callings.
            I will keep you and Trig in my prayers.



            And next...I just read the article in the Daily News that the Correctional Officers Union
            issued a censure of Joe Schmidt. I want you to know that I stand by my opinion - which I
            have shared with you on several occasions - that your appointment of Joe was brilliant.
            Joe and I have not spent much time together recently, but I follow Corrections carefully
            and I know that he is doing well in all areas. His comment in the newspaper that taking a
            firm hand in investigations on officer wrong doing strained his relationship with the
            Union is correct. The union is run by the same group as when I served as Commissioner and
            had they thought of censuring me, they certainly would have done so. I consider the
            action meaningless in every sense.



            Joe Schmidt is making strides towards turning the Correctional Officer workforce into a
            professional team that will run an ethical and committed Department. While Joe and I have
            not discussed this issue, I know without asking that the union activists object to being
            held to higher standards.



            Regarding the medical question behind which the activists are hiding, communicable
            diseases -unfortunately- are now and will continue to be major issues for institutions of
            all types that house large groups of people - including tour ships, as you know. Again, I
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0015740
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             know without asking that Joe knows the agencies that set guidelines for dealing with
             outbreaks.



             My apologies for such a lengthy e-mail. I just want you to know that Joe Schmidt is doing
             the right things.



             With best personal regards,

             Margaret M. Pugh

             (retired Commissioner of Alaska Department of Corrections)



             mpugh@gci.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015741
