Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:14 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 6:44 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Pamela Bradley

             address: PO Box 84394 Fairbanks AK 99708

              460-2527




             MESSAGE:

            We respect you tremendously for being both a new mother and our governor at the same time.
            We are tremendously proud of you, and we send our prayers for you and your husband, your
            new baby, and the rest of your family. We are in such good hands, in the State of Alaska.
            I know you must be deluged with emails regarding your recent pregnancy, labor and birth,
            and I just want to add that I worked nearly into labor (and gave birth at home , with an
            attended birth), and not only do I know that women are very strong and capable, but I'm
            also thankful for your resilience and self-reliance. I hope you will always take whatever
            you need, in terms of time and everything else , for your baby, your family and for
            yourself.  Those are not contradictory wishes.. . and we are very proud of you and keep you
            in our prayers.



            pbradley@gci.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015738
