Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:00 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 9:14 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from :    David Berlin

             address : 1701 Circlewood Dr. Anchorage AK 99516

              907-644-0559



            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin

            Wonderful to hear of your new addition to your family!

            My son , Corey , is 22 years old and special needs . He is A . D.H.D., Autistic , Mentally
            Retarded and has Petit Mal Seizures which is controlled by medication.

            I also at first was sad as to my son ' s problems . One of Corey ' s first special needs
            teachers gave me this , which we keep posted on our refrigerator , and it gave me a much
            needed different perspective on Corey's life.



            Welcome to Holland

            I am often asked to describe the experience of raising a child with a disability --to try
            to help people who have not shared that unique experience to understand , to imagine how it
            would feel . It's like this...

            When you're going to have a baby , it's like planning a fabulous vacation trip -- to Italy.
            You buy a bunch of guidebooks and make your wonderful plans. The Coliseum. The
            Michelangelo David . The gondolas in Venice . You may learn some handy phrases in Italian.
            It's all very exciting.

            After months of eager anticipation , the day finally arrives. You pack your bags and off
            you go . Several hours later, the plane land .  The stewardess comes in and says , " Welcome
            to Holland."

            "Holland?!"  you say. "What do you mean , Holland? I signed up for Italy!                    I'm supposed
            to be in Italy! All my life I've dreamed of going to Italy!"

                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0015750
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             But there ' s been a change in the flight plan .    They ' ve landed in Holland , and there you
             must stay.

             The important thing is that they haven ' t taken you to a horrible , disgusting ,         filthy
             place , full of pestilence , famine and disease . It's just a different place.

             So you must go out and buy new guidebooks .  And you must learn a whole new language. And
             you will meet a whole new group of people you would never have met.

             It's just a different place .   It's slower - paced than Italy , less flashy than Italy. But
             after you ' ve been there for a while and you catch your breath , you can look around, and
             you begin to notice that Holland has windmills , Holland has tulips .     Holland even has
             Rembrandts.

             But everyone you know is busy coming and going from Italy , and they're all bragging about
             what a wondrful time they had there .   And for the rest of your life , you will say, "Yes,
             that ' s where I was supposed to go . That ' s what I had planned."

             And the pain of that will never , ever go away, because the loss of that dream is a very
             significant loss.

             But if you spend your life mourning the fact that you didn't get to Italy , you may never
             be free to enjoy the very special , the very lovely things about Holland.



             I have been to Holland and it is a wonderful place as is Corey.          You sound like you have a
             good perspective and we wish you all the best.



             Dave and Maureen Berlin




             dmberlin@gci.net




                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0015751
