Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                  From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.govj
                  Sent:      Wednesday, April 23, 2008 10:15 AM
                  To:        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: best wishes




                 From: Toby Osborn [rnailto:osbomds@doyon.comj
                 Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 2:57 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: best wishes

                 Governor,

                 You likely don't remember me (which is fine ), but we have spoken a few times and I campaigned for you a
                 little in Fairbanks.

                 I wanted to write and congratulate you and Todd on the birth of your son Trig. As the father of six of my
                 own, I am a fairly strong advocate for "the more the merrier" approach to childrearing . I also wanted to
                 share my own experience of having a sister with Down syndrome (also a nephew). My sister' s advent in
                 my parents middle age years-as the caboose to a train of seven previous children was certainly a
                 challenge for the whole family. Even then however , we recognized that challenge for the blessing that it
                 was. It brought our family closer together, gave us focus in a common cause and made us self -centered
                 older children quite a bit less self-centered . My sister has blessed the lives of my parents and siblings for
                 the last forty-plus years and has been an integral and joyful part of the family. As a side -benefit, I think
                 she has kept my parents young at heart through their seventies and eighties . I think that you will find your
                 lives similarly blessed.

                 My wife and I pray for your success in this new adventure and challenge-as we do for your success in
                 office.


                 Best regards and wishes

                Toby Osborn

                Chief Financial Officer
                Doyon , Limited




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 0015766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of I


                 Unknown
                  From :     ETS Help Center [help_center@admin. state . ak.us]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, April 23, 2008 7:08 AM
                  To:        Patin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Password expiration warning
                 The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Sunday April 27th, 2:34 PM.
                 In most state agencies , this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
                 password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
                 Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
                 characters:

                      upper case alphabet
                      lower case alphabet
                      numbers
                         punctuation or symbols

                 Prior passwords may not be re-used.

                 Important Note! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
                 and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
                 applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
                 may need to be updated or deleted.

                 Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
                 assistance related to changing passwords.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 0015767
