Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Tuesday, May 06, 2008 8:57 AM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Email regarding son in Army


Todd - Thought you may want to answer this one directly. Very touching - Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov. state.ak . us [mailto :WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 12:35 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



Web mail from: Ms. Linda Boldyreff

address: 127 Gould Ave Bedford OH 44146




MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin,



I read your profile in Vogue and was very impressed, an especially liked reading about your home life
and your family. I understand that you have a son going to Iraq; my daughter did two tours in the
Persian Gulf and I understand how you must be feeling. The first time my daughter Claire deployed
was as ships company aboard the USS Enterprise.



She was an aviaton ordnanceman; another ne of her duties as a search and rescue swimmer with
50/50 odds she would not make it back to the helicopter. She also was backup ships security force.



In Italy she fell in love and she and her husband gave us our first grandchild . Bobby her husband
died in October of 2000 from cancer with a child to rise . We were able to take care of him while her
                                                    1
                                                                                ROSTON 02403




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
new ship was being built. I was able to take the first cruise aboard the Iwo Jima when she left Gulf
Port to Pensacola.



Everything changed in 2001. Her ship was commissioned and she one of ships company to take the
American Flag to Ground Zero. After that her next mission was Iraq. During those 7 months we took
care of our grandson we knew our grandson might never see is mother again. For all those months I
waited to see if a Navy staff care with 3 men in it would arrive at our house and give us sad news.
Praise God now she is living in Wyoming and I have two more grandchildren. The weight is off my
shoulders.



If you son is ordered to Iraq I know you must be feeling alone even in crowd of people because a part
of your heat is somewhere else.l would like to extend my hand to help you through this.



I will be sending you a very small gift that I hope will comfort you somewhat. I wore my daughter's
ships crest on my flight jacket until the day she came home. It was my quiet protest against all the
anti Brush and the war. When I joined the Navy I took an oath to protect and serve the Constitution
from all enemies foreign or domestic and scrry out the orders of my Commander and Chief.



One of these days my husband and I hope to visit your wonder full state. But most of our travel
funds are limited to going to Wyoming to see our children I know you have a great deal on our mind
and I just wanted you to know there is someone who understands.



In Faith,

Linda Boldyreff




Iinda.boldyreff@gmail.com




                                                  2                              ROSTON 02404




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
