Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 23, 2008 8:54 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Tuesday, April 22, 2008 11:22 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Elvina Hutchinson

             address: 73 Hunderton Rd Hereford OS HR27A




             MESSAGE:

             Congratulations on your little boy. I wish him a very long, happy and healthy life.



             We also have a little one with DS.         She is now 21 months and is FANTASTIC,          of course we
             are a bit biased!



             When a child with DS is born it can be quite a shock, it was for us. She was our 3rd and
             very much loved child. I just wanted to tell you a little bit about her so that you will
             see that although there is lots of bad news out there you very rarely get to hear the good
             news.



            Gianna was born when I was 43 so DS was a possibility but we didnt want an amnio. When
            she was born we were told within an hour that she had DS but we had nearly lost her, not
            because of the DS, but because she was being starved due to a cord and placenta problem
            which the professionals hadnt noticed.  Anyway the thought of nearly loosing her made the
            DS pale.



            She had lots of tests and was eventually given the all clear. Naturally it was a tough
            time for us adjusting to the future. I found myself asking questions that I had never
            asked with the other 2, "would she be able to drive", "would she marry", crazy when she
            was a day old!!!!!




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015753
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Anyway she is a fighter and at 21 months has been walking since she was 18 months, runs,
             climbs everywhere , works tasks out for herself , can get herself food and a drink if she
             needs them , has never had more than a cold, has passed all her medicals , smiles at
             everyone and is a real charmer and basically is fantastic!



             You often hear about all the bad cases of DS but there are children out there like Gianna
             who will really show the world that DS is not such a bad thing.



             When she was little I did baby massage and baby yoga with her every day and it made a
             fantastic difference, breastfeeding also was vital I am sure.



             You may already have heard of it but if not there is a fantastic multi vitamin for people
             with DS which can be taken from birth , its called Nutrivene D and is highly recommended by
             many Drs in the US who specialise in DS .  We have been giving it to Gianna since 6 months
             and she really is thriving . We give our other 2 a multivitamin so why not Gianna too.



             I wish you and your'family all the very best and many many Congratulations..



             Best wishes



             Elvina Hutchinson - Very proud Mummy of 3



             hutch@hcjs.co.uk




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015754
