Unknown

From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [janice. mason@alaska.gov]
Sent :                   Tuesday, May 06, 2008 9:07 AM
To:                      Buck; Hannah K (GOV)
Cc:                      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                FW: July SCHEDULING -


Hannah - Please input into the database.



Todd - I wanted you to be aware of this request as I did not know how long you would be out fishing
in the area. Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 10:22 AM

To: 'scott@backlandoutdoors.com'

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information
you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to
each and every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 10:47 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Scott Anderson

                                                       1                      ROSTON 02405




 Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
address : 171728 240th Street Hutchinson MN 55350

 320-234-6192



MESSAGE:

Dear Governor Palin,



My name is Scott Anderson and I own a company called BackLand Outdoors. Part of what I do is
produce outdoor programming and I have just received an invitation to come to Bristol Bay to cover
the Commercial fishing of salmon.



Our shows BackLand Country and BackLand Experiences air internationally 52 weeks a year on four
different networks reaching over 70 million potential households. Instead of taking one of my regular
film crew staff with me, I thought it might be best to take my 15 year old son and have him work the
skiffs and the nets. I figured the story and experience would be best told through a youths eyes.
Chad Anderson my son has never been to Alaska yet alone helped on a fishing rig. The story told will
not only be real but fascinating to those that have never been in this environment, a story that shares
the beauty and wild of Alaska. He is extremely excited about seeing the largest run of reds in the
worlds as am I.



We will also cover the Katmai bears and National Forest on the tail end of our visit. Another story
that has good interest and will widen the eyes of a 15 year old. So much of today is spent behind
computers; especially the youth. Our society has slowly gravitated away from the hands on, the
sights and sounds of the wild world. I feel it best that we give the viewers a fresh look into the wild,
something that they might be able to experience in their lifetime, a drive to get outside.



I am contacting you for a few reasons; I understand that you and your husband run set lines in the
Bristol Bay area as well. It would most certainly be good to meet you and your husband and possible
have you on our show sharing one of your passions and part of your life style. Talk briefly about
Alaska and why take a child or the entire family to Alaska.



Second: Television production is expensive these days and I thought I would ask if there are any
assistance programs to help subsidies the cost of such a trip? Help with permits, travel, lodging, the
temporary youth commercial fishing license. I work very close with many tourism departments all
over the world and often have assistance. Seward worked closely with us last spring when we
covered the whales, sled dogs and black bears. We did a piece on Prince William Sound and
Seward.


                                                                                     ROSTON 02406




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
I will be in the Bristol Bay area on July 13 - 21st. hopefully we can connect and if there is anything
you can do to help it would be well appreciated. I am in my office all next week and available if you
have any questions. Thank you for your time, I look forward to working with you and your staff.



Sincerely,



Scott Anderson

President

BackLand Outdoors

Tel: 320-234-6192

www.backlandoutdoors.com




scott@backlandoutdoors.com




                                                   3                              ROSTON 02407




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
