Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                From :    Gail Knapp [GAILK@aml.lynden.com]
                Sent:     Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:00 PM
                To:       pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                Cc:      thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@ epa.gov; Victor,O.Ross@poaO2.usace.army.mil;
                         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan
                         (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C (DNR); Kate Williams @stevens .senate.gov;
                         Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski. senate.gov; Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov;
                         Connie McKenzie@stevens.senate .gov; jtrigg@coeur.com; Kevin Anderson
                Subject: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensington Gold Project
                Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
                Alaska Region - Tongass National Forest
                Juneau Ranger District
                8510 Mendenhall Loop Road
                Juneau, AK 99801

                    Re: Comments on U.S . Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the
                                              Kensington Gold Project
                Dear Mr. Griffin:

                I am writing in support of the new SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at Kensington
                which meets all NEPA requirements. No new SEIS or EA should be necessary, given the
                analysis provided in the SIR and three previous EIS's, supported by over 1000 studies and $35
                million in environmental baseline engineering and design studies.

                The PTF will use the existing National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) outfall
                previously permitted after a NEPA analysis. The PTF will also use the existing water treatment
                facility which has been shown to be effective in meeting state and federal water quality
                standards.

                The Sierra Club, Southeast Alaska Conservation Council and Lynn Canal Conservation
                supported taking the paste option forward as a better environmental alternative than the DTF.
                Paste tailings require less space and allow for enhanced water recovery, reducing water
                consumption. In addition, all contact water will be recycled or treated and will meet EPA's zero
                discharge requirement. The PTF berm will only be 85 ft. high, as compared to the dry stack at
                220 ft. high. The closure/reclamation strategy is simple and straight-forward, and there are no
                long-term water treatment requirements for the encapsulated tailings.

                I support the proposed move to Yankee Cove for transportation of workers, a fully permitted
                privately-owned facility, which eliminates the opposition of the Conservation Groups (SEACC,
                Sierra Club and Lynn Canal Conservation) to the Cascade Point facility. The move does not
                otherwise substantially change the transportation effects studied in the 2004 SEIS.

                The Kensington project is very important to the economy and future of Southeast Alaska and I
                am confident that the SIR process provides the environmental analysis to allow Coeur to
                proceed with this plan and the opportunity for open comment on this SIR enables involvement
                by public as required by the Conservation Groups.

                Gail Knapp
                President
                Alaska Marine Lines, Inc.
                100 Mount Roberts Street
                Juneau, Alaska
                www.shipaml.com




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015810
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Blank                                                                                            Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                 From :     jcc@alaska.com on behalf of Juneau Chamber occ@alaska.comj
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:02 PM
                 To:        pgriffin@fs.fed.us; thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                            Victor.O.Ross@poa02. usace .army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash ; Joseph R
                            (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                            (DNR); Kate Williams@stevens. senate.gov; Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                            Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie_McKenzie©stevens.senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                 Subject: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR regarding Kensington


                       Dear Mr. Griffin,

                       Please see attached letter regarding comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on
                       Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensington Gold Project

                       Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter.

                       Sincerely,
                       Cathie Roemmich, CEO
                       Juneau Chamber of Commerce
                       3100 Channel Drive , Suite 300
                       Juneau , Alaska 99801




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015811
