Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent :                  Thursday, April 24, 2008 1:16 PM
             To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent : Thursday, April 24, 2008 11:36 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Karen Carr

            address: 225 Winona ST N.E. Chatfield MN 55923

              507-867-3961




            MESSAGE:

            CONGRATULATIONS, Gov. Palin:



            Welcome to the wonderful community of Down Syndrome. You truly have been blessed. My Jaime
            is, now, seven. She is our sixth child. At 45, I was the "poster child" for the older
            mother who had a baby with Down's. It's a club we don't volunteer for beforehand... but
            once you're there you become grateful for being chosen!



            As you already know all children have challenges. None of my other children, aged 22-10
            years, looks like they'll be rocket scientists either :)



            Jaime is a sweet natured girl who has made us better people without speaking a word. if I
            had a pill, today, to take away the Downs ...I would not! It is a part of the essence of
            who she is. Yes, there were tears in the beginning. At six months I was nursing her. I
            burst out laughing. Looking down into her face, I couldn't believe I had been so silly to
            be afraid of how she would change our lives.



            You will be amazed that your life will actually become better after Downs . WELCOME!



            If there is anything I can do to help, please let me know.


                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015816
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sincerely,

            Karen Carr



            And if you ever need my pro-life vote I'm there for you!



            K2Carr@earthlink.net




                                                          2
