Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:53 AM
            To:                      'arthur@corlissfamily.org'
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:55 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget




            Web mail from: Mr. Arthur Corliss

            address : 3611 Hollyberry Circle Anchorage AK 99507




            MESSAGE:

            I am writing to protest the sheer idiocy of our state budget. Knowing that lean times are
            ahead is not a license to frivolously waste what windfalls we have at present. Nor does
            it take more than a few brain cells to realize that any capital improvements we undertake
            now are going to require an increased operational budget to maintain. An increase that
            will be more difficult to bare in the coming years.



            Unfortunately, it seems that all of Juneau is bereft of those few brain cells, since the
            lot of you seem hell bent on spending our largess like a drunken sailor.



            We have long had a ridiculous expenditure on a per-capita basis, and your little band of
            fools has managed to compound that idiocy by orders of a magnitude.



            If you claim the title of fiscal conservative, and the "responsible" party in Juneau then
            you are a bald-faced liar. No one in Juneau has earned that title.



            arthur@corlissfamily.org

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015828
