Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:                   Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:47 AM
             To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

             Sent:   Thursday, April 24,       2008 5:23 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from :     Mary Burkhart

            address :   13436 County Road 17 Fort Morgan CO 80701




            MESSAGE:

            Congratulations on your new son!! I have a 14 year-old son with Down Syndrome and I LOVE
            your perspective.  As you begin therapies and integrate them into your hectic schedule -
            there will inevitably be times when you get discouraged. It's NORMAL to get frustrated,
            but NEVER give up! Please don't make the mistake we did and focus so much on education
            and therapy that his social life falls through the cracks. Kids need friends, peers are
            critical to their happiness.  My son is happily looking forward to high school in August,
            and is active in 4-H club activities and is the manager of his school football team. We
            work hard to see that he is treated like his peers as much as possible. Again,
            congratulations on your new baby. Keep your positive attitude and the sky's the limit!!!



            Sincerely,



            Mary



            burkhart@kci.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015833
