Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:35 AM
            To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Cc:                      Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Education




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 8:46 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Education




            Web mail from: Ms. Carol Taylor

            address: PO Box 875391 Wasilla AK 99687

             907-352-7510




            MESSAGE:

            Hi Sarah!



            I am happy to announce that the Teeland Middle School Science olympiad team won the Alaska
            State Science olympiad meet (middle School division). 17 of our top students will be
            representing Wasilla and Alaska at the National Science Olympiad Tournament at George
            Washington University in our Nation'a Capitol in May.



            We are so proud of our students' accomplishments. They are some of our brightest and best
            future scientists, architects, physicians and engineers.



            We would love to have you stop by Teeland to meet our            team and to celebrate their
            accomplishments.



            We are busy raising the $28,000 needed to fund our trip. If you are aware of any help the
            Alaska legislature can.provide, we would welcome any help that can be provided.



            And congratulations on the new addition to your family. George and I were at your Mom and
            Dad's house the day prior to Trig's birth at the rally for Linda Menard's candidacy. We
            couldn't have been more surprised at the quick addition to your family. We are in awe!

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 0015846
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Blessings , Carol Taylor

           Teeland Nurse and Science olympiad coach



           carol . taylor@matsukl2.us




                                                       2
