Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:37 AM
           To:                      Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 9:16 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. David Frankl

           address: 10331 Stewart Dr. Eagle River AK 99577

            907.696.8517




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           I trust that you and your expanding family are well.   I hope that all of you are getting
           some sleep.  I hope that you will give consideration to the following re: the National Day
           of Prayer.



           I am writing to express my concern about the National Day of Prayer and the limitations on
           who can participate in it.



           When President Truman initiated a National Prayer Day in 1952, he intended for it to
           embrace all Americans whatever their faith tradition. Now it appears that conservative
           Christian evangelicals, led by Shirley Dobson (wife of James Dobson) and their
           organization Focus on the Family, have taken over this event. Calling themselves the
           National Day of Prayer Task Force, they are excluding Jews, Muslims, Catholics, Buddhists
           and even mainline Christians from National Prayer Day events scheduled for May 1, 2008.



           The National Day of Prayer Task Force requires volunteer coordinators to sign a pledge
           stating: "I commit that NDP activities I serve with will be conducted solely by Christians
           while those with differing beliefs are welcome to attend." The coordinators must also sign
           a statement of faith which includes the following language: "I believe that the Holy Bible
           is the inerrant Word of The Living God. I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God and
           the only One by which I can obtain salvation and have an ongoing relationship with God."
                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015843
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            This clearly aligns a government-sponsored event with a particular Christian denomination,
            in violation of the basic provisions of the First Amendment to the Constitution,
            establishing the separation of church and state.



            I understand that you have not yet issued a proclamation calling for a National Day of
            Prayer on May 1. When you do so, I urge you to make sure that your proclamation calls for
            an inclusive national day of prayer, one that embraces every faith tradition, encourages
            clergy from diverse faith traditions to participate and truly reflects the best values in
            our nation.



            Sincerely yours,



            David Frankl,   MD, MPH




            frankls@mac.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0015844
