Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:43 AM
            To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

            Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 3:37 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from : Ms. Cheri Huntington

            address:   1335 Garland Road South Bend IN 46614

             574-360-1270




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            Our family was so moved by your beautiful story as told by Glenn Beck on Wednesday
            evening.  I was in the kitchen and did not hear Glenn's story, but afterwards, my husband
            told me. I had to disappear into the living room of my home, lights off, to feel your
            joy, and then my sorrow for the loss of my conjoint twins nearly 10 years ago.



            I have great faith and God in my life. My husband, Tom, a physician does too, as do our
            five children.  It was only through God's loving presence in my life, through the gift of
            his Holy Spirit, that I was able to grieve and handle the pain. Many people in my life
            without really knowing what to say, told me that the twin's        , half-way through my
            pregnancy, was for the better. My friends from church understood how I felt though. With
            God ALL things are possible. I missed the opportunity to share in the twins life and love
            them, just as they were. I know that we will be re-united in heaven and will recognize
            one another.



            Last night I was so overwhelmed with emotion that you and your husband and family felt
            just like we did and still do. That a baby is a beautiful and miraculous gift from God, to
            be loved and nurtured. God bless you and your family. Your son is beautiful! We wish
            you a lifetime of joy.



            In Christ's love,

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0015835
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Cheri Huntington




             jakescheriayahoo.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0015836
