Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:54 AM
               To:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
               Cc:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject : FW: AGIA - Conoco/Philips - BP - Gas Line




               From: Paul Elkins (mailto:pselks@gmail.com]
               Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:59 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Cc: Senator Thomas Wagoner; Chenault, Mike (LAA)
               Subject : AGIA -- Conoco/Philips -- BP -- Gas Line

               Dear Governor Palin

               First congratulations on the birth of Trig Paxon Van Palin, he is indeed a lucky kid to have such
               a terrific mother and father.

               I Will express some of my thoughts on the subject, I am not nor do I claim to be an expert on this
               subject but I believe many Alaskans feel the same way. I am sure that all Alaskans want a gas
               pipe-line and the sooner the better, I believe your AGIA project has produced some good results
               in this direction and has resulted in bringing the industry(Conoco/Philips and BP so far) on
               board. I think their proposal has some Merritt but we have received many such proposals in the
               past and no results. I ask you to keep holding their feet to the fire, I'm sure it will take a lot of
               heat to get them to join in and build a line. I would think that getting all the permits necessary to
               cross Canada will be a big task, I have read that Trans-Canada has the permits if true this should
               be a big bargaining chip.

               Recently former Governor Hickel wrote an opt-ed stating the advantages of the Valdez line, I
               know this has been dropped from consideration but would seem to have some Merritt?

               Please do not drop AGIA and accept their offer without a guarantee of producing a line; from
               past promises I wouldn't hold my breath.

               Now on to the Point Thompson field; I believe it should be taken back and re-bid, 30 years is
               more than enough time for Exxon to produce.

               Paul and Martha Elkins




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI_0015853
