  Unknown
  From :     Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
  Sent:      Wednesday, May 07, 2008 10:33 AM
  To:        Sarah Palin
  Cc:        'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
  Subject : FW: Gov. Palin, my heroine
  Governor/Todd - This was forwarded to me by Karen Lewis, Exec. Dir. Alaska Right to Life. I thanked
  her and let her know I would forward directly to you. I have pasted into the body of the email. Janice

  ----- Original Message -----
  From : Tony Lauinger - Oklahomans For Life
  To: prolife(a)mtaonline.net
  Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2008 8:31 PM
  Subject: Gov. Palin, my heroine

  Karen,
          Thank you so much for your call. I was privileged to have been asked to give the
  invocation Friday evening at the Republican State Convention dinner at which Vice-President
  Cheney spoke. I thought you might like to have a copy of the prayer (attached). Actually, I
  would greatly appreciate it if you were to forward the prayer to Governor Palin herself. She
  should know she's getting prayers from as far away as Oklahoma! (Governor Palin is my choice
  for vice-president!) Best, Tony

  Dear God, the Author of life, Creator of us all,

        We thank You for the privilege of living in a country where we are free
  to acknowledge our dependence on You.

        We ask You to bestow Your g race upon our nation , our Par , and all
  gathered here tonight.

       Bless our elected leaders, especially our honored guest, Vice-President
  Dick Cheney, his wife Lynne, and their family. Thank you for Vice-President
  Cheney's selfless devotion to the service of our nation.

           Bless our President, George Bush, his wife Laura, and their family.

      Thank You for raising up these brave and honorable men at a time
 when our nation was in such need of their leadership, and for giving them the
 judgment and the strength to keep our country safe.

        Thank You for Oklahoma's great congressional delegation, exemplified
  by the dean of the delegation, Senator Jim Inhofe, whose common sense and
  uncommon courage are renowned.

           Thank You for our outstanding Republican state legislators , epitomized

                                                                                            ROSTON 02415
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
        by the senior member, Senator Jim Williamson , whose character , wisdom,
  and leadership are an inspiration far beyond our state Capitol.

          Bless all our nation ' s Republican leaders, especially Alaska Governor Sarah
  Palin , who last Friday gave birth to a son with Down Syndrome. Afterward, she
  said - quote - "We knew through early testing he would face special challenges, and
  we feel privileged that God would entrust us with this gift and allow us unspeakable
  'toy as he entered our lives . We have faith that every baby is created for good
  purpose and has potential to make this world a better place . We are truly blessed."
  - unquote

       Fortify all your public servants , Lord, so that they who are in the arena may
  always know that, in defending the sancti of innocent human life , they do what is
  honorable, principled , humane , noble, and right.

       And finally, guide our Party to follow You, and to proclaim those values
 which reflect Your own, so that we, as Your instruments, might help to shape a
 world in which Thy will may be done , on earth , as it is in heaven.

  Amen.




                                                                       ROSTON 02416
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
