Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 9:42 AM
            To,                      Kim; Anna C (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Seniors




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 5:04 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Seniors



            Web mail from:    Ms. Brenda Wallace

            address :   po box 554 Sutton AK 99674

              907-746-0053




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor,

                        First congradulations on your new family member, it must be an exciting time
            and busy time in your life. I think you are a very strong and intelligent lady. I
            apperciate everything you sacrifice for all of us. I do have some major concerns though. I
            have lived in Alaska for about 15+ years and a mother of 4 children. And a very special
            Grandaughter who is 15 months old. My husband and I were foster parents for about 8 years
            in Oregon before we moved our family up here. I have been in the nursing field for about
            13 years and try, I say try to raise my children right. But my oldest daughter got
            involved with a young guy and they had a baby, I thought he was a good guy until I caught
            him buying pain meds over my telephone. I questioned him and my daughter and they lied to
            me and said they dont do them and I found out later that they are snorting them and also
            smoking pot. My granddaughter was born with pot in her system and her dr. who is dr. smith
            wanted ocs to investigate a

            nd when the social worker came to the hospital the social worker told them it was no big
            deal and never followed up. Well my Grandaughters parents have never steped up to the
            plate as far as the baby. There have been multiple concerns not only by myself but also
            her doctor and ocs was contacted again and nothing is being done. My daughter has
            attempted suicide 3 times and the father has been the reason. Neither of these guys are
            mentally, stable to care for this child and no one follows up. I know as a parent I not
            only want.my granddaughter to grow up in a happy healthy home, I want my daughter to get
            help. They drive with no liscense or insurance and are always under the influence of
            something and I have called 911 on several occasions and again nothing is done. Can you
            please give me some directions of what to do or where to go. They are on public assistance
            and all kinds of stuff and they have only had thier baby for 4 nights since birth. She
            stays with us and I wouldnt have it any

              other way but I have no legal recourse b!

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015875
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            ecause if I get involved where my daughter knows then they told me I would never see her
            again. Help, what can I do, when I dont get no help from ocs or the troopers. Where do I
            turn to now.



                                          Thank you Brenda



            brendaleewallace2000@yahoo.com




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0015876
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                               Page 1 of 6


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:44 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 23-29, 2008




                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto: lnfo@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:23 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 23-29, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Apr. 23-29, 2008

                 HEADLINES...
                 1. Environmentalists and Industry Sue EPA over RCRA Oil
                     Waste Exemption
                 2. Republic Services First Quarter Earnings up by 41%
                 3. Waste Industries Expects to Stop Trading its Shares on
                     May 9
                 4. Waste Connections Posts Strong First Quarter as Expected
                 5. Plan to Build Waste-to-Energy Plant in Hawaii in Jeopardy
                 6. Waste Services First Quarter Earnings Back in the Black
                 7. Waste Management Opens another Landfill Gas-to-Energy
                     Project in Virginia
                 8. Veolia Develops 3.2 MW Landfill Gas Project in
                     Southwestern Indiana
                 9. Stericycie First Quarter Revenues Helped by Acquisitions
                 10. Clean Harbors to Offer 2.5 Million Common Shares
                 11. EIA Renews Partnership with Penton Media


                  The weekly news bulletin Is a service of Waste Business Journal.
                  WBJ provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn
                  more, please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  Slgnup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                  Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



                 Market Radius Reports
                 Focus on Your Market...
                 Market radius reports capture all
                 waste operations within a given
                 market. They provide analysis of the
                 major players by market share, and
                 show historical trends of pricing,
                 volume and capacity specific to that



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015877
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                    Page 2 of 6



                area. [Learn More...]


                1.   ENVIRONMENTALISTS AND INDUSTRY SUE EPA OVER
                     RCRA OIL WASTE EXEMPTION
                     Environmentalists and some industry groups have filed a host of
                     legal challenges against EPA over a rule exempting waste generated
                     by the petroleum refining industry from regulation under the
                     Resource Conservation & Recovery Act (RCRA) if the waste is
                     generated as fuel, saying the exemption violates the law's
                     requirements to regulate facilities that produce or burn fuel from
                     hazardous waste. Earthjustice, on behalf on the Sierra Club and the
                     Louisiana Environmental Action Network, filed an April 1 petition
                     with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
                     asking for review of EPA's regulation for oil-bearing hazardous
                     secondary materials from the petroleum refining industry processed
                     in a gasification system to produce synthetic gas. Industry groups
                     are also challenging the rule, with the Environmental Technology
                     Council -- which represents the hazardous waste recycling,
                     treatment and disposal industry -- filing an April 1 petition for
                     review ... Read More))


                2.   REPUBLIC SERVICES FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS UP BY
                     41%
                     Republic Services posted strong first quarter financial results even
                     though revenues for the period ending March 21 grew at only a
                     modest 1.8% to $779.2 million from $765.6 million In last year's
                     period. However, internal growth during the period was 3.7%, with a
                     6.2% increase from price, partially offset by a 2.5% decrease from
                     volume. Net income increased by 41% to $76.1 million, or $0.41 per
                     diluted share, from $53.9 million, or $0.28 per diluted share last
                     year. According to company's Chairman and CEO James E.
                     O'Connor, "During the first quarter, we expanded operating margins
                     despite reduced temporary construction volume and record high fuel
                     prices. I remain pleased with the Company's success In
                     implementing its pricing strategy, together with our focus on
                     operating efficiency, customer service and cost control ...... Read
                     More »


                3.   WASTE INDUSTRIES EXPECTS TO STOP TRADING ITS
                     SHARES ON MAY 9
                     Waste Industries USA, Inc. will officially stop trading Its shares on
                     the Nasdaq Stock Market on May 9. The action follows the company
                     sale to private investors consisting of management and financial
                     partners Macquarie Infrastructure Partners and Goldman Sachs.
                     They announced in December their intention to buy the company for
                     $38 per share in a deal valued at $544 million. The Raleigh, NC-
                     based company provides solid waste management services In North
                     Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Tennessee, Mississippi and
                     Georgia. Separately, the company said that it will announce first
                     quarter financial results at the close of market on Thursday, May 1.
                     Management will host a conference call the following day at 2 p.m.
                     (EDT) to discuss. .. Read More »


                4.   WASTE CONNECTIONS POSTS STRONG FIRST QUARTER AS
                     EXPECTED
                     Waste Connections Inc. reported that first quarter earnings
                     increased by 3.3% to $0.34 per share in line with Wall Street



                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 0015878
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                      Page 3 of 6


                     expectations. Revenues, driven by robust pricing and increased sales
                     rose 14.3% to $250.3 million from $219 million a year ago.
                     According to Citigroup Research analyst Leone Young, "Bottom line,
                     we believe it was a very solid quarter operationally, particularly
                     given the fuel and weather headwinds, with most of the upside
                     stemming from the gross margin line." She went on to say that the
                     company is successfully withstanding weakness in the US economy
                     with advantageous geographic exposure and its drive to grow
                     through strategic acquisitions ... Read More >)


                5.   PLAN TO BUILD WASTE -TO-ENERGY PLANT IN HAWAII IN
                     JEOPARDY
                     A plan to build a $125.5 million Waste-to-Energy plant in Hilo,
                     Hawaii recently faced extinction when the county finance committee
                     there voted 6 to 3 against the proposal. After a decade and having
                     spent $1 million, Hawaii County ultimately decided on a proposal by
                     Texas-based Wheelabrator Technologies to construct and operate a
                     facility that would replace the county's aging South Hilo landfill in
                     eastern Hawaii which is expected to reach capacity by 2012. For the
                     measure to survive, two of the council members who voted against
                     the proposal must reverse their decisions when it goes before the
                     nine-member council on May 7...Read More.*


                              ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites                  M`.
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                is the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date
                and comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                is a powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-
                date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
                materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                [Learn More...]


                6.   WASTE SERVICES FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS BACK IN
                     THE BLACK
                     Acquisitions and strong pricing growth outpaced a drop In volumes
                     to push Waste Services, Inc. first quarter profits Into the black. The
                     Burlington, Ontario-based solid waste management company earned
                     $12.7 million, or $0.28 per share, on revenue of $116.6 million
                     compared to a loss of $3.67 million, or $0.08 per share, on revenue
                     of $95 million for the first quarter of 2007. Revenues grew largely as
                     a result of $18.2 million In acquisitions net of divestitures but
                     internal growth added 0.8%. 3.9% pricing increases and 1.9% net
                     fuel.surcharge increases offset a 5% decline In volumes. "We are
                     happy to report that pricing remains strong In the current
                     environment and all of our regions are on track to meet expectations
                     going into our seasonally strong second quarter," said David
                     Sutherland-Yoest, chairman and CEO.. .Read More »


                7.   WASTE MANAGEMENT OPENS ANOTHER LANDFILL GAS-
                     TO-ENERGY PROJECT IN VIRGINIA
                     Waste Management, Inc. opened its latest landfill gas-to-energy




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 6


                     (LFGTE) facility at the company's Bethel Landfill in Hampton, VA.
                     The plant is expected to produce 4.8 megawatts (MW) of electricity
                     and represents the company's first such facility in Virginia as a solo
                     venture. The company previously announced plans to construct two
                     more LFGTE plants at their landfills in King George County and the
                     Middle Peninsula Landfill in Gloucester County. Together they will
                     generate an additional 19.2 megawatts of electricity. These projects
                     are part of Waste Management's national initiative to build 60 new
                     renewable energy facilities over the next five years... Read More n


                8.   VEOLIA DEVELOPS 3.2 MW LANDFILL GAS PR03ECT IN
                     SOUTHWESTERN INDIANA
                     Veolia Environmental Services is partnering with Energy Systems
                     Group (ESG) to develop a 3.2 Megawatt landfill gas-to -energy
                     project at Veolia's Blackfoot landfill in southwestern Indiana . Energy
                     Systems Group, which is a subsidiary of Vectren Corp., will design,
                     build, own and operate the power generation facility. ESG will also
                     sell the electricity to the power grid. It Is ESG's third LFGTE project
                     and Veolia' s tenth . "We are proud to play a role In decreasing
                     greenhouse gas emissions Into the environment ," said Richard
                     Burke, president and CEO of Veolia ES Solid Waste , Inc...Read
                     More »


                9.   STERICYCLE FIRST QUARTER REVENUES HELPED BY
                     ACQUISITIONS
                     Medical waste services company Stericycle posted 21% gains in first
                     quarter revenues helped by acquisitions over the last 12 months.
                     Revenues grew to $254. 8 million from $ 211.0 million in the same
                     quarter last year. Net income was $31 .7 million, or $0.35 per share,
                     compared with $29.4 million, or $0.32 per share, for the same
                     quarter last year. A lawsuit settlement charge reduced net income
                     by $3.3 million or $0.04 per share. Higher fuel costs and acquisition
                     mix also put a crimp on earnings but these were helped by slightly
                     lower interest expenses and a lower share count due to share
                     repurchases. Recently the company Issued and sold $100 million In
                     senior notes to nine Institutional purchasers according to a filing with
                     the SEC... Read More »


                10. CLEAN HARBORS TO OFFER 2.5 MILLION COMMON
                    SHARES
                    Clean Harbors, Inc. filed a shelf registration with the SEC for a
                    proposed follow-on public offering of 2.5 million shares of its
                    common stock. Goldman Sachs is the underwriter for the offering
                    and is granted 375,000 over-allotment options. Proceeds from the
                    offering for the waste management services provider are expected
                    to reach more than $200 million and will be used for acquisitions,
                    debt repayments, or working capital. Separately, the company said
                    it will host a conference call on May 7 at 9 a.m. (EDT) to discuss first
                    quarter financial results... Read More >

                11. EIA RENEWS PARTNERSHIP WITH PENTON MEDIA
                    The Environmental Industry Associations (EIA), the national trade
                    association for the waste services and equipment Industry, and
                    Penton Media , Inc. recently renewed their partnership agreement.
                    Under the 5-year agreement, Penton will continue to produce,
                    market and manage WasteExpo, while EIA will have primary
                    responsibility for WasteExpo educational sessions . Penton Media,
                    Inc. is considered to be the largest independent business-to-



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0015880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                     Page 5 of 6


                    business media company in the U.S., serving over six million
                    professionals every month... Read More))


                 Waste Market Overview Sbse of the Waste Management Industry
                                                 Historical and Pmoded
                 & Outlook                       ryv BWtuws,1
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation, collection,
                 processing, recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and
                 demand for disposal, and
                 shows the increasing role of
                                                  rnr!rne]r^ rn r*^rnrnrnr!r*1
                 the private sector. Waste
                 equipment and the emerging importance of e-waste, C&D recovery,
                 food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment
                 · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and
                  publishes a variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports
                  for clients based on their particular needs. Please give us a call or
                  email to discuss how we can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190
                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info@ wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                 UNSUBSCRIBE
                 This email was sent to office-of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                 info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                  Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscribe 'm I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER



                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0015881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                   Page 6 of 6



                  Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate , errors may
                  appear and are unintentional.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0015882
