Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Ralph Andersen [randersen@bbna.coml
                 Sent :    Thursday, April 24, 2008 9:38 AM
                 To:       'andora@nushtel.net'; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Tibbles;
                           Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Greta Goto; Ev
                 Subject: RE: Declaring
                 Dear Governor Palin: I am writing this to support Nels Anderson's request in his
                 correspondence to you below. I agree with all of the points he raises.

                 We in rural Alaska have been living and trying to survive an energy crisis for years. As
                 an example of our home heating fuel prices, I have attached is a cost comparison of
                 heating fuel prices between October 2007 and January 2008 in many villages in the
                 Bristol Bay region. We expect the price o increase again with the arrival of the next fuel
                 barge. This information was gathered as part of the Citgo fuel program BBNA operated
                 again this year. Similar information is or should be available for all of the other regions
                 in Alaska that participated in the Citgo program. It's quite revealing that we must accept
                 assistance to heat our homes from a company owned by a foreign country.

                 I encourage you to consider a disaster declaration for all Alaskans. Thank you.

                 Ralph Andersen
                 Chief Executive Officer
                 Bristol Bay Native Association

                 From: Nels and Dorothy (mailto:andora@nushtel.net]
                 Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 4:48 PM
                To: Governor Palin; Lt. Governor Parnell; Mike Tbbles; Commissioner Emil Notti; Ralph Andersen; Greta
                Goto; Ev
                Subject: Declaring


                 April 23, 2008

                 Governor Sarah Palin
                 State of Alaska
                 Juneau, Alaska 99811

                 Re: Energy Crisis in All of our Villages

                 Dear Governor PaHn:


                 I would request that you assemble your state disaster cabinet to consider declaring all of our
                 villages "Energy Disaster Areas" because of the years they have had to pay very high electricity
                 and fuel costs. There is no relief in sight and the next fuel barges will deliver more expensive
                 fuel.

                We have been asking for relief for many years and as far as I know, the state disaster cabinet has
                never assembled on behalf of our villaages that are facing horrendous electricity and fuel costs.



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0015893
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                It is not fair to consider Juneau to the exclusion of all of our villages that are losing population , schools
                are closing, no new jobs are being created, and villages a shutting down their basic education, life,
                health, and public safety functions.

                Please help us out here . We are going over an energy cliff and only massive intervention can turn the
                tide. We need a moriatorium on energy sales taxes and a state-wide fuel subsidy program to lower our
                cost of gasoline , heating fuel , diesel , aviation fuel, and propane.

                More people will move away from their ancestral homes becoming energy refugees escaping high
                energy costs looking for a lower cost of living in hub communities and in the Railbelt.

                I hope that you will look kindly on this request for help.

                Best regards,

                Nels Anderson, Jr.
                Box 234
                Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                907-842-2366
                andora(@ nushtel.net



                This is from the "Daily News-Miner, April 23, 2008


                A state disaster cabinet met the same day on the city 's request for assistance. The cabinet requested more
                information on ways to mitigate the impact on the residents of the giant spike in costs.

                Massive slides took out several towers and 1.5 miles of transmission line near the Snettisham
                Hydropower Facility last Wednesday.




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0015894
