Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 4


                Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Thursday, April 24, 2008 10:25 AM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Alaska State Chamber Capital Notes, April 23, 2008




                From : Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, April 23, 2008 6:36 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Alaska State Chamber Capital Notes, April 23, 2008


                Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                Capital Notes
                www.alaskachamber .com                                       Wednesday April 23, 2008



                90 day Session Works
                Proponents of the 90-day session are probably gleaming with "I told you so thoughts," as the
                legislature not only adjourned on time, they adjourned with time still left on the clock. Normally,
                as witnessed by this author, sessions always adjourn in the final hours and sometimes do not
                even finish on time. This is the first time in years where both bodies adjourned with all of the
                work completed and with many extra hours still available.

                The capital budget and operating budgets both passed. In reality, the bills probably could have
                been completed earlier in the session. Any bills falling into the "must pass" category passed out
                days prior. While many folks working in the capitol building complained of a hurried schedule
                and longer working hours than normal, most folks would have to agree the shortened session
                turned out rather successfully. One caveat, had the legislature taken up a complex piece of
                legislation like PPT or natural gas pipeline contracts, it is likely the Legislature would not have
                met the 90-day session goal for adjournment.

                Saving Money-Legislature Squirrels Away $5 billion
                In the past couple of years, the State Chamber has been advocating for saving money. We
                recognize, and have been attempting to communicate to legislators, staff and business groups
                that the state is running out of oil, an event predicted to occur in the next ten years. Regardless
                of the price, without adequate supply, the oil pipeline will down once output of crude drops to
                between 300,000 and 400,000 barrels a day. Currently, the pipeline is moving less than 750,000
                barrels a day, down from the peak of 2.1 million in the late 80s. Without a new source of
                revenue, ideally the gas pipeline, the state is going to run off a financial cliff, as on-going state
                operations require some source of stable financing.

                So, when you got it, save it. While the legislature did a very good job of spending money this
                year, they also did a very good job of saving money as well. Below find a quick list of how the
                legislature saved money, all of which ended up in the Constitutional Budget Reserve (CBR):



                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0015896
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 4



                Supplemental Budget-placed $ 3.6 billion into CBR
                Operating Budget-placed $1 billion into CBR
                Capital Budget- saved another $400 million into CBR
                Total Savings into CBR-$5 Billion

                State Budgets - Whopping Amounts!
                As previously noted in our capitol notes, the operating budget passed both bodies early and at record
                amounts . The final conference committee budget (the formal process for adopting differences between
                Senate and House budgets) totaled just over $ 10 billion. This is a sizable increase from last years
                operating budget, which totaled about $9.1 billion. Operating budgets are on average increasing at
                roughly 10% per year . With oil production in decline , continued double-digit budget increases are not
                sustainable.

                Capital Budget Grew and Grew
                From its formal introduction, the state capital budget grew every time it passed from one committee or
                one legislative body to the other . As is and not accounting for the CBR savings, the capital budget
                topped out just short of $3 billion. Many projects added in were for personal house districts, others at
                request of local municipalities or even the girl scouts . Traditional mundane projects like road
                improvements , water and sewer upgrades , harbor infrastructure , power generation and the like were
                included with projects normally taken on by local charities such as batting cages , the girl scouts and air
                shows. The Governor has already stated that their will be some scrimping and cutting as she gets out the
                big red veto pen. While nothing is certain , one could expect the Governor might veto some $50-$350
                million of projects . The Governor may reduce support for some projects with more funding coming in
                future years . Big-ticket items included a bridge in Ketchikan , sport fish hatcheries in Anchorage and
                Fairbanks along with many other large roadway projects.

                PERS/TRS Issues Put To Rest
                As previously reported in many of our capitol notes, the unfunded liability of PERS/TRS public
                employee and teacher retirement systems became a quagmire of sorts for the legislature for much of the
                past four years . Less money was coming in to pay for outgoing retirement costs . Local municipalities
                particularly were being hard hit often paying exorbitant amounts of money to cover retirement
                liabilities . For three years, the legislature put a band-aid on a growing problem by providing barely
                enough money to local governments to cover local contribution costs . With recent passage of SB 125
                and HB 13, funding, contribution rates and state matches are included for a long-term fix to the
                PERS/TRS issue . The Stat ! e Chamber has been advocating for a permanent fix to the PERS/TRS
                problem for the past four years. In fact, last year, it was a Chamber top priority. The Chamber has been
                concerned that the affects associated with not solving the issue would put local businesses at risk
                through increased property taxes . We are hopeful that the issue will be put to bed for many years to
                come.

                Legislature Reinstates Community Revenue Sharing
                With passage of SB 72 in the final days, the legislature hopes to provide lump sums of money for local
                municipalities to enable local government control . Sponsored by the Senate Community & Regional
                Affairs Committee, the bill attempts to make communities whole after years of significantly reduced or
                no revenue sharing. With the elimination of the program five years ago, many local municipalities
                raised property taxes, increased assessments or eliminated services altogether . A few small
                municipalities revoked their municipal charters. While the bill places into statute the framework in
                which the program is to operate, funding is still dependent on final approval by the legislature within the
                operating budget. ! Without a consistent source of revenue, property taxes increased substantially in the



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015897
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 4


                past few years, with the largest taxing population being Alaskan businesses.

                Legislature Passes Top State Chamber priority: HB 125 requires Long-Term Financial
                Plan
                Like any financial organization , the state is joining the business community by actually planning for the
                future . While HB 125-sponsored by Rep Mike Hawker , doesn't require the legislature or the governor to
                put anything into effect, it does require the Governor to submit to the Legislature a long-term plan
                incorporating expenses, revenues and other future financial considerations . HB 125 will put into law an
                amendment to the Executive Budget Act , which requires the Governor to submit a fiscal plan looking
                out 10 years for the entire state. The bill would force each sitting governor to update the plan annually
                and to include all expenditures and revenue sources . We were engaged on HB 125 from the beginning
                through our lobbying efforts and by providing constructive dialogue, written and oral sup! port.

                Businesses Well Represented before the 25th Alaska Legislature
                The State Chamber plays an active role again this session. At one point , the Alaska State Chamber was
                following, covering , looking to halt, amend and or pass 82 bills and resolutions . Many bills introduced
                in the past two years created serious concern for Alaska's businesses. Our greatest successes occurred
                when legislators chose to work with us rather than against us. For some individuals it is far easier to kill
                a bill; however, our professional approach allows us to work with all individuals regardless of party or
                other issue.

                In a few cases , we were successful in reviving bills languishing in committee for months. While other
                bills that had little room for compromise , were held in committee for future consideration. We were
                successful in helping pass the bills listed below, most of which fall into State Chamber Legislative
                Priorities. Working towards passage took a great amount of effort from our legislative staff. Lining up
                important votes, facilitating amendments , working on scheduling hearings, reassuring legislative staff
                and legislators there was necessary support and back-up material and meeting with committee chairs
                were just a small portion of the State Chamber' s efforts in passing the following bills:

                HB 25- Recreational Land use liability
                HB 125-Long Range Fiscal Planning
                HB 147- Tourism Matching Funds for Tourism Marketing
                HB 149-State Primacy-Pollutant Discharge Permits
                HB 152- Renewable Energy Fund
                HB 217- Tourism Disclosure and Notices
                HB 228 -Worker's Comp Medical Treatment Fees
                HJR 8 -Washington Container Fee
                HJR 20- Bypass Mail Rate Increase
                SB 72 -Community Revenue Sharing
                SB 120-Unemployment Compensation Benefits
                SB 125-PERS/TRS Contributions and Unfunded Liability
                SB 254-AK Regional Economic Assistance Programs

                BP & Conoco- Phillips Announce Plans to build the Alaska Gasline
                Early this month, as you probably read in the local newspapers, both BP and Conoco plan to spend $600
                million to put together a comprehensive plan for building the Alaska Gas pipeline . The project is
                expected to cost well beyond $30 billion. It is still unclear how this recent move by the companies will
                affect TransCanada' s bid under the AGIA process.
                Special Session still forthcoming on AGIA
                The Governor has called a 30-day special session in Juneau beg inning June 3.



                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015898
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 4 of 4


                The Executive Proclamation calls for legislators to review "any action taken by the commissioner of
                natural resources and the commissioner of revenue " under AGIA.

                If you would like to look up a Bill passed by the legislature then.
                Any person can follow the legislative process and access bills, committee substitutes or determine which
                legislator is on a particular committee in the Legislative Bill Action and Status Inquiry System (BASIS).
                You can see what committee a bill is in, when it will be heard, how committee members voted, and
                much more. You can also view all bills relating to your specific areas of interest by selecting "Subject
                Summary" from the menu on the right. Just click on the link below and bookmark it for later use.
                 http://www. leais .state.ak.us/basis/start.as-o




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0015899
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                 From:      ETS Help Center [help center@admin.state.ak.us]
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:07 AM
                 To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Password expiration warning
                The password for SOA userlD ' govsp' expires Sunday April 27th, 2:34 PM.
                In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
                password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
                Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
                characters:

                        upper case alphabet
                        lower case alphabet
                        numbers
                        punctuation or symbols

                 Prior passwords may not be re-used.

                Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
                and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
                applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
                may need to be updated or deleted.

                Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
                assistance related to changing passwords.




                 10/22/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0015900
