Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 5:02 PM
            To:                      'immrscox@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 5:03 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



            Web mail from: Ms. Jessica Ford

            address: 510 apt. a 8th st. Fort Richardson AK 99505

              907-7441505




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,




                                       My Name is PFC Jessica Ford; I am a Solider in 95th Chemical
            Company. I am writing you for help with a very serious problem I am having with Sergeant
            First Class Miller. Sgt Miller is my Platoon Sgt and has been harassing and stalking me
            for a few weeks now. I have seen his car in numerous places I have been and around my
            Quarters area. He has called my squad leader on different accounts to ask why I was in
            certain places at certain times, at times were I am handling personal business off post.
            He has openly admitted to watching me and my home to an NCO and then openly lied to me in
            front of 95th'S EO representative when he was confronted about my situation. This
            situation has made life unbearable for Mother who's an Army Dependent living with my
            family and I. We are not receiving the guidance or help that we need and there is not much
            more we can do but hide in fear. I have tried to move Platoons and have been denied a very
            simple change that would make a w

            orld of differences. I have had problems similar to this were I have filed an informal
            complaint about one of my NCOs' touching and grabbing on me in clubs and parties. I was
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             offered and apology and then forced to work with this person for the last year. I have
             been hospitalized and received a year and counting of therapy. And now I'm being forced to
             relive'to terror . If you can do anything to help us we would mean the world to my family.
             I would like this situation to reach the ears of someone who can help us. I fear this will
             only make it worst for me but I had to try.




             250-55-6618

             Private First Class

             Jessica Lorraine Ford

             95th Chemical Co.

             Fort Richardson, AX

             99505




             immrscox@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 0015930
