Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:57 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:39 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Lois Simenson

             address: 9524 Noak Circle Eagle River AX 99577

              907-696-4502




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,

             Congratulations on the birth of your new son, Trig! You are awesome and will forever be
             .my role model. I've supported everything you have done since taking office...I work in oil
             and gas for the Dept of interior, and follow things closely. The thing that I admire most
              is your commitment and dedication to Alaska. You are focused, know what is best for our
              state and all of us who are privileged to live here. The other thing I love about you is
             you take time out for us "ordinary" people (I shook your hand in Sullivan's in Anch one
             day during your campaign). Even though you were on a hectic schedule, you took the time
              to talk to us and listen to ur concerns. I'll never forget that.. I read a wonderful
             article about you in the Arizona Republic that was so positive about what you've done for
             Alaska.   Please don't pay attention to criticisms in the "Daily Snooze," Fagan's show (why
             he's on the air is beyond me) or any other media .  You are on the right course and your
             unwavering convict

             ion and passion for what you do is unsurpassed.     Please , Sarah, never lose your
             passion . . .so many people lose it along the way...and please don't let the Washington crowd
             entice you away from us. We need you more than we've ever needed anyone before... If Jay
             Hammond were here he'd be so proud, supportive & blown away by you. You GO GIRL!!!       Our
             best to you & your family. Please enjoy your beautiful new baby boy, and watch out for
             that exhaustion factor.     You're incredible.  Thank you for all you do. Thank you for
             being so positive in such a difficult, cynical world. The motto around our house is, "If
             Sarah can do it, we can do it!"

             Lois Simenson



             simenson@gci.net


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015935
