Unknown

From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Saturday, May 10, 2008 9:12 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :               FW: Congrats - High School Acquaintance




-----Original Message-----

From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov.state . ak.us]

Sent: Friday, May 09 , 2008 1:56 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Robin Inman

address: 3640 East 66th Avenue Anchorage AK 99507

907-644-0635



MESSAGE:

Good Afternoon Sarah,



I'm not sure if you remember me.... we went to school together at Wasilla High School. I was Robin
Summers back then (I've been married now for almost 24 years so it seems a bit odd seeing my
maiden name, lol). I just wanted to e-mail you and let you know how impressed I am with the
wonderful job you are doing as our governor. I had moved from Wasilla to Anchorage right before
our senior year in High school so I wasn't in Wasilla while you were Mayor, so I wasn't able to see
your experience first hand. So......I wasn't sure how you would be as our governor, you have won me
over though. I realized I had adopted a thought process that makes me not trust most folks in politics
as most seem to be embedded in the Good Old Boy system. It's very refreshing though to see
someone in the top spot who is honest, hardworking and very family based. Thanks again for doing
such a wonderful job on our behalf.



Congratulations to you and Todd on Trig 's birth . Children are such a wonderful blessing. My
                                                   1
                                                                                ROSTON 02422




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
husband and I have to two kids (ah, I keep saying kids but our oldest daughter is 23 and about to be
married in October and keeps reminding me she's not a kid anymore, lol..... oh well our 16 year old
son will have to keep carrying that torch, lol). I'm sure your kids are excited about having a new baby
brother. Take care and your an inspiration to all of us working mothers.




Blessings,

Robin Inman



robin@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                   2                         ROSTON 02423




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
