Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:28 PM
              To:                     Kelly; Russell T (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject:                RE: Abortion bills


              The only criticism I've seen or heard is on Fagan (what's new??) and Jim Minnery of Alaska
              Family Council had a headline that Lyda and the Governor are playing "hot potato" with
              these abortion bills.



              The criticism I was referring to earlier was on a totally separate issue (Trig and his
              birth), not the Lyda/abortion issue. We've gotten good press on this, really.



              Rosanne Hughes

              Press Secretary and Communications Director

              (907) 269-7450




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

              Sent: Thursday, April 24,        2008 4:25 PM

              To: gov.palin@yahoo.com; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

              Subject: RE: Abortion bills



              Is the criticism coming via radio? I ask only because I haven't seen any on the ADN,
              though I could have missed it. Are you getting e-mails critical of the administration?
              From last night's KTUU, ADN and JNU Empire stories I thought it was reported pretty
              well.. .putting it back in Lyda's lap where it belonged. I realize you might be hearing
              different reactions up north, though. I'm just curious so I can be prepared for what's
              out there.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com]

              Sent: Thursday, April 24,        2008 4:08 PM

              To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

              Subject: Re: Abortion bills


                                                                     1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0015949
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Thank you Russ . The more info I get on this , the better . Lyda was supposed to call me
              today between 3-4 between flights , but I never did hear from her. If she does reach me, to
              chew me out , I'm going to tell her exactly what I think about all this ... amazing that
              Tuckerman and her people succeeded to a degree here on putting the burden on us instead of
              her being held accountable . We are receiving great criticism by those who are
              misunderstanding the issue , and the process.

              -----Original Message-----

              From :   " Kelly, Russell T (GOV )" < russ . kelly@alaska.gov>



              Date :   Thu, 24 Apr 2008 15:58:49

              To:gov . palin@yahoo . com, "Tibbles , Michael A (GOV)"       <mike . tibbles@alaska . gov>,"Hughes,
              Rosanne D ( GOV)" <rosanne . hughes @ alaska.gov>

              Subject : RE: Abortion bills




              We've heard very little ,        except from some democrat legislators who were

              opposed to the abortion bills being added to the call of the special

              session on AGIA .     Other random responses were that the letter was

              well - received among those who are sick of Lyda's games .... the numbers

              are MANY.




              I will reach out to the legislators you've mentioned below and see if

              they have thoughts to share regarding this issue.



              RK




              -----Original Message-----

              From : gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com]

              Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 3:27 PM

              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV);

              Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

              Subject: Abortion bills



              I sent this to Sean :     and have u guys heard what lawmakers want us to do

             with abortion bills?

                                                                   2




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015950
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Ltgov : I'm waiting to hear from friendly leggies on what they'd like to

              see us do with calling for session on abortion bills. If/when called, it

              will be in Anchorage . And very short in duration. Any advice on this to

              add to what Coghill, Dyson, Dallstrom, et al may share?




                                                            3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Re: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensin ... Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                  From :   Paul Grimaldi [Paulg@ltia .lynden.com]
                  Sent:    Thursday, April 24, 2008 6:26 PM
                  To:      pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                  Cc:      thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                           Victor.O.Ross@poa02. usace .army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R
                           (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton ; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                           (DNR); Kate _Wiiliams@stevens. senate.gov; Nathan_Bergerbest @murkowski. senate.gov;
                           Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie_ McKenzie@stevens . senate .gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                  Subject: Re: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensington Gold
                           Project
                 Mr. Pete Griffin

                 District Manager, Alaska Region

                 Tongass National Forest in Juneau

                 Juneau Ranger District

                 8510 Mendenhall Loop Road

                 Juneau, AK 99801

                  Re: Comments on U.S . Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the
                                            Kensington Gold Project

                 Dear Mr. Griffin:

                 I am writing in support of the new SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at
                 Kensington which meets all NEPA requirements. No new SEIS or EA should be
                 necessary, given the analysis provided in the SIR and three previous EIS's, supported
                 by over 1000 studies and $35 million in environmental baseline engineering and design
                 studies.

                 The PTF will use the existing National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES)
                 outfall previously permitted after a NEPA analysis. The PTF will also use the existing
                 water treatment facility which has been shown to be effective in meeting state and
                 federal water quality standards.

                 The Sierra Club, Southeast Alaska Conservation Council and Lynn Canal Conservation
                 supported taking the paste option forward as a better environmental alternative than the
                 DTF. Paste tailings require less space and allow for enhanced water recovery, reducing
                 water consumption. In addition, all contact water will be recycled or treated and will
                 meet EPA's zero discharge requirement. The PTF berm will only be 85 ft. high, as
                 compared to the dry stack at 220 ft. high. The closure/reclamation strategy is simple
                 and straight-forward, and there are no long-term water treatment requirements for the
                 encapsulated tailings.

                 I support the proposed move to Yankee Cove for transportation of workers, a fully
                 permitted privately-owned facility, which eliminates the opposition of the Conservation


                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015952
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Re: Comments on U.S . Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensin ... Page 2 of 2


                 Groups (SEACC, Sierra Club and Lynn Canal Conservation ) to the Cascade Point facility. The
                 move does not otherwise substantially change the transportation effects studied in the 2004
                 SEIS.

                 The Kensington project is very important to the economy and future of Southeast Alaska and I
                 am confident that the SIR process provides the environmental analysis to allow Coeur to
                 proceed with this plan and the opportunity for open comment on this SIR enables involvement
                 by public as required by the Conservation Groups.

                  Paul Grimaldi

                  Lynden Transport, Inc.

                  206-575-9550




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015953
