Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:56 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@ gov.state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, April 24,         2008 4:48 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. tammy Swofford

             address: 1811 Pilgrim Drive Irving TX 75061

              972-253-6157




             MESSAGE:

            Congratulations to the Palin family on the birth of a beautiful son!



            My guest commentator (Blackfoot) is back on the blog with the story.



            As an aside, the first comment out of the chute is from my own brother John. He was born
            with severe cerebral palsy and has spent his life in a wheelchair.



            Sadly, he is now struggling with a brain tumor that is also destroying the poor sight
            which he already had. But amazingly, he has had a wonderful life with a strong supportive
            family system to cheer him on. To say that I am a nurse today because of him, is a
            distinct understatement. What I learned of compassion, loving and caring, came from having
            John as part of our. family structure when I was in my formative years.



            Along with the challenges, the Palin family will surely find their own lives enriched
            beyond measure as they laugh, cry and explore life, with Trig.



            Best regards,

            Tammy Swofford

            www.tammyswofford.blogspot.com
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015936
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              tammyswofford@yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015937
