Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:56 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Labor




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, April 24,         2008 4:49 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin          (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Labor



             Web mail from:    Ms. Marcia Dawson

             address: 14635 STERLING HIGHWAY NINILCHIK AK 99639

               907-567-3480




             MESSAGE:

             Gov. Sarah Palin, I am a 66 year old Grandma. I have never written to anyone even near
             famous.



              I want you to know that I have watched your career since moving to Ak in 2006 to be near
              family. You are the decent sort of person we need in politics.



             Your new son Trig and your handling so nicely of the event, made my heart sing, as he will
             yours for years to come.



             You had your choices, we all know that. Your choice will bring you joy you have never
             imagined.



             I wish I could include a picture of my friend's son Jake, a young man with Downs Syndrome
             living in Oklahoma. He is grinning ear to ear as he hands roses to the Rodeo Queens at the
             finals, just as he grins when he wins at Special Olympics rodeo events and at swimming and
             when he seats folks for Mass on Sunday.



             For years I worked with kids with problems that began at home with abuse and neglect. Oh
             that thier only cross to bear had been a loving family and an extra chromosome.


                                                                     Z




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0015938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I knew you your husband were special when you let your only son (at the time ) join the
             Army . He trained at the same place my grandson , who is now in Iraq did . You are probably
             the only political family in the USA with a kid who is " out there with the rest of them".



             I have to love you for that and for your choice for Trig.



             Keep making your choices based on your obvious set of great personal ethics. They will
             work , and when things go awry you will still be able to say you did what your heart said
             is right.



             Guess I have said enough except bless your new son and the rest of your family. Your fan,
             Marcia A. Dawson MHR



             tbhoss2 @aol.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0015939
