Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :     Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 24, 2008 4:46 PM
                 To:        'gov.palin@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Abortion bills
                 I left messages for Nancy Dahlstrom and Fred Dyson on their cell phones.

                 John Coghill and I just spoke and he offered some tidbits:

                           He said your letter to Lyda "was wise, and right on." He said it
                           basically sends the message, "tell me how you'll get it done and I'll
                           help you." He also said, Lyda's going to "have to explain how she'll do
                           things differently."
                          As to the possibility of adding the bills to the AGIA special session -
                           he believes you have to be concerned about the potential negative
                           effects on AGIA. He said AGIA already faces challenges and it won't be
                           helpful to add such controversy to the special session.
                           As to the possibility of the legislature calling itself into a special
                           session to address the abortion bills - He said it is unlikely due to
                           the need for a 2/3 vote. He said the Senate definitely wouldn't be able
                           to do it, and that the House would be very close, and would possibly not
                           have the votes. He points out that LeDoux and Seaton are two
                           Republicans who won't support such a call. Coghill said he'd need to
                           somehow find at least 3 democrats to help. For their part, Beth
                           Kerttula cannot say strongly enough how much her group is opposed to
                           addressing these bills via special session.
                          As to the possibility of you calling a special session to address the
                           abortion bills - Coghill said it's obviously doable, but that there
                           would be tremendous pressure to add other issues , such as Denali KidCare
                           and Universal Healthcare, etc.   He is pleased that Lyda now has the onus
                           on her.

                 Mike spoke with Gene Therriault and Gene said he would talk to Dyson about
                 doing an OpEd and addressing Jim Minnery' s comment . Gene will follow up with
                 us tomorrow.

                 Russ


                 -----original Message-----
                From : gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto : gov.palin@yahoo.com]
                Sent : Thursday , April 24, 2008 4:08 PM
                To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV); Hughes , Rosanne D (GOV)
                Subject : Re: Abortion bills

                Thank you Russ . The more info I get on this, the better. Lyda was supposed to
                call me today between 3-4 between flights, but I never did hear from her. If
                she does reach me, to chew me out, I'm going to tell her exactly what I think
                about all this... amazing that Tuckerman and her people succeeded to a degree
                here on putting the burden on us instead of her being held accountable. We are
                receiving great criticism by those who are misunderstanding the issue, and the
                process.
                -----Original Message-----
                From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.,gov>

                Date: Thu, 24 Apr 2008 15:58:49




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015957
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                 To:gov.palin@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
                 <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>
                 Subject: RE: Abortion bills


                 We've heard very little, except from some democrat legislators who were
                 opposed to the abortion bills being added to the call of the special
                 session on AGIA.  Other random responses were that the letter was
                 well-received among those who are sick of Lyda' s games .... the numbers
                 are MANY.

                 I will reach out to the legislators you've mentioned below and see if
                 they have thoughts to share regarding this issue.

                 RK



                 -----Original Message-----
                 From: gov.palin@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com)
                 Sent : Thursday, April 24, 2008 3:27 PM
                 To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV);
                 Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)
                 Subject; Abortion bills

                 I sent this to Sean: and have u guys heard what lawmakers want us to do
                 with abortion bills?

                 Ltgov: I'm waiting to hear from friendly leggies on what they'd like to
                 see us do with calling for session on abortion bills. If/when called, it
                 will be in Anchorage. And very short in duration. Any advice on this to
                 add to what Coghill, Dyson, Dallstrom, et al may share?




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0015958
