Unknown
From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Saturday, May 10, 2008 9:40 PM
To:                     fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject:                FW: Thank you


-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@ gov.state . ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 11:34 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Mr. Ron Siebels

address: 1945 N. Salem Dr. Anchorage, AK AK 99508




MESSAGE:

THANK YOU GOVERNOR PALIN.



Dear Governor. I want to send our sincere thanks for spending time with us on Saturday May 3rd and
for signing the Purple Heart Trail Bill.



Seeing you in both your role as our Governor and as a Mother with two of her children present made
everything extra special. Piper was smiling from the time she walked in the door to the time you left.
That was indeed a Kodak moment for all of us and everyone simply loved that warm addition to our
honored event. The way that Piper was taking care of and holding her little brother was simply very
sweet and it received fantastic comments from all who were with us. Your actions prove that children
who are loved have constant angels and those Angels are called MOMS.



Your words during the signing event were kind and honorable , and just having you with us meant a
lot to us.


                                                   1                            ROSTON 02424




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Once again, we sincerly thank you for taking care of and caring about Alaska's combat wounded
veterans.



We do have one more favor to ask. We hope you will approve the budget amount that will be used to
upgrade the Veterans Memorial on the Park Strip in Anchorage. Many veterans are encouraged that
you will also help to get that done.



But once again concerning Saturday , THANK YOU-THANK YOU-THANK YOU.



Ron Siebels

MOPH, Commander, Dept of Alaska



ronakph@gci.net




                                                2                            ROSTON 02425




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
