Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:                    Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:21 PM
              To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
              Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Can't confirm all three notified


              If the bd said yes, then yes... and be they gave their approval they can not fault us
              later for releasing in front of them.

              ------Original Message------

              From: Rosanne Hughes

              To: Governor Sarah Palin

              To: Mike Tibbles

              Cc: Kris Perry

              Sent: Apr 24, 2008 7:21 PM

              Subject: Can't confirm all three notified



              Governor, Mike T. has been trying to confirm that all three were

              notified but cannot confirm - cannot reach the parties who are able to

              confirm. Please advise if you want this to go out anyway. Standing by.




              Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015986
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                             Page 1 of 6


                  Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ govemor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Friday, April 25, 2008 10:50 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: [ED REVIEW) ED Review (04/25/08)




                 From : Honeysett, Adam [mailto:Adam.Honeysett@ED.GOV]
                 Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 5:24 AM
                 To: ED REVIEW@LISTSERV.ED.GOV
                 Subject : [ED_REVIEW] ED Review (04/25/08)



                                                         ED REVIEW
                                                              April 25, 2008

                           a bi-weekly update on U.S. Department of Education activities relevant to the
                               Intergovernmental and Corporate community and other stakeholders




                 NCLB UPDATE

                 On April 22, in Detroit, Michigan, Secretary Spellings proposed new regulations to clarify and
                 strengthen Title I of the No Child Left BehindAct. " I'm proposing new policy tools that will give
                 families lifelines and empower educators to create dramatic improvement ," she explained. "Many
                 are actions that have gained broad support through conversation on how to strengthen NCLB.
                 While I will continue working with legislators to renew this law, I also realize that students and
                 families and teachers and schools need help now. So, at the President 's request, I'm moving forward
                 to empower educators to take actions that families have been waiting for." The proposed
                 regulations focus on improved accountability and transparency , uniform and disaggregated
                 graduation rates, and improved implementation of public school choice and supplemental
                 educational services (SES).

                 Improved Accountability and Transparency

                     · Assessments and Multiple Measures . There is a misunderstanding that accountability
                       must be based on a single measure or form of assessment. The proposed regulation clarifies
                       states may use one test or several tests (e.g., reading and writing assessments to measure
                       reading/language arts) and may use one format or multiple formats (e.g., multiple choice,
                       extended response, etc.).
                     · Strengthening State Assessment and Accountability Systems. The proposed regulation
                       requires the Secretary to create a National Technical Advisory Council (NTAC). The council
                       will not review individual state plans but, instead, focus on technically complex issues that
                       affect a number of states.
                     · Minimum Subgroup Size and Including Students in Accountability. Currently, there



                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0015987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                               Page 2 of 6


                        are many students and subgroups of students excluded from Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP)
                        calculations. The proposed regulation requires states to explain how the minimum subgroup size (N-
                        size) and other components of their AYP definition (e.g., confidence intervals, performance indexes,
                        definitions of "full academic year," etc.) combine to supply statistically reliable information. States
                        would be required to ensure the maximum number of students are included in AYP calculations.
                        States would also be required to report the number and percentage of students excluded from AYP
                        calculations. The Department will work with the NTAC on guidelines by which states will be peer
                        reviewed.
                     · Including NAEP Data on Report Cards. The proposed regulation requires states and school
                        districts to report the most recent results from state National Assessment of Educational Progress
                        (NAEP) reading and math tests on the same public report card they use to report state assessments.
                     · Including Individual Student Growth in AYP. The proposed regulation sets the key criteria that
                        states must meet in order to receive authority (under a flexibility agreement) to incorporate individual
                        student academic progress in their definitions of AYP. The criteria closely adhere to those
                        established in the growth model pilot program.
                     · Identifying Schools for Improvement. The proposed regulation codifies current Department
                        policy that districts may identify schools and districts in need of improvement on the basis of not
                        meeting annual measurable objectives (AMOs) in the same subject over consecutive years. On the
                        other hand, districts may not limit identification to those schools that do not meet AMOs in the same
                        subject for the same subgroup over consecutive years.
                     · Restructuring. Preliminary analysis of Department data from 36 states indicates that only 18% of
                        schools that were identified for restructuring in 2004-05 or 2005-06 have exited restructuring status.
                        The proposed regulation requires: interventions implemented as part of a restructuring plan must be
                        more rigorous and comprehensive than those implemented as part of the earlier correction action
                        plan; districts must implement strategies that address the reasons a school is in restructuring; and,
                        when replacing school staff, districts may also replace the principal, although replacing the principal,
                        alone, would not be sufficient to constitute restructuring.



                 Uniform and Disaggregated Graduation Rates

                     · Uniform Definition. Today, states have latitude in determining how graduation rates are calculated.
                       To raise expectations and hold schools , districts, and states accountable, the proposed regulation
                       requires all states implement a cohort graduation rate, consistent with the definition agreed to by the
                       National Governors ' Association (NGA), by the 2012-13 school year. With limited exceptions, the
                       graduation rate would be defined as the number of students who graduate in four years with a regular
                       diploma divided by the number of students who entered four years earlier, adjusting for student
                       transfers. In the interim, states that do not yet have a system to accurately track transfers or four
                       years of data available will be required to use the Averaged Freshman Graduation Rate (AFGR).
                     · Establishing Goals . To make AYP, most states expect schools to make only a small amount of
                       improvement from one year to the next or meet very low graduation rate goals. The proposed
                       regulation requires states to (1) set a goal that represents the rate they expect all high schools to meet
                       and (2) define how schools and districts may demonstrate "continuous and substantial improvement."
                     · Disaggregating Data. Data shows large disparities in the graduation rates of subgroups. The
                       proposed regulation requires disaggregated graduation rates to be taken into account in AYP
                       calculations . No later than 2012-13 (when all states must use the cohort graduation rate), states would
                       be required to disaggregate the data by subgroup at the school , district, and state level for reporting
                       and calculating AYP. Prior to 2012-13, states would be required to disaggregate the data at all levels
                       for reporting, but disaggregated AYP calculations would be made only at the district and state level.




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0015988
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                                 Page 3 of 6


                  Improved Implementation of Public School Choice and SES

                     · School Choice Notification. In 2006-07, participation in public school choice was only 2.2% of
                        eligible students. Parents who are notified of their options well before the start of the school year are
                        more likely to enroll their child in a different school, yet only 29% of the districts that were required
                        to offer choice notified parents before the start of the school year. The proposed regulation clarifies
                        districts must alert parents about their option to transfer their child and their available schools choices
                        sufficiently in advance of -- but no later than 14 days before -- the start of the school year.
                     · SES Notification. In 2004-05, 94% of the districts that were required to offer SES reported sending
                        parents written notification materials regarding their options, yet, in a survey of eligible parents across
                        eight districts, only 53% said they had been notified. The proposed regulation requires notices
                        explain the benefits of receiving SES, be "clear and concise," and be distinguishable from other
                        information.
                     · Posting Information on the Web. The proposed regulation requires districts to prominently
                        display the following information on the district's web site: the number of students who were eligible
                         for and the number of students who participated in choice and SES; a list of schools that are available
                        to students eligible to participate in choice; and a list of SES providers approved by the state to serve
                        the district and the locations where services are offered
                     · State Monitoring of Districts ' Implementation of SES. States have always monitored districts,
                        but the proposed regulation requires states to develop, execute, and report on the standards and
                        techniques for how they monitor their districts' implementation of SES.
                     · Provider Approval Process. The proposed regulation clarifies that, to be approved as a provider, an
                        entity must provide the state with evidence that the instruction it would provide is aligned with the
                        states academic content and achievement standards and is "research-based." States would also be
                        required, at a minimum, to consider: information from the provider on whether it has been removed
                        from any states' approved list; parent recommendations or results from parental surveys, if any,
                        regarding the success of the provider's program in increasing student achievement; and any evaluation
                        results demonstrating that the instructional program has improved student achievement.
                     · State Monitoring of Provider Effectiveness. When monitoring the quality of an approved
                        provider, the proposed regulation specifies states must consider, at a minimum, evidence that the
                        provider's instructional program: is consistent with content and instruction used by the district and
                        the state; addresses students' individual needs as described in students' SES plans; has contributed to
                        increasing students' academic proficiency; and is aligned with the state's academic content and
                        achievement standards. As with provider approval, states would also be required to consider parent
                        recommendations, results from parental surveys, and other evaluation results demonstrating the
                        success of the provider's instructional program in improving student achievement, if any.
                     · Costs for Parent Outreach. The proposed regulation allows a district to count the costs of
                        providing parent outreach and assistance toward meeting the obligation of spending an amount equal
                        to 20% of the district's Title I, Part A funding on choice-related transportation and SES. The actual
                        amount that could be counted would be capped at 1% of that 20% obligation.
                     · Maximizing Funds for School Choice and SES. Currently, unspent choice and SES funds may be
                        reallocated for other purposes. Before reallocating any unused funds, the proposed regulation
                        requires districts to supply satisfactory evidence to the state that it has demonstrated success in:
                        partnering with community-based organizations to inform students and parents of choice and SES
                        options; ensuring students and their parents have had a genuine opportunity to participate (e.g., by
                        providing timely and accurate notices; ensuring that sign-up forms are widely available and accessible,
                        as well as have been distributed directly to eligible students and their parents; and allowing eligible
                        students to sign-up to receive SES throughout the school year); and ensuring that providers are given
                        access to school facilities on the same terms as other outside groups.




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP0I_0015989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                               Page 4 of 6



                 These proposed regulations were published in the Federal Register on April 23 (see
                 http://www.ed.gov/legislation/FedRegister/other/2008-2/042308a.html). Comments are due on or before
                 June 23. The Department will also hold four regional meetings to receive comments : on May 14, in Boston;
                 on May 15, in Dunwoody, GA; on May 19, in Kansas City, MO; and on May 22, in Seattle. The
                 Department expects to issue final regulations this fall. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                 hn://www.ed.rv/poliSy/-elsec /-re&/RLoiZosal/.



                 25 YEARS LATER

                 Tomorrow (April 26) is the 25th anniversary of the landmark report, A Nation at Risk. In recognition of
                 "this teachable moment," the Secretary issued a white paper describing "how far we've come, and how far
                 we need to go." Also, online, she is posing various questions related to the state of education in the U.S.
                 FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                 htq2://www.ed.g2v/rschstat/`researchlpubs/risk25.htrnl.



                 STUDENT LOAN ACCESS
                 Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives approved a bipartisan bill, H.R. 5715, aimed at ensuring
                 student loans remain available, despite the shaky credit market. The bill would:

                     · increase the annual loan limits on federal loans by $2,000 for all students and increase the aggregate
                        loan limits to $31,000 for dependent undergraduates and $57,500 for independent undergraduates;
                     · give parents more time to begin paying off their federal PLUS loans by providing them with the
                        option to defer repayment up to six months after their children leave school;
                     · make sure that short-term delinquencies in mortgage payments and medical bills do not prohibit
                        otherwise eligible parents from being able to borrow PLUS loans, by temporarily classifying as
                        "extenuating circumstances" delinquencies on home mortgages and medical bills of up to 180 days;
                     · affirm that existing law gives the Secretary of Education the authority to advance federal funds to
                        guaranty agencies, in the event that they do not have sufficient capital to originate new loans, and
                        allow guaranty agencies to implement the functions of "lender of last resort" on a school-wide
                        basis; and
                     · grant the Secretary the temporary authority to purchase loans from lenders in the federal guaranteed
                        loan program, to make sure lenders continue to have access to capital to originate new loans -- albeit
                        only if doing so would not result in a net cost for the federal government.



                 The Senate has not yet taken up its version of the bill . FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                 http1 /edlabor .house.gov /micro /loansact.shtmL

                 Note: In a recent Statement of Administration Policy
                 (http://www.whitehouse_gov/omb/legislative/sap/110-2/saphr5715-h.12df), the White House supports
                 most provisions of the House bill.



                 PARENT EXPECTATIONS AND PLANNING

                 On a related note, a new report from the Department's National Center for Education Statistics (NCES),



                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                            Page 5 of 6


                 "Parent Expectations and Planning for College," examines the educational expectations parents have for
                 their children and the higher education planning practices of families and schools. A sample of sixth-
                 through twelfth-graders were surveyed in early 2003. About nine out of 10 students (910/4) had parents who
                 expected them to continue their education beyond high school, while two-thirds (65%) had parents who
                 expected them to earn a bachelor's degree or higher. Among students whose parents expected them to
                 continue their education, 82% had parents who reported that the family was planning on helping to pay
                 their child's higher education costs. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                 http://nccs.cd.gov/12ubsearch/pubsinfo.asp?Rubid=2008079.



                 BEATING THE ODDS

                 "Beating the Odds," the Council of the Great City School's eighth annual analysis of state-mandated tests in
                 67 big city school districts in 37 states, reveals urban systems are continuing to improve in reading and
                 math. Indeed, 60% of students scored proficient or above in fourth-grade reading in 2007 (a gain of nine
                 percentage points from 2003), and 51% were proficient or above in eighth-grade reading (a gain of eight
                 percentage points from 2003). For math, 63% of students scored proficient or above in fourth-grade during
                 2007 (a gain of 14 percentage points from 2003), while 55% were proficient or above in eighth-grade (a gain
                 of 13 percentage points from 2003). Several urban districts (seven in reading and six in math) had both
                 fourth- and eighth-grade scores equal to or greater than their respective states, and the racial achievement
                 gap between urban systems and their respective states generally declined. FOR MORE INFORMATION,
                 PLEASE GO TO http://www.cgcs.org/publications/achievement.aspx.



                 WHITE HOUSE SUMMIT

                 On April 24, President Bush and Secretary Spellings hosted community leaders, educators , and policymakers
                 at a White House Summit on Inner-City Children and Faith-Based Schools. The summit underscored the
                 need to preserve educational alternatives for underserved students attending chronically under -performing
                 schools . Despite their successes , faith-based urban schools are disappearing at a high rate. From 2000 to
                 2006, almost 1,200 faith-based urban schools closed, displacing 425,000 students. FOR MORE,
                 INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http // www.whitehouse .gov/infocus /education /whschoolsummit/.



                 QUOTE TO NOTE

                 "Twenty-five years ago, in a landmark report, A Nation at Ruck, some of America's finest minds warned of
                 the consequences of inaction. They wrote,'If an unfriendly foreign power had attempted to impose on
                 America the mediocre educational performance that exists today, we might well have viewed it as an act of
                 war. As it happens, we have allowed this to happen to ourselves.' Yet, even today, a quarter of a century
                 later, many of the actions thatA Nation at Risk recommended in 1983 continue to be largely ignored.
                 Raising academic standards, making coursework more rigorous, and using classroom time more effectively.
                 These proposals were not unreasonable then, and they're not unreasonable now."

                 -- Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings (4/22/08), proposing new No Child Left Behind regulations

                 UPCOMING EVENTS

                 Registration for the Department's Teacher-to-Teacher summer workshops opens April 30. These


                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0015991
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  ED Review (04/25/08)                                                                                                 Page 6 of 6


                  workshops offer educators a free opportunity to participate in high-quality professional development. FOR
                  MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO httg:// www.t2tweb.us/Worksh2gs Schedule-asl2.
                                                                                                    /`-
                  May 5-9 is National Chatter Schools Week. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                  http: / /www.publiccharters.org/content/publication/detail/3936 /.

                  On May 15, in Memphis, the Department's Center for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives and Office of
                  Innovation and Improvement will conduct a regional summit to spotlight educational innovations. The
                  summit is free, but parties must register online in advance of the meeting. FOR MORE INFORMATION,
                  PLEASE GO TO http://www.ed.gov/about/inits/list/fbci/suppserv-workshot)s.html.

                  The next "Education News Parents Can Use" broadcast , on high-performing teachers , is scheduled for May
                  20 (8:00 p .m. ET). FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://www.ed.gov/ edty/-.

                  On the heels of the Masters golf tournament, students can nominate or urge their third - through fifth-grade
                  teachers to apply for the 2009 Phil Mickelson ExxonMobil Teachers Academy, an all-expenses paid camp
                  where teachers learn about math and science through fun activities . FOR MORE INFORMATION,
                  PLEASE GO TO http://www.sendmyteacher.com/.




                  Please feel free to contact the Office of Communications and Outreach with any questions:
                  Director, Intergovernmental Affairs -- Rogers Johnson, (202) 401-0026, mailto:Rogers.IohnsonQed.gov
                  Deputy Director -- Keith Brancato, (202) 401-6178, mailto:Keith.Brancatona,ed.g_ov
                  Program Analyst -- Adam Honeysett, (202) 401-3003, mailto:Adam.Honeysett(a),ed.gov
                  To be added or removed from distribution , or submit comments (we welcome your feedback!),
                  contact Adam Honeysett. Or, visit http ://www.ed.gov/news /newsletters/edreview/.

                 This newsletter contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These
                 links are provided for the user 's convenience. The U.S. Department of Education does not control or guarantee the accuracy,
                 relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information. Furthermore, the inclusion of links is not intended to reflect
                 their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed, or products or services offered, on these sites, or the
                 organizations sponsoring the sites.




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI_0015992
