Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From :     John Katz [jwkatz (ALASKADC.org]
                                              a
                 Sent:      Friday, April 11, 2008 6:02 AM
                 To:        Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:        Mike Nizich; Larry Persily
                 Subject: Larry Persily/DC Office - PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL


                Resume Attached - Sorry, I missed it.

                Larry Persily has indicated his intention to return permanently to Alaska sometime
                this summer. He is not enamored with the public policy process in DC, particularly
                what Congress does and doesn't do, and wants to involve himself directly in Alaska
                life.

                He asked me to emphasize that his decision is not related to the Palin
                administration or this office. Larry has been an invaluable member of the DC staff
                and is a good friend and colleague of everyone here.
                                               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                My current thought is
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                                                                             I
                Change is always difficult, but I respect the decision of the staffers leaving here to
                pursue their personal priorities. I believe that our new people are capable to doing
                the same excellent work as did their predecessors.

                I would appreciate any thoughts you might have on the course of action outlined
                here. I have copied Larry on this email so that he can add any comments of his
                own.


                Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
                jwkatzna.alaskadc.org. Thank you.




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0014905
