Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From :       John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent:        Friday, April 11, 2008 5:58 AM
                 To:      .   Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:          Mike Nizich; Larry Persily
                 Subject: Larry Persily/DC Office - PERSONAL & CONFIDENTIAL


                Larry Persily has indicated his intention to return permanently to Alaska sometime
                this summer. He is not enamored with the public policy process in DC, particularly
                what Congress does and doesn't do, and wants to involve himself directly in Alaska
                life.

                He asked me to emphasize that his decision is not related to the Palin
                administration or this office. Larry has been an invaluable member of the DC staff
                and is a good friend and colleague of everyone here.

                My current thought is Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
               Privileged or Personal Matj
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Change is always difficult, but I respect the decision of the staffers leaving here to
                pursue their personal priorities. I believe that our new people are capable to doing
                the same excellent work as did their predecessors.

                I would appreciate any thoughts you might have on the course of action outlined
                here. I have copied Larry on this email so that he can add any comments of his
                own.


               Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
               jwkatz,alaskadc .org. Thank you .




                8/26/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0014906
