Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, April 11, 2008 9:21 AM
             To:                      Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Bishop; Clark C
                                      (DOL)
             Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject:                 Re: Budget


            Margaret was awesome !!! She said if I saw you, to tell you "hi"!                      Oh man, tugging at a
            mama 's heartstrings!



            Let Leo know, especially, he needs to scour construction projects that the local
            industry/economy can't handle in one year. We don't want construction prices skyrocketing
            because there's too much work proposed and not enough Alaskan companies competitively
            bidding on all this crazy, crazy largess. I'll have Mike talk to Click about all this too,
            because it's obvious lawmakers haven't considered this in their piling-on and piling-in of
            too many projects, too much spending. I am shocked reading of all their additional adds
            this morning. They let it get out of control.

             Sent from my BlackBerry' device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>



            Date: Fri, 11 Apr 2008 08:47:23

            To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
            <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Perry,   Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: Budget




            For some reason, this email kicked back to me! KJR




            Governor - I am outlining a budget review plan that will include

            legislators, their staff, our OMB staff and state agencies. We will

            start as soon as possible .        You set the stage for this by meeting with

            ALL legislators on the supplemental bill which will help us!



            We will not know the timelines until the operating and capital budget

            bills are transmitted, but that doesn't prevent us from getting going on
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0014942
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             it.     There are also a number of bills that will pass in the next few

             days that agencies will have to weigh in on and make recommendations to

            you.



             I've been talking with Mike about my ideas and will put something down

            on paper for you consideration. KJR



            BTW - Margaret said you were terrific at the AASG meeting at the high

             school - they were really thrilled that you signed a bill down there

            also!     Thanks for doing that! Karen




            Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

            Office of Management      & Budget

            465-3568




            karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov

             -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Friday, April 11, 2008 7:28 AM

            To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J

             (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Subject: Budget




            Yikes- it's frightening reading all the adds in the budget! I tell ya-

            the public will not stand for all this. And the construction industry

            and economy will not be able to handle all this. Prices will escalate

            because no road construction companies, especially, will have to compete

            for any work. Scares me to think of all the Outside workers that will

            head up here to tackle an over-heated economy, thanks to all govt

            spending.




                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0014943
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             We need to hustle on strategy to allow us to sensibly and fairly

             consider all items in this bloated budget. The sooner the better. And

             we'll need more people than we had last time as we pare it down. Our

             commissioners need to start looking at items that affect their depts and

             tell us asap what is absolutely necessary and what can be cut. Thanks



             Also - what ' s the timeline for consideration of items , and deadline for

             vetoes?




             Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0014944
