Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                     Friday, April 11, 2008 9:25 AM
             To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                       Ivy personal; Frank Bailey; K Perry Yahoo
             Subject :                 Fw: Budget


             Pis give to Rosanne until I figure out why she's not able to receive my emails. We're
             going to have to strategize on messaging budget - it's a crazy situation but they're going
             to pass it knowing I'll have to be the bad guy and cut a bunch of their adds. They've been
             quite irresponsible the last couple of days with adding nearly a billion dollars in
             projects from where we started with our proposal. They know I'll veto, that's why they
             have nothing to lose by crushing the budget with even more projects. See below:

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date :   Fri, 11 Apr 2008 17:21:15

             To:"Karen Rehfeld" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>,"Mike Tibbles"
             <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Russ Kelly" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Click Bishop"
             <clark.bishop@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Kris Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Sean Parnell" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Re: Budget




             Margaret was awesome !!! She said if I saw you, to tell you "hi"!                  Oh man, tugging at a
             mama 's heartstrings!



             Let Leo know, especially, he needs to scour construction projects that the local
             industry/economy can't handle in one year. We don't want construction prices skyrocketing
             because there's too much work proposed and not enough Alaskan companies competitively
             bidding on all this crazy, crazy largess. I'll have Mike talk to Click about all this too,
             because it's obvious lawmakers haven't considered this in their piling-on and piling-in of
             too many projects, too much spending. I am shocked reading of all their additional adds
             this morning. They let it get out of control.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)" <karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov>



             Date :   Fri, 11 Apr 2008 08:47:23


                                                                      1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014939
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
             <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: Budget




             For some reason, this email kicked back to me! KJR




             Governor - I am outlining a budget review plan that will include

             legislators, their staff, our OMB staff and state agencies. We will

             start as soon as possible. You set the stage for this by meeting with

             ALL legislators on the supplemental bill which will help us!



             We will not know the timelines until the operating and capital budget

             bills are transmitted, but that doesn 't prevent us from getting going on

             it.     There are also a number of bills that will pass in the next few

             days that agencies will have to weigh in on and make recommendations to

             you.



             I've been talking with Mike about my ideas and will put something down

             on paper for you consideration. KJR



             BTW - Margaret said you were terrific at the AASG meeting at the high

             school - they were really thrilled that you signed a bill down there

             also!    Thanks for doing that! Karen




             Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

             Office of Management & Budget

             465-3568




             karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov

             -----Original Message -----

                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov . sarah@yahoo.com)

            Sent: Friday, April 11, 2008 7:28 AM

            To: Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV); Kelly , Russell T    ( GOV); Rehfeld , Karen J

             (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Subject: Budget




            Yikes- it's frightening reading all the adds in the budget ! I tell ya-

            the public will not stand for all this . And the construction industry

            and economy will not be able to handle all this . Prices will escalate

            because no road construction companies , especially , will have to compete

            for any work . Scares me to think of all the Outside workers that will

            head up here to tackle an over - heated economy , thanks to all govt

            spending.



            We need to hustle on strategy to allow us to sensibly and fairly

            consider all items in this bloated budget . The sooner the better. And

            we'll need more people than we had last time as we pare it down. Our

            commissioners need to start looking at items that affect their depts and

            tell us asap what is absolutely necessary and what can be cut . Thanks



            Also- what ' s the timeline for consideration of items , and deadline for

            vetoes?




            Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




                                                             3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014941
