Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, April 11, 2008 10:37 AM
             To:                      'lockhart@mtaonline.net'
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -       Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2008 5:21 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from:     Linda Lockhart

             address: HC 34 Box 2560 Wasilla AK 99654

                 907-892-8119




             MESSAGE:

             I understand you will be making an appearance at the re-dedication/open house at Curves in
             Big Lake on the 19th of April. Curves has had a dramatic impact on the women in this area
             and I am so glad to hear you are lending your support to this vital establishment.



             I also like to invite you to support the Mid-Valley Senior Center on the same Saturday.
             The center is about a mile from Curves, and on that day the North Root Big Lake Gardeners
             will be hosting our Spring Gardening Symposium there from 9am until 5:30 pm. We currenly
             have a sold-out event (with many on a "stand-by" list) with a wide range of speakers,
             lunch and a silent auction. All proceeds from this event will benefit the Mid-Valley
             Senior Center. Last year we raised $1800--and this year we expect to raise more than $3000
             for the center. I know you have a very full schedule, but we would love for you to join us
             any time for a brief appearance or come for lunch if possible.




             Thank you for your consideration

             (and doing a great job in Juneau)

             Linda Lockhart

             president, North Root Big Lake Gardeners

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014932
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             lockhart@mtaonline.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0014933
