Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From :     Cayce, Sunny C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SCCAYCE)
                Sent:      Saturday, April 12, 2008 2:26 PM
                To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: RE: A Special Message from Governor Palin


               Flooding yes, but the emphasis seemed to be on taxes. I'll check on it though. As a side note, this was also
               sent on Friday - to Beth Leschper - and I was just cc'd.

               Sunny


               From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Sent: Saturday, April 12, 2008 1:55 PM
               To: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)
               Subject: RE: A Special Message from Governor Palin

               I thought it was talking about flooding, does Nizich not do that?


                From : Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)
               Sent: Saturday, April 12, 2008 1:38 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: RE: A Special Message from Governor Palin

                Not sure why I'm getting this...

               Sunny


               From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Sent: Saturday, April 12, 2008 1:30 PM
               To: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)
               Subject: FW: A Special Message from Governor Palin




               From: RMeloonjr@aol.com [mailto:RMeloonjr@aol.com]
               Sent: Friday, April 11, 2008 5:50 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Re: A Special Message from Governor Palin

               Thank You!

               What happens is that folks out here get weary of Government That is a given. But when it is Government for
               Government, they get real weary. The little guy who really needs it in times of distress gets nothing, only
               comments like "private sector can fend for itself'. That doesn' t leave a real good impression on common hard
               working folks that pay their taxes and try to conform to all the rules, regulations and hassles that Govt imposes.
               Ralph Meioon
               Property owner Kenai River Soldotna




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0014987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2



                In a message dated 4/11/2008 10 : 41.36 A. M. Alaskan Daylight Time , governor@alaska . gov writes:
                  Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions , and/or information you
                  have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                  every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                  person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment



                  From: RMeloonjr@aol.com [mailto:RMeloonjr@aol.com]
                  Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2008 11:24 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Subject: Re: A Special Message from Governor Pal!n

                 Governor Palin,
                 The next time we have a major breakup on the Kenai River that damages everything on the river, it
                 would be much more appreciated it

                  Instead of flying down the Over in an expensive heli ride surveying the damage and filling the coffers of
                  local government to help them fix the public damage , and announcing that the private sector can suck
                  it up and eat hay, I suggest a little more compassion for us . We had thousands of dollars in damage
                  that you can' t buy insurance for even if you wanted to. We have no way to be reimbursed . Instead, we
                  get huge reappraisals of land values that increase our property taxes double.
                  It cost me alone over 25 , 000.00 to fix our situation and no help from anyone.

                 I don't think it is fair. The Govt has an unending supply of monies and can easily raise taxes and do so
                 I might add to fill any gaps . Then, as a senior citizen they take away half our exemption on property
                 taxes.
                 Our kids all went to Cook Inlet Academy and cost no one anything . We are now sending our grand
                 children there too as the public schools are filled with dope , sex, and bad things. But we still pay out
                 the nose for taxes.

                 I really think it is unfair to overtook the Kenai property owner and tell them they can fend for
                 themselves.

                  Even this year we had major damage again , though not as bad as last year.

                 You were really unfair and short sighted to give millions to local govt and short us the ones who really
                 needed it.

                 Sincerely
                 Ralph Meloon




                 Planning your summer road trip? Check out AOL Travel Guides.




                Its Tax Time! Get tips, forms and advice on AOL Money & Finance.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI 0014988
