Unknown

From:                    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov]
Sent:                    Tuesday, May 13, 2008 12:37 PM
To:                      Buck; Hannah K (GOV)
Cc:                      'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Mason; Janice L (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Benedict; Nichole M
                         (GOV); Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
Subject:                 Re: Galena Graduation Ceremony 05.16.08


Hannah,



Apologies for not reconnecting with you -- to keep you posted on my communications with the school.



In subsequent emails with Jay Jacobs and the school supt., Jim Smith, there was a new development
-- the failing health of Galena elder Sidney Huntington -- the founder of the school and a friend of Tod
Palin.



I let Tod know -- and he thought it would be an important time to go.



But as of yesterday all seats were booked on a return flight out of Galena -- so until this morning,
when seats on a charter opened up, there were no plans to attend.



We plan on touring facilities as well as the graduation, as part of this trip.



Again, apologies for not keeping you in the loop.

Rhonda



----- Original Message -----

From : Buck , Hannah K (GOV)

To: McBride , Rhonda (GOV)

Cc: fek9wnr@yahoo . com <fek9wnr@yahoo . com>; Mason , Janice L (GOV); Nizich , Michael A (GOV);
Benedict, Nichole M (GOV); Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV)

Sent: Tue May 13 11:35:32 2008
                                                       1                                 ROSTON 02445




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Subject: Galena Graduation Ceremony 05.16.08



Rhonda-




After talking with Erika and Nikki this morning, I understand that you and Mr. Palin have confirmed
that both of you are attending the graduation ceremony for the Galena Interior Learning Academy this
Friday, May 16th. I also understand that you have been contacting Mr. Jim Smith in these regards -
however, you previously regretted the request from Mr. Jay Jacobs to visit Galena. I want to make
sure that he has been informed that you both will be attending the ceremony. Also, will you and Mr.
Palin be touring/reviewing the facility and programs per Mr. Jacobs request or just attending the
ceremony?




Please let me know as soon as possible if you have contacted Mr. Jacobs and what your agenda will
include (and please 'Reply All' so that we are all kept in the loop).




Thank you.




Hannah Buck



Scheduling Assistant, Office of Governor Sarah Palin <http://gov.state .ak.us/>




                                                   2                              ROSTON 02446




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
(907) 465-3500 % hannah.buck@alaska.gov




                                                            ROSTON 02447
                                          3




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
