Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :   Sarah Palin (gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
                Sent:    Sunday , April 13 , 2008 1:10 PM
                To:      Campbell ; Craig (MVA)
                Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow ; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld ; Karen J
                         (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Legislature Adjourns (UNCLASSIFIED)

               You are an amazing Commissioner . You "get it" and have been so extremely helpful . Thank yot
               sincerely for working so hard, prioritizing wisely, and caring so much about your mission and out



               Thank you!
               Sarah

               --- On Sun, 4/13/08, Campbell, Craig AK TAG NGAK <craig. campbe112@us.army.mi1> wrote

                 From: Campbell, Craig AK TAG NGAK < craig.campbell2@us . army.mil>
                 Subject : Legislature Adjourns (UNCLASSIFIED)
                 To: gov. sarah@yahoo.com
                 Date : Sunday, April 13, 2008 , 1:05 PM

                 Classification :       UNCLASSIFIED

                 Caveats: NONE




                 Governor Palin:




                 Congratulations on a successful legislative session .                   From DMVA's

                 perspective , we accomplished our objectives .                No increased personnel and we

                 held the line on our budget .              Most importantly two of your legislative

                 priorities passed this year.




                 First , SB 214 passed both bodies and gives Alaska National Guard members in

                 good standing free hunting and fishing licenses .                  That was a direct response

                 to your meeting with our soldiers in Kuwait last year .                   Thank you.




                 Second ,    the Emergency Fire Fighting legislation which provides pay equality

                 for National Guard personnel placed on state active duty for fire fighting



                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015081
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



                passed both the House and the Senate. HB 326, the EFF bill, is on the way to

                 your office for signature.       This too was a Governor sponsored bill, so I want

                 to report that both of the pieces of legislation you requested for DMVA have

                 passed the legislature.       Thank you very much.




                 Let me know if there is anything I can do to support you between sessions. I

                 look forward to starting the budget development process for our State 2010

                 budget later this year. It is a distinct pleasure working for your

                 administration.




                 Craig




                 Classification :    UNCLASSIFIED

                 Caveats: NONE




                10/22/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0015082
