Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
           Sent :                   Sunday, April 13, 200811:46 AM
           To:                      McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
           Cc:                      kristine . perry@alaska . gov; Bailey ; Frank T (GOV); Jollie; Tara L (CED)
           Subject:                 Re: Racism on the Radio


           Disgusting . And I take it personally when I consider they're talking about my daughters.
           The House of Rep will be doing a letter or resolution ... We're trying to find a joint
           vehicle where our office chimes in too.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "McBride , Rhonda ( GOV)" <rhonda . mcbride@alaska.gov>



           Date: Thu, 10 Apr 2008 18:28:58

           To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Cc:kristine.perry@alaska.gov,"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)" <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>,"Jollie,
           Tara L (CED)" <tara.jollieealaska.gov>

           Subject: Racism on the Radio




           I'm forwarding you an email I received from Nancy Barnes , assistant to Senator Al Kookesh,
           as part of a mass e -mailing.



           The chain started with Michelle Davis , an Anchorage woman, who was outraged by DJ banter
           on KFBX 100 . 5, the Fox -- that was a dig at Alaska Native women.



           I think it' s something you should be aware of.



           Dear ADN;



            I am writing to tell you about an extraordinarily insulting comment that was said on Fox
           Radio, 100 . 5 this morning . As I was driving to work , I stopped channel surfing long
           enough to listen to some light banter between the morning hosts, Woody and Wilcox. They
           were testing callers to see what true crime incident actually happened in Florida. The
           talk turned to the weather and real Alaskans .   Then one DJ asked this question, on the
           air, "Have you made love to the Yukon River and peed in a Native woman? "    That is one of
           the ugliest things I have ever heard.



            The DJ was taking that old, insulting line about someone only being a real Alaskan if
                                                                      1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0015090
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           they'd peed in the Yukon River, made love to a Native woman, killed a bear etc, etc. When
           I grew up, the phrases used to describe Native women in that chestnut were as bad as the N
           word.  They used klootch, squaw, and so on. This DJ managed to take what was already
           degrading and insulting and make it infinitely worse.



            I have complained to the Station Manager, and also filed with the FCC. To me, this was
           hate speech, and the public should have an opportunity speak against it.    There is so
           much violence against Native women that goes unpunished. Let's try an experiment. I'd
           like you to say "Have you made love to the Yukon River and peed in a Native woman." Let
           the true ugliness brought up by those words be in your mind for a minute. Then, consider
           if someone said that about your sister, mother, wife or friend. Please, don't tolerate
           this and don't let it go by without being held up to the light.



            Regards,



            Michelle Davis



           Anchorage



           I'll spare you the full chain of subsequent e-mails.    But here's an excerpt from one of
           them. Estelle Thompson Hale, who's from the Bristol Bay region, writes:



           "This blatant, deliberate and unvarnished type of hatred against Native people has to
           stop. It's not just these particular DJ's either. This type of discrimination and racial
           hate perpetuation happens on other radio stations as well. If you ever listen to Dan
           Fagan , who has got his own show on AM 750 from 2 - 5pm, M -F, or "Don Megga" on 101 .3 KGOT,
           you know what I'm talking about. The degree of discrimination varies, but it is there
           nonetheless. The remarks tend to be about Natives being drunk, being lazy, or other
           misconceptions or generalizations about Native people."



          The Obama candidacy has triggered a national dialogue on race - - that' s having an impact
          here on the Alaska Native community.




          The "racial" issue is on people' s minds - as you were quick to pick up on -- at the Tom
          Stewart memorial... this sense , that as a state , we want to take the moral high ground - to
          show respect by incorporating Native culture in a redesign of the state seal.



          You and Todd are in the unique position to take leadership here. And seem to be doing so,
          by asking Alaskans to aspire to more, to be more inclusive.



          And while we're on the topic of inclusiveness....



          I've been emailing Julie Kitka at AFN, and she was very positive about your ANCSA CEO
          meeting.  She said "inclusion" is so important - and that so often, Native leaders are not

                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0015091
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             "included ," so your gesture meant a lot. Julie was very happy about the hospitality you
             and Todd extended to the CEO's.



             Just one more quick note .    I did leave a message with the FOX station ' s program director,
             known as "Crash ," requesting more information about what was actually said .    I'm hoping
             it's not true - that there ' s some misunderstanding.



             I have not heard back , but Representative Mary Nelson ' s office did hear from " Crash,"           who
             apologized for the banter.



             I hope this email gives you a feel for the general climate, when it comes to race issues
             in Alaska . No doubt about it. They ' re heating up.



             Thanks,



             Rhonda




                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_ 0015092
