Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Sunday, April 13, 2008 9:41 AM
            To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
            Subject:                 Wesley Loy

            Amen sista!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Hughes, Rosanne (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 13 Apr 2008 09:36:33

            To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah®yahoo.com>

            Subject: RE: Wesley Loy




            Well, actually, he did ask us last. night who wrote it and who was

            responsible for it and we did say that we did -- he just didn't report

            that. Among other things he didn't report. Joe Balash was just talking

            to me in my office and he told me that Wesley hangs out with and is good

            buddies with Miles Baker, a Stedman staffer.

            There are a lot of ironies here. The irony that we have never done this

            before -- it's the first time we tried it and we get blasted for it when

            previous administrations put things like this out day after day after

            day. (Looking at the dates on Murkowski's "Inside Track" alerts -- he

            literally put them out day after day -- not weekly, not monthly.)

           Another irony is that we're stuck having to deal with an unprofessional,

            ignorant reporter whose idea of political reportage is going to your

           political enemies and giving them a huge megaphone to hurl whatever

           false accusation or complaint or lie they want and he doesn't bother to

           get the other side of the story. I say "stuck having to deal with him"

           because he's with the Anchorage Daily News. But I'll tell you one thing

           we're not stuck with -- we don't have to give him the kind of access

           he's had to you. We have to talk to him, of course, but we don't have to
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0015098
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            give him these exclusive one-on-ones with you, that's for sure. I've

            only been on the job for a week -- which he reminded me last night, by

            the way -- but I'll tell you what. All I've seen this guy do since I've

           been here is write biased, one-sided, unfair and negative stories about

           you. I'm used to working with mean, nasty, ugly, unpleasant journalists

           before on Capitol Hill (esp. the New York Times), but at least I could

           respect them professionally. At least they were good journalists. This

           guy, sorry, I can't say that about him. He's on a witch hunt and it's

           like, "don't confuse me with the facts - I'm busy here."



           Rosanne Hughes

           Press Secretary and Communications Director

           465-3995



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Sunday, April 13, 2008 9:10 AM

           To: Hughes , Rosanne (GOV)

           Subject: Re: Wesley Loy



           A perplexing thing about all this is that (and I'm not laying blame,

           just noting the irony here) it was not my idea, I did not compile

           addresses , nor compose (or even see the email until yesterday), yet I've

           had to answer to it repeatedly over the past couple of days without

           anyone noting that someone had to have orchestated, initiated and

           accomplished the email send . I know the buck stops with me, but that's a

           significant " miss " in all this, that no one stood up and offered to set

           Wesley straight by letting him know it was their idea and their doing

           and we 're unapologetic because whomever did this (Mike?) didn't do

           anything wrong. I sure would have felt more confident about the coverage

           of this if someone had merely stood up and claimed ownership.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Rosanne Hughes

                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_ 0015099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Sent : Apr 13 ,   2008 9:03 AM

            Subject : Wesley Loy



           He did write a story on how our political enemies thought we had done

            something wrong, but all 15 comments were on our side, I'm pretty sure.

           Will re-read them , but don't remember seeing even one against us.



            Rosanne Hughes

            Press Secretary and Communications Director

            465-3995




            Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




                                                           3
