Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, April 14, 2008 10:02 AM
           To:                      'rolandocondry646@msn.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, April 13, 2008 8:15 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Military_and Veterans Affairs



           Web mail from: Mr. rolando condry

           address : 2196 wabash ave unit 12 eielson afb AK 99702

            580-695-7681



           MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,



           I am an military man with injuries sustained in an car accident durig work hours in an
           government vehicle.

          I have long since faught for tricare benefits and I am now facing a lot of other obstacles
          along the way . I want to find out about how do I keep my Va benefits and get medical
          discharged from the military.



          Also, I want to speak to you about the betterment of Va benefits as an whole. I believe
          that veterns in the military, as well as retired should not have to fight for benefits
          they rightfully should get specially medical benefits in percentages.I know that is
          proably out of my league but its worth a shot. I am all about the treatment of others that
          serve in the military and have been discharged with injuries just like I will be soon
          enough.



                                   Very respectfully,

                                     Airmen Condry
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015148
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           rolandocondry646 @msn.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0015149
