Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


               Unknown
               From :    BPGAlaska@aol.com
               Sent:     Monday , April 14, 2008 4:45 PM
               To:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); spalin @mtaonline . net; Colberg ; Talis J (LAW)
               Subject: Wal Mart, Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership

                                                                u
                                                                x    Picture ( Metafile)



                                                         FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                                         April 14, 2008
                                                         No. 7

                 WAL-MART AND MAYORS AGAINST ILLEGAL GUNS ANNOUNCE " RESPONSIBLE FIREARMS
                             RETAILER PARTNERSHIP ": A 10-POINT VOLUNTARY CODE

                          The Voluntary Code - A Set of Retail Best Practices - Goes Beyond What is Required by Law

                      Wal-Mart and the bi-partisan coalition of Mayors Against Illegal Guns today announced that Wal -Mart, the
                largest seller of firearms in the nation , has adopted the new Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership , a 10-point
                code that will help ensure that guns do not fall into the wrong hands . The Responsible Firearms Retailer
                Partnership, created by Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Wal-Mart, is a set of policies that will be implemented
                over time that includes video recording of sales , rigid controls on inventory , checks that gun purchasers are not
                misrepresenting themselves and the development of a first -of-its kind computerized crime gun trace log for
                retailers. The new crime gun trace log will flag purchases by customers who have previously bought guns later
                recovered in crimes . Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Wal-Mart developed the code to curb some of the most
                common ways guns end up in the hands of criminals . Wal-Mart will implement the 10-point code at its stores
                where firearms are sold. The announcement was made at the Mayors Against Illegal Guns National Summit,
                where representatives from 60 cities gathered to discuss ways to keep guns out of the hands of criminals , held at
                the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington, D.C.

                      "We know the ways that guns can end up being used in crimes . Now a responsible and innovative company
                has stood up with our over- 300 member coalition of mayors to strengthen their sales practices to keep guns out of
                the hands of criminals ," said New York City Mayor and coalition co-chair Michael R. Bloomberg . "I've always
                believed in leading by example, and Wal-Mart has again demonstrated why it 's a great American company. The
                Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership makes good sense - it will have no impact on a well -intentioned and
                law-abiding gun buyer - but will help keep Americans safer."

                "Wal-Mart currently uses a strong point of sale system that allows us to serve the many hunters and outdoorsmen
                who've made us their retailer of choice, while also ensuring the responsible sale of firearms ," said JP Suarez,
                senior vice president and chief compliance officer, Wal-Mart . "This code is a way for us to fine tune the things
                we're already doing and further strengthen our standards . We hope other retailers will join us in adopting the
                code."


                "Partnerships like this one emphasize our mission to keep illegal guns off our streets , and reinforces that we are
                not cracking down on legal gun owners and the Second Amendment," said Boston Mayor and coalition co-chair
                Thomas M. Menino. "This is about public safety and I want to thank Wal-Mart for taking responsibility and being
                a leader in this area . This code of contact will have no impact on the rights of responsible gun owners , but will
                help mayors and our law enforcement stop the proliferation of illegal guns."


                The Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership is designed to strengthen the points in the gun purchasing system
                that criminals have exploited in the past. According to the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and
                Explosives (ATF), 46 % of its criminal gun trafficking investigations involved straw purchasers , where someone
                who is not legally allowed to purchase a firearm does so through the use of a proxy, known as a straw buyer.



                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0015131
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3


                Examples of the provisions in the Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership intended to deter and stop illegal purchasers
                are videotaped sales, increased monitoring of fake IDs, the crime gun trace log, and increased training for employees to
                spot illegal purchases. Additionally, the inventory controls and increased physical security for firearms in the Responsible
                Firearms Retailer Partnership are intended to stem lost and stolen guns, which ATF reports often make their way into the
                illegal market.

                     The 10 points of the Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership are:

                               1. Videotaping the Point of Sale for All Firearms Transactions . Participating retailers will videotape the
                               point-of-sale of all firearms transactions and maintain videos for 6 months to deter illegal purchases and
                               monitor employees.

                               2. Computerized Crime Gun Trace Log and Alert System. Mayors Against Illegal Guns will develop a
                               computerized system that participating retailers will implement over time to log crime gun traces relating to
                               the retailer. Once the program is in place, if a customer who has a prior trace at that retailer attempts to
                               purchase a firearm, the sale will be electronically flagged. The retailer would have discretion to proceed
                               with the sale or stop the sale.

                               3. Purchaser Declaration . For sales flagged by the trace alert system, participating retailers will ask
                               purchasers to fill out a declaration indicating that they meet the legal requirement to purchase the firearm.

                               4. Deterring Fake IDs. Participating retailers will only accept valid federal- or state-issued picture IDs as
                               primary identification. Retailers will utilize additional ID checking mechanisms.

                              5. Consistent Visible Signage Consistent Visible Signage . Participating retailers will post signage created
                              by the Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership to alert customers of their legal responsibilities at the
                              point-of-sale.

                              6. Employee Background Checks Employee Background Checks. Participating retailers will conduct
                              criminal background checks for all employees selling or handling firearms.

                              7. Employee Responsibility Training. Participating retailers will participate in an employee responsibility
                              training program focused on deterring illegal purchasers. The Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership
                              will create an online training system based on Wal-Mart's training program.

                              8. Inventory Checking. Participating retailers will conduct daily and quarterly audits. Guidelines will be
                              based on Wal-Mart's existing audit procedures.

                              9. No Sales Without Background Check Results. Participating retailers would prohibit sales based on
                              "default proceeds," which are permitted by law when the background check has not returned a result within
                              3 days.

                              10. Securing Firearms. Participating retailers will maintain firearms kept in customer accessible areas in
                              locked cases or locked to racks.

                                                   Participating retailers will phase in the provisions of

                                                  Responsible Firearms Retailer Partnership over time.

               A new national poll conducted jointly by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research and The Tarrance Group and released last
               week found that Americans overwhelmingly support measures like those included in the Responsible Firearms Retailer
               Partnership. For example, 91 percent of Americans favor requiring gun stores to do background checks on
               employees. According to the poll, 93 percent of gun owners said being video taped in a store while purchasing firearms
               would make no difference to them or would make them more likely to purchase a firearm from that retailer.




               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0015132
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 3



                                                                 u
                                                                 x   Picture ( Metafile)


                For more information about Mayors Against Illegal Guns, visit: www.mayorsagainstillegalguns.org. For more information
                about Wal-Mart, visit: www.walmartstores.com

                                                                         -30-

                ------------------------------
                Bickford Pacific Group
                Government Affairs Consulting
                308 G St. #317
                Anchorage, Alaska 99501
                907-563-5882/907-632-1268(cell)
                Fax - 907-561-1947
                bpgalaska@aol.com
                Pocket PC: bickford©acsalaska.net
                web site: bickfordpacificgroup.com

                Legislative Session Address(January thru May. All mail continues to be sent to Anchorage address unless
                otherwise instructed)
                321 Seward St.
                Juneau, Alaska 99801
                907-632-1268




                Its Tax Timel Get tips, forms and advice on AOL Money & Finance.




               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0015133
