Unknown

From:                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
Sent :                  Tuesday, May 13, 2008 6:29 PM
To:                     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
Subject :               FW: Congrats and Bdgt.


 thought I should forward this one to you as they mention speaking directly with the Governor. This
has also gone to Budget which then they will address the Budget Portion. Thanks, Janice



-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:56 AM

To: Spencer, Kari L (GOV)

Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

Subject: FW: Budget




-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 6:56 AM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Budget



Web mail from: Mr. Taylor Nerland

address: 13106 Beach Cir Anchorage AK 99515

(907) 334-9010



MESSAGE:
                                                  1                              ROSTON 02458




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Governor Palin,



First off let me say congratulations on the new baby boy. I have a brother-in-law with up syndrome
and he is without a doubt the happiest person to be around. His smile is contagious and its amazing
how one person can light up everyone's lives. He is a blessing to our family, as I am sure your baby
boy will be to yours. I don't know if you remember, but we were introduced at the high school
basketball championships. We were talking about how you were pregnant at the same time as my
wife, were being the key word. We had our baby boy on April 3rd, 8lbs 13 oz. Here is a link to our
photo show...

http://www.photoshow.com/watch/HS9pG2Kv

That brings me to my main point in emailing; my dad and I are both very involved with athletics both
at the youth and college-level. There are two items in this year's budget that I am asking for your
support with, the 1.8 million for the alliance for American legion baseball, and the 15 million for the
new sports complex at UAA. My dad and I are only 2 of the hundreds of volunteers that help run the
American legion baseball programs around the state. Our Alliance for ALB has requested and the
legislature has approved a $1.8m grant to Am Legion. The monies will be used to build a new
artificial multi use field at the SA sports complex. It will sit next to the existing field.

If approved there could be a field built and ready for play sometime in fall of 2009. Our request in
the capital budget in 2007 was line item vetoed along with many other sports projects around the
State. That is why I am asking for your help. The monies will not only benefit Anchorage teams,
other fields in the State that ALB is involved in maintaining will also be improved, including a new
fence and scoreboard, at the Wasilla McManus Field, new weather proof dugouts in Fairbanks,
ballpark improvements in Kenai, and work at Oberg Field in Peters Creek.

The MOA will still own the new field. American Legion will have a lot of use, but soccer, football, flag
football and other sports could also use the field from April thru October. This would benefit 1000's
of students every year. Another project that would benefit 1000's if not 10,000's of students every
year, would be the new sports arena at UAA. This arena would not only help the basketball, or the
volleyball teams, it would help the University of Alaska as a whole. By having a world-class facility,
the university would be able to keep even more students from leaving the state to get their education.
Both of these projects have the support of key legislators in both political parties, the regents, and the
daily news. So I am urging you to not line item veto these important projects. Thank you for your
time.




Nerland-Taylor@asdkl 2.org




                                                     2                               ROSTON 02459




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                                             ROSTON 02460
                                     3




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
