Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 15, 2008 5:19 PM
            To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
            Cc:                      Frank Bailey; Ivy personal; Todd
            Subject:                 Re: radio station letter


            Fagan calls us, running the state, "crack whores", plus other sexist and derogatory
            terms... perhaps he needs to be called out on the things he says on his show also...
            amazing he gets away with it.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 15 Apr 2008 15:56:23

            To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.saraheyahoo.com>,"Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)"
            <rosanne.hughesealaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: radio station letter




           Rosanne, Sharon, Tara, Rhonda and I all met today. They're working through some ideas
           now...and everyone agreed that we'd focus on the positive aspects. By the way, Woody &
           Wilcox have now been suspended. Article posted below:



           By JULIA O'MALLEY

           jomalleyeadn.com



            (04/15/08 15:04:53)



           Woody and Wilcox, morning radio personalities on KBFX "The Fox," were suspended today for
           a comment made on their show last Wednsday that disparaged Alaska Native women.



           The station would not release the text of the comment but said it was a turn on an old
           axiom about what makes someone an Alaskan. The axiom says that in order to be a real
           Alaskan, someone has to kill a bear, pee in the Yukon and have sex with a Native woman.



           One of the DJs -- the station won't say which -- switched the saying around and made it
           even more objectionable to at least one woman who heard it and filed a Federal
           Communications Commission complaint.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_ 0015168
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The comment , and listeners ' angry reactions , hit a nerve inside and outside the Native
           community, including calls for a boycott from advertisers.



           The station, which previously apologized for the comment , posted the following statement
           on its web site this afternoon:



           "KBFX wishes to apologize to everyone in our audience and the community who was offended
           by the insensitive and inappropriate comments alluding to native women made during the
           Woody and Wilcox program broadcast on April 9, 2008 . As KBFX does not condone racially
           offensive content in any form, the station has decided to suspend both radio hosts for an
           indefinite period of time during which they will both participate in sensitivity training.
           That training will also be made available to all other staff members . Woody and Wilcox's
           compensation for the period of time they are suspended will be donated to an appropriate
           charity. We are confident that what was said was an isolated incident, and it in no way
           reflects the views of KBFX station personnel."




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Tuesday, April 15,         2008 3:46 PM

           To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Re: radio station letter



           True      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          Priviled

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From : " Hughes , Rosanne D ( GOV)" <rosanne . hughes@alaska.gov>



          Date :     Tue, 15 Apr 2008 11:47:16

           To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject :     Fw: radio station letter




                                                                   2




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0015169
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Governor,

            Sunny drafted this letter for you regarding the derogatory comments made on the Woody and
           Wilcox show. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          Privile ed or Per


            ----- Original message -----

            From :   Hughes ,   Rosanne D (GOV)

            To: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

            Sent : Tue Apr 15 11:01: 03 2008

            Subject : Re: radio station letter



            Thanks, Sunny. Will look into it.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

            To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

            Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Apr 15 10:47:19 2008

            Subject: radio station letter



            Hi Rosanne,




            Here's my shot at the letter we talked about yesterday .       Can you run this by the Governor
           and see if she still wants to send it out?




                                                                              Privileged or Persono




                                                          3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0015170
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                                  Privileged or




                                                              4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                          Privileged or Perso,




            Thanks.




            Sunny Cayce



            Executive Assistant to the



            Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff



            Office of the Governor



            465-3985




                                                         5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0015172
