Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of I


               Unknown
                From :   Alaska Longline Fishermen 's Association [alfa.staff@gmail.com]
                Sent:    Tuesday, April 15, 2008 9:16 AM
                To:       Patin; Sarah H (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV)
                Subject : Funding for SJ Hatchery and the Sitka Sound Science Center
               Hello Governor Palin,

               I am writing to urge you to support inclusion of funding for the Sheldon Jackson Hatchery and
               the Sitka Sound Science Center in the state operating budget. I believe this item is referenced as
               follows: Alaska State Capitol budget bill SB221 page 19, funding to to support the Sitka Sound
               Science Center to manage the Sheldon Jackson Hatchery.

               I know that Dr. Keith Cox and others have been working hard to secure long term funding to
               support the hatchery and also establish the Sitka Sound Science Center. I am a marine biologist
               having spent nearly 25 years working for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game. I am now
               retired from the State and working as a fisheries consultant for myself dba Coastal Marine
               Research. I have long felt that Sitka should have a world class marine research facility here - we
               are the gateway to the Gulf of Alaska and Sitka Sound is a unique and critical marine habitat.
               Additionally the maintenance of the hatchery and the Science Center will help inform locals and
               tourists alike as to the rich bounty of Alaska's marine environment by providing a hands on
               experience with marine life and a salmon hatchery.

               I know there are many pieces to the budget and it is a juggling act to find the correct balance.
               However, this is a small amount of money that will provide large positive impacts for the city of
               Sitka and the State. I hope you will agree and leave this item in the budget.

               Thank you for consideration of this request.

               Sincerely,

               Victoria (Tory) O'Connell
               Coastal Marine Research




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0015210
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                                   Page 1 of 12


               Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Tuesday, April 15, 2008 9:24 AM
                To:       Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Property Tax Exemption




               From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Monday, April 14, 2008 2:06 PM
               To: 'Craig Duncan'; fames@roughrldersak.org
               Cc: 'Sara Chambers'; 'Merrill Sanford'; Rod_Swope@ci.juneau.ak.us; 'Robin Potter'; Palin, Sarah H (GOV);
               marcos@roughridersak.org; jbradley@roughridersak.org
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig,

               Not trying to bug you (too much) but I was wondering if you had a chance last week to look into the State
               Laws as they relate to the tax issue I outlined for you?


                Exi




               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www. noh vcc. orrr


              From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
              Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 1:59 PM
              To: james@roughridersak.org
              Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; Robin Potter; sarah. palin@alaska.gov;
              marcos@roughridersak.org; jbradley@roughridersak.org
              Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

              James,
              Sorry for the confusion. You are correct I left out the word " not". It makes a little bit of a difference.

              Regarding the section of the state law you referenced, most of our property tax levy is for education.        We


               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0015211
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                               Page 2 of 12


               are required to contribute 4 mills of the full and true value , but we also contribute up to the amount allowed by State
               law. My reference to 4 mills was in a different context. Our total levy is just over 10 mills and approximately 8 mills
               is for education.

               Right now I am swamped with the budget . I will spend sometime early next week reviewing the State laws to see if
               I think there is any flex that would allow for an exemption.
               Craig


               From: James Tipps [mailto :fames@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 12:19 PM
               To: Craig Duncan
               Cc: Sara Chambers ; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; Robin Potter; sarah .palin@alaska.gov;
               marcos@roughridersak.org; jbradley@roughridersak.org
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig,

               Did you mean to say you CAN'T advise on the ANCSA?

               Let me give you the rundown on where we are at with Goldbelt, and how we got there...

               BEFORE the push to close Echo Cove , Rough Riders AK, Inc . approached city, state and federal agencies to try to
               find a solution to the overcrowding at Echo Cove and the resource damage caused by over use. We asked for a
               dedicated access point, signage and permission to do trail maintenance . After about a year, Docks & Harbors
               "Found" an old ordinance , in effect since the 70's but NEVER enforced or even known of by CBJ officials. At this
               point we approached Goldbelt, Inc about using their land " Legally". We received an Adamant NO! We countered
               with options for user fees , area maintenance , Landowner Liability insurance , etc... Still No.

               Several months later we received a call from Bob Martin at Goldbelt Now there was some interest in a possible
               agreement. The requirements were as follows:



                   · Rough Riders AK, Inc. will provide Landowner Liability Insurance that would cover all users of the land -We
                     can do this but to be covered the person MUST be a member of the Club.
                   · Rough Riders AK, Inc. will provide ALL enforcement on site
                   · Goldbelt will require a user fee of some sort. The actual fee, or method is yet to be determined , but some
                     sort of permit was discussed.
                         o This fee will cause the land to revert to Taxable Status for the duration of permit or lease , based on
                            ANCSA. Goldbelt, Inc is aware of this. Rough Riders AK , Inc. MUST ensure that Goldbelt, Inc not
                             incur ANY tax liability. The Attorney for Goldbelt stated that an exemption from CBJ was the only
                            option they could see that would work for them . An option would be for Rough Riders AK, Inc. to
                            agree to pay any Tax liability as a result of our use but the property taxes on such a large parcel
                            would be far more than we could cover.

               I have been pouring over State Tax Law and found the following:


               (m) A municipality may by ordinance partially or totally exempt all or some types of economic
               development property from taxation for up to five years. The municipality may provide for renewal of the
               exemption under conditions established in the ordinance. However, under a renewal. a municipality that
               is a school district may only exenwt all or a portion of the amount of taxes that exceeds the amount
               levied on other property for the school district. A municipality may by ordinance permit deferral of
               payment of taxes on all or some types of economic development propertyfor up to five years. The
               municipality may provide for renewal of the deferral under conditions established in the ordinance. A
               municipality may adopt an ordinance under this subsection only if, before it is adopted copies of the


               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0015212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                             Page 3 of 12


               proposed ordinance made available at a public hearing on it contain written notice that the ordinance, if
               adopted, may be repealed by the voters through referendum. An ordinance adopted under this subsection
               must include specific eligibility requirements and require a written application for each exemption or
               deferral. In this subsection "economic development property" means real or personal property, including
               developed property conveyed under 43 US C. 1601 et seq. (Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act), that

                    (1) has not previously been taxed as real or personal property by the municipality;

               Does the highlighted sentence refer to the 4% you were talking about? If not, is this something we can qualify
               under? My understanding from reading this, which could very well be wrong, is that the limit on the exemption is
               only on a RENEWAL. Would this allow for an initial 5 year period? I am clueless when it comes to tax issues.

               Really what it comes down to is this... Goldbelt is willing to allow this use if they can make money, have no tax or
               injury liabilities, and have to put ABSOLUTELY NO EFFORT into the process.

               Let me know if you have any ideas, or if you know of someone I should talk to.




               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www. noh vcc. or^r


               From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 4:56 PM
               To: james@roughridersak.org
               Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah . palin@alaska.gov
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               James,
               I can really advise you on ANCSA. What were you planning as an arrangement with Goldbelt . Sounds like you
               were going to enter into a lease . I can understand from Goldbelt that they would not want to assume the liability.
               Maybe you can work some arrangement with Goldbelt to use the property without entering in to any lessee
               positions . However, I realize that it is a lot of work to build the trails and you may not want such uncertainty.

               Again, I would be happy to give some thought to any ideas you may have.
               Craig




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0015213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                           Page 4 of 12


               From : James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 3:56 PM
               To: Craig Duncan
               Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig,

               Thanks for the input.

               Things are not looking good for OHV users in the Juneau area . It seems like the more we try, the more we lose! I
               know there were issues at Echo Cove but the push for enforcement of a ordinance that hadn 't been enforced in 35
               years came after we, Rough Riders AK, Inc., approached CBJ & State offices to attempt to make the area safer for
               all.

               It has me afraid to ask questions!

               Who is the regulating body for the ANCSA, or who would I contact for more information?

               Any input you can provide would be appreciated.

                u
                X




               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www.nohvcc.ora


              From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
              Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 3:42 PM
              To: james@roughridersak.org
              Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
              Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

              James,
              I understand you concerns . However, in Alaska a local government 's ability to tax (or in this case not to tax) is
              governed by the State. The State's interest is in getting their share . Under the State's funding formula for
              education local governments are required to contribute 4% of all property they could tax . The State then withholds
              the equivalent of the 4 % in State support to the school districts. If we optionally exempt property , we are still
              required to contribute the 4%. This means we go backwards by 4 mills when we provide optional exemptions.



               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0015214
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                               Page 5 of 12


                In this case, you have an unusual situation of dealing with ANCSA where the business purpose is a nominal
                amount. The taxation of the property stays with owner unless the owner is exempt. If the owner is exempt then
                the taxation of the property falls to a lessee if that lessee is determined to be taxable. We can likely deal with the
                taxable status of the OHV group. This could be a community purpose exemption if you have a 501(c) (3) or (4)
                designation. However, the taxable status to the owner creates a problem that likely has no tax relief solution. The
                real tax issue in this case is to somehow be allowed to use the property without jeopardizing the ANCSA required
                exemption or being able to provide Goldbelt with an optional exemption or transferring the property to an exempt
                organization.

                On your question about lessening the burden , it is not as simple as stated . If the property is assessable, then it
                must be assessed at full value unless it is personal property that can be flat taxed ( note an airplane is personal
                property) or optionally exempted and the mill levy must be consistent across the area levied . Mr. Van Sant's
                comment may refer to flat taxing aircraft or reducing the mill levy within the area . Both of which do not help the
                OHV Park situation.

                If you have any thoughts on this , I would be happy to discuss them with you. I have both a dirt bike and 4 wheeler
                and having a place to ride would be great.
                Craig




                From : James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
                Sent~ Monday, March 31, 2008 2:54 PM
                To: Craig Duncan ; Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford ; Rod Swope; sarah .palin@alaska.gov
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               After more research it turns out that the exemption made by the Assembly for Executive Flight was illegal. I have
               attached the responses from the State as well as CBJ law dept.

               Page 2, Paragraph one of the State Assessor memo states that "There are alternatives available to the Assembly
               to lessen the taxation burden ..." Can anyone tell me what these are and how much the potential" Lessening" of the
               tax burden would/could be?

               This is an issue that CBJ has shown support for, and it seems there should be a way to remedy the tax issue. So I
               guess my question is , how much support does the OHV community have from the CBJ ? The North Douglas OHV
               Park has turned into a situation that is destined to fail . Even if the permits are approved by the Planning
               Commission (which I highly doubt), the opponents have made it clear that they will continue to do EVERYTHING in
               their power to get it closed down.

               This opportunity with Goldbelt would essentially solve the OHV problem in Juneau. I find it hard to believe that
               there are no options to remove the tax burden.

               Rough Riders AK , Inc. cannot afford to pay the property taxes that Goldbelt would incur from our use of the
               property. This would provide both a short , and long term solution . As it is, where is the OHV community
               supposed to recreate this summer?

               So, two years later, I am asking the same question ... Is there anything that anyone can do , or is willing to do, to
               help find a short term solution to the Juneau OHV issue?




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0015215
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                          Page 6 of 12



                 n




               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www.nohvcc. oro


               from: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 2:05 PM
               To: james@roughridersak.org
               Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; Robin Potter
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               James,
               The Assembly can only grant exemptions within the structure of the State Statutes . To be exempt you/we would
               need to find a category within the State Statutes that would qualify the property for optional exemption purposes.
               State real property assessments breakdown into 3 categories; taxable, optionally exempt (29.45. 050) and required
               to be exempt . If the property becomes taxable to Goldbelt , then it would be Goldbelt that would need to meet one
               of the State's optional exemptions.
               Craig Duncan

               From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:37 PM
               To: Craig Duncan
               Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig,

               Just to clarify...

              Based on the ANCSA, Goldbeft will no longer be exempt on the land if we lease it. Once we are no longer using
              the land it will revert back to non taxed status . They understand and accept this. The issue is what can be done
              by CBJ to exempt the land used from taxes during the lease period . The Assembly has, in the past, granted
              exemption in a similar situation.




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015216
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                  Page 7 of 12



                L




               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www.nohvcc. oru


              From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
              Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:12 PM
              To: Robin Potter
              Cc: Martha Torres; Rod Swope; Jane Sebens; Barbara Ritchie; fames@roughridersak.org
              Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

              Ok, thanks.


              From: Robin Potter
              Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:02 PM
              To: Craig Duncan
              Cc: Martha Torres; Rod Swope; Jane Sebens; Barbara Ritchie; 'fames@roughridersak.org'
              Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

              Craig,

              I have had several conversations and email exchanges with Mr . Tripp in this regard over
              the past month . I forwarded his questions to the Law Dept , and have spoken with both
              Barbara Ritchie and Jane Sebens on several occasions in regard to this matter. Jane
              researched the legalities of the situation , contacted both myself and Mr . Tripp directly
              last week, then followed up with me on the situation afterward . My understanding of the
              situation is;

              Roughriders AK Inc. has a 501(c) 3 status with the IRS, but the community purpose
              exemption application will only apply to property that they own, not lease.

              Goldbelt offered to allow Roughriders AK Inc. land to use for the OHV park, on the

               10/22/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0015217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                            Page 8 of 12


               condition that it not cost Goldbelt any time, money or effort on their part and it not
               change their exemption status. ANSCA regulations specifically state the exemption is lost
               on any property that is leased to another entity on that portion that is involved, so
               Goldbelt would become taxable . Roughriders is requesting approximately 400 acres to
               my understanding . Jane explained to Mr . Tripp that the options could be , if Roughrider
               would pay the taxes on the property-that Goldbelt would lose their exemption on, then
               it is possible Goldbelt would be amenable to the proposition.

               Possessory interest would apply to a private entity such as Roughriders AK Inc, leasing
               publicly owned land, however the tax liability is attributable to the private entity.




               Robin
               Robin Potter
               Assessor
               Finance Department
               City and Borough of Juneau
               Tel: 907. 586.0330
               Email: Robin Potter@ci . juneau.ak.us
               Web Page : http://www .iuneau . org/finance

               "If you hear that someone is speaking ill of you , instead of trying to defend yourself you
               should say: "He obviously does not know me very well, since there are so many other
               faults he could have . mentioned "" - Epictetus




              From: Craig Duncan
              Sent, Monday, March 31, 2008 10:51 AM
              To: Robin Potter
              Cc: Martha Torres
               Subject: FW: Property Tax Exemption

               Robin,
               Below is a request from Assembly member Chambers. If I missed anything, would you make sure the correct
               information gets on to Mr. Tripp. I did respond to Ms. Chambers and Mr. Tripp with the following -

              Sara,
              The Assessor' s Office makes determinations on property exemptions . State Statutes govern what is taxable or
              exempt Under the statutes, I can see a couple of potential taxation exemption possibilities . First, to have a
              possessory interest in the property for taxation purposes, the lessee must have certain rights to the property for a
              specific time. The fewer rights and the shorter the period , the smaller the assessed value . We also have a
              Community Purpose exemption available if the use of the property meets certain restrictions . An exemption can be
              granted if the organization leasing the property has an IRS designation of 501 (c) (3) or (4) and the property is open



               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0015218
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                              Page 9 of 12


                to the public for community purposes without material fees or individual access restrictions . There is a form to
                request a Community Purpose exemption available in the Assessor ' s Office or on our web site -
                http://www. iuneau .org/finance/documents/2008NonProfitExem)Lppl.Ddf

                The original email did include Martha Torres , who is an Appraiser in our Assessing Office . But just incase, I will
                forward this information on to our Assessor , Robin Potter , for review and response.
                Thanks, Craig


                From : Sara Chambers
               Sent Monday, March 31, 2008 9:54 AM
               To: James Tipps; Craig Duncan
               Cc: Rod Swope
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                Craig:

               Could you forward this to the appropriate staff and let me know how this might progress ? There should be two
               attachments.

               Thank you,

               Sara Chambers
               Assemblymember
               City and Borough of Juneau




               From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Sat 3/29/2008 9:14 PM
               To: Sara Chambers
               Subject: Fw: Property Tax Exemption

               Sara,

               The land is out on the uphill side of Echo Cove . Could be as much as 500
               acres available.

               We need to find out if we can get an exemption on any property taxes they
               would incur from our "Paid" use of the land. Currently it is exempt land
               under ANCSA.

               I was able to find where the Assembly voted in favor of an exemption in a
               similar situation . I have attached the minutes from the assembly meetings
               where the proposal was discussed and again when the exemption was granted.
               Look for "Executive Flight".

               Executive Flight was a company who leased a plane for Medical Transport, to
               a non-profit, and so they requested an exemption on that plane only. The
               situation is similar in the fact that Goldbelt is a For -Profit corporation,
               who would be leasing to a non-Profit (Rough Riders AK, Inc . - 501(c)(3)
               Public Charity).

               The biggest difference I see is the fact that Executive Flight was currently
               paying tax on the plane (I think it says $32,000 a year) so by granting that
               exemption CBJ was missing out on money, whereas the land in question is NOT
               currently taxed, but would become taxable while we were paying to use it, so
               there would be no loss to the CBJ.



               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0015219
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                        Page 10 of 12


               Let me know what you think , and if you know where I should start the
               process. (I have already contacted the CBJ assessors office and was informed
               that under current ordinances we do not qualify for any of the optional or
               required exemptions since we do not own the land.

               James Tipps
               NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
               www.nohvcc.org
               Rough Riders AK, Inc. - President
               www.roughridersak.org
               james@roughridersak.org
               ----- Original Message
               From: "Sara Chambers " <Sara Chambers@ci juneau .ak.us>
               To: <james@roughridersak.org>
               Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2008 9:30 AM
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption


               > Hi, James . How is the PRAC going?

               > Where is the Goldbelt land you are working on? If you have any info let
               > me know so I can stay on top of this.

               > Thanks,

               > Sara Chambers
               > Assemblymember
               > City and Borough of Juneau




               > From: James Tipps fmailto fames Zrouehridersak.orel
               > Sent: Thu 3/13/2008 1:02 PM
               > To: Martha Torres
               > Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope
               > Subject: Property Tax Exemption


               > My name is James Tipps, President of Rough Riders AK, Inc., a 501(c)(3)
               > non-profit corporation. Currently we are working with Goldbelt
               > corporation to provide an area open to motorized recreation . We have one
               > remaining problem that we need to find out how to solve.
               >
               > Currently, the land in question, is under non-Taxed status, as it was
               > transferred through the ANCSA. Goldbelt will require a fee from us to use
               > the area. The area would be open to club members only. Membership is
               > open to the public. Who do we need to speak to to find out about a
               > property Tax exemption? The standard forms only seem to apply if we were
               > the owners of the land in question. Is this something that we can request
               > on behalf of Goldbelt Inc ? Goldbelt has made it clear that use of the
               > land will be allowed under the following conditions ONLY:
               >

               > * The land MUST remain in non-taxed status or be qualified for a
               > property tax exemption AND must revert back to Non-Taxed status if our
               > agreement with Goldbelt is terminated.



               > * Rough Riders AK, Inc. MUST do all the footwork. While the


               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0015220
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                         Page 11 of 12


                > landowner is willing to work with us they are not willing to put time,
                > effort or money into it.


                > There are other conditions that we have already addresses, such as
                > insurance and enforcement.

                > Can you please direct me to the person I would need to speak to about
                > this? Is this something that will need to go before the Assembly? As our
                > proposal for the Fish Creek OHV Park has run into so many delays and so
                > much opposition, even if the planning commission rules in our favor, the
                > park will not become a reality until late summer 2009 or early summer
                >2010. This leaves no place for summer OHV use for the next year or two.

                > Any help you can provide would be greatly appreciated.



                > James Tipps

                > NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                >
                > HYPERLINK "htto://www. nohvcc.ore/"www.nohvcc.org

               > Rough Riders AK, Inc - President/CEO

               > dba / Rough Riders AK OHV Club

               > HYPERLINK "h=://www.roudfidersak.orgl"www. roughridersak.org

               > (907) 209-6686

               > HYPERLINK "maflto:iames (@roughgjdersak.2[&"james@roughridersak.org


               > No virus found in this outgoing message.
               > Checked by AVG.
               > Version: 7.5.518 /Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008
               > 1:41 PM



               > Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               > Checked by AVG.
               > Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008
               > 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0015221
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                        Page 12 of 12




                Internal Virus Database is out -of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




                Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out -of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM


               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0015222
