Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


               Unknown
                From :      Alfa Fish [alfafish@ptialaska.net]
                Sent:       Tuesday, April 15, 2008 5:55 PM
                To:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:         Thomas; Bill (LAA); Wilson; Peggy A (LAA); Stedman; Bert K (LAA); marlinkcox@gmail.com;. Crome;
                            Cora J (GOV); Alaska Longline Fishermen's Association; Walt & Megan Pasternak; Steve Fish; Dan
                            Falvey; philwyman@hotmail.com; terryjoana@yahoo.com; norm pillen; jefarv@gmail.com; Richard
                            Curran
               Subject: SB 221 funding for SSSC hatchery project
               Dear Governor Palin,

               I am writing on behalf of the Alaska Longline Fishermen 's Association to urge you to support funding for
               the Sitka Sound Science Center , enabling this group of dedicated and knowledgeable people to operate
               the Sheldon Jackson hatchery.

               As you are aware, the closure of Sheldon Jackson College has had profound effects on the community of
               Sitka. We mourn the loss of this institute of higher learning ; we miss the students and faculty, and we
               fear the loss of the unique hands on experience the College offered students at the hatchery . No other
               college in America has a working hatchery ; no other college provides students with the opportunity to
               participate in the operation and management of a working hatchery . Sitkans involved with the Sitka
               Sound Science Center (SSSC ) recognize the value of this facility and the educational opportunities it
               affords; they have worked hard to design a viable management plan for the hatchery that will preserve
               both its scientific and educational aspects . If funded , the SSSC hatchery program will help maintain at
               least this one important aspect of Sheldon Jackson College , and in so doing improve the attractiveness of
               the campus to educational institutions that are considering investments in the campus.

               On behalf of ALFA's membership I urge you to support funding for the SSSC as described in Senate Bill
               221 on page 19.

               Thank you for your attention to this issue and for your commitment to Alaska's schools, fisheries, and
               communities.

               Sincerely,

               Linda Behnken
               Alaska Longline Fishermen 's Association
               403 Lincoln Street, Ste. 237
               Sitka, AK 99835




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0015209
