Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUPICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 16, 2008 8:10 AM
            To:                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: status update


             FYI



            -----Original Message-----

            From : Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)

            Sent: Wednesday , April 16, 2008 6:13 AM

            To: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA)

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Subject: FW: status update



            Mike:

            I'll be in Anchorage today - back tonight. You may already be aware - we have 5 adults
            and a 10-year old boy unaccounted for with a helicopter missing. The employees are with
            our ETS Division and were doing SATS/ALMR maintenance.



            As I understand the situation right now , rescuers were waiting for daylight and winds to
            die down to get into the area where they believe a signal beacon to be coming from. Matt
            Leveque with the Troopers is involved.



            I've asked Rachael to put out an internal email to just the Division at this point giving
            the basic facts that we have a helicopter unaccounted for, and a total of six people
            involved.  The email will ask that employees not divulge information to callers or media
            because they may have outdated information.  All calls should go to Rachael Petro.



            I'm getting ready to get on the plane this morning, so any questions, please email Rachael
            - she'll have her Blackberry with her. She's headed to our Tudor Road facility now.

            ak




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Petro, Rachael A (DOA)

            Sent: Wed 4/16/2008 4:56 AM

            To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0015231
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Subject: Fw: status update



             I am forwarding these updates - the only missing piece is my conversation w/ Jim at about
             1210am.

            R




            ----- Original Message -----

             From: Kohler, James M (DOA)

            To: Petro, Rachael A (DOA)

            Sent: Wed Apr 16 02:26:34 2008

            Subject: status update



            Rachael




            I am hoping your Blackberry is on silent and doesn't wake anyone as this update is
            informational only, clarifying some details I have managed after sifting through the
            conversations at Tudor after my arrival and last phone conversation with you.




            The last field update we had from the RCC (Regional or Rescue Command Center at Elmendorf)
            was at approximately 1:30AM. There are two separate units on the ground. The first,
            under the command of a State Trooper, and to whom our Todd Richardson is attached, is
            working inland from the highway at mile post 117 (about half-way between Palmer and
            Glennallen).  Word from Todd within the last five minutes is that they have not been able
            to work themselves into the area they were getting the signal from and are limited to
            little until they get daylight (6AM-7AM).   A second unit of three para rescue staff (Class
            III paramedics) under the command of the Air National Girard were deployed to the point
            where Michael Seward was to have left his truck. They found the truck within the last
            hour or so, empty. They are going to work themselves up to the Tahneta Pass Site (I'll
            explain that below) where he was to have walked in to on snow shoes to meet the tech crew
            coming in by helicopter. They want to confirm that he is not hunkered down there. They
            expect to be at the site by 3:00AM.




            According to the RCC, confirmed by Todd and the Trooper on the ground, the weather there
            on site is zero visibility and blowing snow. There is no prospect at this point that
                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0015232
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             either the Air National Guard helicopter (sitting at Kulis) or the Trooper helicopter
             (sitting now at Palmer waiting to deploy) will be able to get off the ground before
             daylight - and even that is doubtful unless the snowing/blowing conditions abate. We are
             limited to the two units on the ground referenced above.




            I was able to go the to the Tram for the trip and got some clarification on why Michael
            Seward's truck was at the trail head to Tahetna Pass instead of Tolsona as I had mentioned
            during our phone call. The helicopter was to drop Paul Wheeler's gear off at Sawmill
             (Paul was going to hike in later today but did not go due to illness) and then proceed to
            Lion head to drop off Darrell Bowman and his gear. Darrell was dropped off and his is
            spending the night in the shelter (provisioned for such occasions). The helicopter was to
            then fly to Tahneta Pass with Tom Middleton and the new hire, Joe O'Donnell., and the rest
            of the tools/gear.   Michael Seward was going to drive to the trail head and snow show up
            and meet this crew.   After completion of the Tahneta Pass work, all three techs were to be
            flown to Tolsona for work there. After finishing the Tolsona work, the helicopter was to
            drop Michael Seward off on the return at his truck and then proceed back to Lions Head to
            pick up.Darrel Bowman and then return to Anchorage.




            The puzzle is that the signal from the presumed downed helicopter is coming from a general
            location towards Lions Head from Tahneta Pass. It would only have headed in that
            direction if it was heading back to Lions Head - leaving the unanswered question of why
            Michael Seward would have been on board and not left at Tahneta Pass. Hopefully he is
            hunkered at the Tahneta Pass shelter with phones that don't work.




            I'll send an email with any word we get from the para rescue unit after they reach the
            Tahneta Pass shelter - 3:OOAM-ish.




            Right now Allen and I are at Tudor. Chris Erickson and Rod Ainge are coming back at
            6:OOAM to relieve Allen.




            Feel free to call at any time.




                                                         3




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0015233
