Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [ivy. frye@alaska.govj
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 16 ,2008 12:24 PM
             To:                      'gov. palin@yahoo.com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; 'krisandclark @yahoo.com; 'ftb907
                                      @yahoo.com'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: I=TS Employee Update

             Importance:              High




             ----- Original Message -----

             From:   Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)

             To: DOA ETS All Staff

             Cc: DOA Commissioners Office

             Sent: Wed Apr 16 12:22:01 2008

             Subject: ETS Employee Update




             ETS Employees -




             By now you are aware there was a helicopter crash that involved State employees yesterday.




             It is with great sorrow that we report the passing of three ETS employees and an ERA
             helicopter pilot who were killed in the helicopter crash last night near the 120 milepost
             on the Glenn Highway. Tom Middleton, 46, Joe O'Donnell, 48, and Mike Seward, 38, and the
             pilot of the ERA helicopter perished in the crash. Quinn Seward, 14, son of Mike Seward,
             is the sole survivor of the crash.  He was transported to Mat Su Regional Hospital and his
             status is unknown at this time.




             This is a tragic loss and our heartfelt condolences go out. to the families and friends of
             these men.   Please join me in keeping Quinn Seward and all family members in your thoughts
             and prayers.




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0015259
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Grief counseling will be available and we will be planning a memorial service in the near
              future. We will send updated information as we have it.




              Annette Kreitzer



              Commissioner




                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0015260
