Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, April 16, 2008 3:51 PM
              To:                      'northstar@mtaonline.ner
              Subject:                 RE: Budget


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need , suggestion , or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us   (mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

              Sent : Wednesday , April 16,     2008 3:52 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

              Subject : Budget



             Web mail from :     wayne vance

              address : po box 890 Willow AK 99688




             MESSAGE:

             Governor,



             After seeing the news last night and reading the paper this morning, I had to look ourside
             to reassure myself I was still in Alaska . Between all the thin skinned people , the thought
             police and complaints about the weather I wasn't sure . To top it off, I am sure it is
             these same people crying about a lack of social or community programs and not having
             enough money , or in some special interest group looking to take away more of our freedoms,
             that managed to pry all that momey out of Juneau.

                  Why don't you do everyone a favor and cut two or three billion out of this insane
             budget and put it in the reserve ? Whether people want to believe it or not, we may need
             that money badly in the next few years . It isn't "free money " because it will cost us all
             in the end when taxes have to be raised to keep it up. Right now every man, woman and
             child would have to pay $ 22,000 a year to run State government in taxes without oil
             revenues.

                  You can blame the cuts.on me if you like and give'em my phone number . I would be
             happy to explain how to balance a check book, apparently the government doesn 't even know
             what one looks like.

             Sincerely, Wayne Vance



                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0015246
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             northstarr@mmtaonline.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015247
