Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                     Wednesday, April 16, 2008 2:29 PM
             To:                       Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Subject:                 Re: FBI and Fish and Game files on Kenai Area Fishermen 'sCOafitioncom plaint

             Privileged or ^

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



             Date : Wed, 16 Apr 2008 14:27:19

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

             Subject : RE: FBI and Fish and Game files on Kenai Area Fishermen's

              COalitioncomplaint




             Dear Governor Palin,

                  Could I speak to you on the phone about this for a minute ?                   What is your phone number
             right now? Talis



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarahoyahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

             Sent : Wednesday ,   April 16,    2008 1:45 PM

             To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

             Subject: Re: FBI and Fish and Game files on Kenai Area Fishermen's COalitioncomplaint



             Pis waive it and give to FBI- I say we should err on the side of giving them more, not
             less, info. Did the fishermen ask me to do anything in that letter last year besides have
             Law look into it? And was the response from me or Dept of Law?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>




                                                                     1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0015252
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Date: Wed, 16 Apr 2008 13:22:14

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: FBI and Fish and Game files on Kenai Area Fishermen 's Coalition

              complaint




             Dear Governor Palin,

                   The FBI has subpoenaed records from the Dept. of Fish and Game regarding earmarks
             from Sen. Ted Stevens that ended up going to projects favored by the Kenai River Sport
             Fishing Association.

                    Last year (Sept. 14, 2007) the Kenai Area Fishermen's Coalition (KAFC) sent you a
             letter complaining about the allocation of Stevens earmark money to the Kenai River Sport
             Fishing Assn . projects .  The Dept . of Law was asked to investigate and we did. My staff
             issued a 7 page memo on October 12, 2007 outlining events and process and concluded with
             "The allegations in KAFC's letter do not appear to constitute any violations of state
             legal standards.   We believe no further investigation is warranted."


          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                    Talis




                                                               2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0015253
