Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
                Sent:      Thursday, April 17, 2008 4:23 PM
                To:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Cc:        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject : FW: Legal_and lawsuits




                From : tammie anderson (mailto :civileader@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Thursday, April 17, 2008 10:06 AM
                To, Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: RE: Legal_and_lawsuits


                Thursday, April 17, 2008
                Dear Team,
                First of all thank you for your recent order or visit to my Zija Website , because of your traffic to that
                website we have LAUNCHED Austrial

                I am so excited about this product it has changed my life. Who am I? I own the website you recently
                either visited or placed a order from:
               www. mvziia. comftammie
                I am also a scholar, and presently working on a textbook you can learn more abut me and that project by
               visiting the blog I update daily at : The Power of a SINGLEmat Its rote, as a tool , to the future ENTEPRENEURS

               I really want to get to know each of you, so please send me a e-mail and tell me why you went to the
               website, and more about you as a person.

               I also have a PowerPoint presentation of the product that will help you in your sales and presentation of
               the product, I will send each of you that by the end of this week!

               Customer support with this company is GREAT; so feel FREE and confident in knowing you have a
               GREAT team behind you! If you need help finding them shoot me a e-mail I will get that data over to you!

               Once you set yourself up , remember to place a auto ship order so that you can begin to earn
               commissions when your friends and family, and business acquaintances join under you-
               MY GOALS with this project:

               Presently I am trying to get the product in the hands of business travelers, salon owners, and if you have
               any thoughts that will inspire that goal I would love to hear more.
               This is a great product to Introduce to anyone with an existing business. The promise of a residual
               income, or a second income is often an attractive promise to existing business owners.

               ORDER:
               If you have not placed your first order, I want to encourage you to get it in, remember the sooner you get
               it, the sooner you can pass out samples, and the sooner you will begin earning money and making
               friends just for giving someone a sample of something that is really GOOD for them ( in so many ways).

               I love the concept, and I hope you will have fun with the product.
               Once again thank you for visiting the website, and PLEASE pass this e-mail on to everyone in your
               address book! Even if you do not want to take this project on that's your decision and I respect that-
               however, I am confident that you have at least 10 friends in your e-mail account right now that will love
               you forever for sending this e-mail as a forward to them!



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0015271
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3



               Remember to DRINK in ILIFE-
               www.myzi*a.com/tammie




               "Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)" <g overnor@alaska.gov> wrote:
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,
               opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to
               the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email
               herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
               appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,
               suggestion, or comment.


               -----Original Message-----
               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]
               Sent: Sunday, March 30, 2008 11:18 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Legal_and_lawsuits

               Web mail from : Ms. Tammie Coffey
               address : Po Box 7481 Tempe AZ 85281
               6026144097

               MESSAGE:
               Dear Sara,
               Hello. I live in Arizona and have learned that Senator McCain is
               considering you for a running mate. Perhaps the smartest decision the
               party has made thus far, in my humble opinion. I am curious to know
               more about your climb in politics, and wonder if you might tell more
               about what is really involved in getting a person elected in the first
               place. This true process, I believe is in part why our system of
               government is such a circus. Many Americans do not want to understand
               the "process" they want our politicians on a pedastal but I am of the
               opinion that this is a very big mistake on our part. I was talking to a
               woman a few days ago, about organized crime, and she was sure that they
               have nothing to do with politics in America. Quashing this illusion and
               bringing to light the actual process I believe is where the real power
               rests to launch our country into new global markets. Many will need to
               be educated on how those balls get set into motion, and why people do
               what they do in
               the name of "freedom". We have a long history of walking over people
               to put people in office in this country, if you were to be honest with
               the public about the process it is believed that you will be the best
               possible canidate for McCain ticket and you could turn his campaign
               around- he needs your face to offset his (just being honest). The only
               problem we will all have is in getting involved in this bickering going
               on now about race and discrimination.
               I urge you to be the voice of reason regarding that bickering in our
               Nation, and direct McCain away from the war related issues and put forth



               10/22/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015272
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


                a REAL energy solution. IF the two of yu can sell us on a REAL energy
                solution McCain will take the White House, if the battle over race and
                minorities continue we are headed for civil war in this country I fear.
                Please put a bug in the ear of McCain an Bush to prepare our Nation for
                the first Black President this should quash all the "hate rhetoric" by
                default. A welcome speach tha celebrates this exciting time to work and
                rework our inner conflicts in ou own backyard is the ONLY sensible
                ideology to promote and to encourage McCain to promote.
                I am sure that politics is a circus- people do terrible things to get
                people elected- they use people, take ideas, steal writtings, whatever
                it takes- it makes everyone look bad-
                In closing tell us all what you are going to do to change the "process"
                this will make you different in a race that needs a new direction.
                Good luck if you are selected- it will improve his campaign 100%




                civileader@yahoo.com




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                              P RA_GS P0I _0015273
