Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 1 of I


               Unknown
                From :    Kris' Perry (krisandclark@yahoo.coml
                Sent:     Wednesday, April 16, 2008 2:05 PM
                To:       Frye; Ivy J (DOA); gov.palin@yahoo.com; fek9wnr@yahoo.com; ftb907@yahoo.com; Leighow; Sharon
                          W (GOV)
                Subject : Re: Fw: ETS Employee Update
               Tom is Robyn's brother-in-law.

                "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov> wrote:



                 ----- Original Message ----
                 From: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)
                 To: DOA ETS All Staff
                 Cc: DOA Commissioners Office
                 Sent: Wed Apr 16 12:22:01 2008
                 Subject: ETS Employee Update

                 ETS Employees 8E"



                 By now you are aware there was a helicopter crash that involved State employees yesterday.



                 It is with great sorrow that we report the passing of three ETS employees and an ERA helicopter pilot who
                 were killed in the helicopter crash last night near the 120 milepost on the Glenn Highway. Tom
                 Middleton, 46, Joe OBETMDonnell, 48, and Mike Seward , 38, and the pilot of the ERA helicopter perished
                 in the crash. Quinn Seward , 14, son of Mike Seward, is the sole survivor of the crash . He was transported
                 to Mat Su Regional Hospital and his status is unknown at this time.



                 This is a tragic loss and our heartfelt condolences go out to the families and friends of these men. Please
                 join me in keeping Quinn Seward and all family members in your thoughts and prayers.



                 Grief counseling will be available and we will be planning a memorial service in the near future . We will
                 send updated information as we have it.



                 Annette Kreitzer

                 Commissioner .




               Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0015276
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 5



                Unknown
                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
                Sent:       Wednesday, April 16, 2008 8:34 AM
                To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject : FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 15-21, 2008



                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 11:04 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 15-21, 2008

                                         If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see It online.




                         Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Apr. 15-21, 2008


                HEADLINES...
                1. New EPA Report Details $ 27 Billion Pollution Control Market
                2. E-Waste Law Shaping Up in 2008
                3. US EPA Orders Republic to Cap Troubled Portion of
                   Countywide Landfill in Ohio
                4.    Ohio EPA Approves Landfills to Accommodate More Coal Plant
                      Waste
                5. Coca - Cola Clothes from Recycled Bottles to Launch in Wal-
                   Mart
                6. Waste Pro Awarded $180 Million in New Municipal Contracts
                7. RecycleBank Secures $ 30 Million to Begin Big Push
                8. Sioux Falls Landfill Methane to Fuel Ethanol Plant
                9.    Waste Management adds New Landfill Gas to Energy Facility
                      In Ottawa
                10. Renegy Holdings to Buy 20 MW Biomass Power Plant
                11. EIA and NSWMA Hire New Director of Communications and
                    Public Affairs
                12. Covanta to Announce First Quarter Earnings on April 23
                13. WCA Waste to Announce First Quarter Earnings on April 30


                 The weekly news bulletin Is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste Industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: www.wastebuslnessjournal.com.
                 Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market...
                Market radius reports capture all waste
                operations within a given market. They
                provide analysis of the major players by
                market share, and show historical trends




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0015277
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 2 of 5



                of pricing, volume and capacity specific to that area . [ Learn More...]



                1.   NEW EPA REPORT DETAILS $27 BILLION POLLUTION
                     CONTROL MARKET
                     According to a recently release EPA report, U . S. manufactures. spent
                     $5.9 billion on capital expenditures and $20 . 7 billion on operating costs
                     for pollution prevention and treatment In 2005 . The report Is called
                     "Pollution Abatement Costs and Expenditures ( PACE): 2005" and Is
                     believed by the agency to be the most comprehensive one available. It
                     provides details on pollution abatement expenditures, categorized by
                     type of pollution media and abatement activity by industry and state.
                     The reported costs include capital and operating costs for treatment and
                     capture , prevention, recycling , and disposal , as well as depreciation of
                     pollution abatement equipment... Read More D


                2.   E-WASTE LAW SHAPING UP IN 2008
                     Congressional principals for, federal e-waste legislation as articulated In a
                     recent concept paper have drawn generally supportive responses from
                     more than 40 groups and companies . In particular, the Consumer
                     Electronics Association ( CEA) favors a federal approach that supersedes
                     and rationalizes many disparate and various state level measures.
                     However, the CEA has concerns with elements of the concept paper that
                     call for recycling targets because "there' s no correlation between sales of
                     products and recycling of products ," said CEA Environmental Counsel
                     Parker Brugge . " To have manufacturers have their obligation be based
                     on consumer behavior seems to us to be unreasonable ." While the CEA
                     Is not seeking to preempt state laws per se, it believes that states should
                     not be able to set stricter standards as proposed in the concept
                     paper... Read More s,


                3.   US EPA ORDERS REPUBLIC TO CAP TROUBLED PORTION OF
                     COUNTYWIDE LANDFILL IN OHIO
                     In the ongoing efforts to resolve underground fires and resulting odors
                     at Republic's Countywide landfill In Stark County, Ohio, the US
                     Environmental Protection Agency has ordered installation of a day-and-
                     synthetic cap. The EPA expects the cap to keep water and snow from
                     getting Into an 88-acre tract where problems have occurred since 2006.
                     It is also expected to help the landfill extract gas without allowing odors
                     to escape. Republic Services, which owns the landfill, is required to
                     submit a plan for doing so within 15 days for work that Is expected to
                     begin this summer... Read More n


                4.   OHIO EPA APPROVES LANDFILLS TO ACCOMMODATE MORE
                     COAL PLANT WASTE
                     The Ohio EPA has approved two landfills and is considering four more to
                     accommodate potentially millions of tons of additional ash and sludge
                     wastes which are the byproducts of coal-fired power plants. The power
                     plants having upgraded pollution control equipment in compliance with
                     new federal regulations are significantly reducing air emissions leading to
                     greatly Increased residual waste production. The EPA passed the Clean
                     Air Interstate Rule in March 2005 with the aim of reducing smog, acid
                     rain and soot tied to power production. It requires a 57% reduction In
                     sulphur dioxide and 61% cut in nitrogen oxide emissions by 2015. To the
                     Ohio EPA, containing the material in a protected regulated facility is a far
                     better alternative ejecting it Into the atmosphere... Read More *


                5. COCA- COLA CLOTHES FROM RECYCLED BOTTLES TO LAUNCH



                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0015278
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                      Page 3 of 5


                      IN WAL-MART
                      Coca-Cola is launching a line of clothing made from recycled plastic
                      bottles. T-shirts that read "Make your plastic fantastic" and "Rehash your
                      trash" will soon line the shelves of Wal-Mart stores. In response to
                      withering environmental criticism about its beverage containers ending
                      up in landfills, the company is attempting to make the proverbial silk
                      purse from a sow's ear with what it terms "Drink 2 Wear" apparel. The
                      company's overall goal is to recycle or reuse 100% of the bottles and
                      cans In the U.S. marketplace where they have spent $60 million on
                      recycling programs already... Read More s


                 6.   WASTE PRO AWARDED $180 MILLION IN NEW MUNICIPAL
                      CONTRACTS
                      Longwood, Florida-based Waste Pro USA announced winning four new
                      major long-term contracts collectively accounting for $180 million in new
                      business. The exclusive service contracts are for Palm Beach County,
                      Orange County, Manatee County and the City of Crestview Florida for
                      which Waste Pro will service over 140,000 homes and additional 4,000
                      business and industrial locations. Waste Pro was established In 2001
                      with five people and two trucks. Today It Is one of the largest private
                      firms in the Southeast employing over 1,200 people and operating a
                      fleet of more than 700 trucks.. . Read More »


                                    ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                 Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites                                     w.e...   .
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is                              °r`^".
                 t h e on l y d irectory o f i ts ki n d an d i s th e mos t up- t o- d a te an d   """pj0°'
                 comprehensive facility database of over 7 ,400 waste
                 processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                 powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                 to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste -to-energy plants,
                 materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills , transfer
                 stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                 [Learn More...]


                7.    RECYCLEBANK SECURES $30 MILLION TO BEGIN BIG PUSH
                      The recycling rewards company RecycleBank has secured $ 30 million in
                      Series B funding from a group of leading venture capital firms. The
                      company plans to use the funding to rapidly scale its already successful
                      program to the entire US and even into Europe in the next 24 months.
                      The firms behind the deal are luminaries Klelner, Perkins, Caulfield and
                      Byers (KPCB), RRE Ventures, Sigma Partners and The Westly Group.
                      RecycleBank rewards consumers who recycle with coupons from local
                      and national merchants who enjoy more store traffic. Where deployed,
                      the programs have shown to double local recycling rates ... Read More))


                8.    SIOUX FALLS LANDFILL METHANE TO FUEL ETHANOL PLANT
                      The city of Sioux Falls , SD contracted with ethanol producer Poet to build
                      a 10-mile low-pressure methane pipeline from the city's landfill to Poet's
                      plant In Chancellor. Methane from the landfill will eventually replace 30%
                      of the plant's natural gas usage by 2025 . The Sioux Falls Regional
                      Sanitary Landfill, which takes in about 500 tons of waste each day,
                      currently flares its landfill gas on site. The project Is expected to cost
                      $4.3 million and generate $1.8 million In annual gross revenue... Read
                      More »


                9. WASTE MANAGEMENT ADDS NEW LANDFILL GAS TO ENERGY



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0015279
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 4 of 5


                    FACILITY IN OTTAWA
                    Waste Management broke ground on Its latest landfill gas to energy
                    (LFGTE) facility in Ottawa, Ontario . It Is expected to produce 6.4
                    megawatts of power once operational In the fall of 2008 . The Ottawa
                    facility Is the company 's second Canadian LFGTE project after one in Ste.
                    Sophie, Quebec which powers the nearby Cascades paper mill . Plans are
                    In the works for a similar project its soon to be expanded Warwick
                    landfill near Watford, Ontario and possibly its landfill in Petrolia , Ontario
                    later on . The projects are part of an ambitious company goal to build 60
                    new renewable energy facilities by 2012 . Currently the company
                    operates more than a hundred landfill energy projects producing enough
                    energy to power more than 1 million homes. They hope to double that
                    output by 2020... Read More»


                10. RENEGY HOLDINGS TO BUY 20 MW BIOMASS POWER PLANT
                    Tempe-based Renegy Holdings Inc. agreed this week to buy a 20-
                    megawatt biomass power plant In Loyalton , Calif., from Sierra Pacific
                    Industries for $13 million . The operating plant which currently sells 10
                    MW of its electrical power output to Sierra Pacific Power, is expected to
                    be making money for Renegy later this year. It draws half of its fuel
                    from sawmills and the other half from municipal wood waste. The
                    announcement follows one last week Involving the purchase of an Idle,
                    18-megawatt biomass plant In lone, Calif., for $5 . 35 million. Renegy
                    plans to open a 24 -megawatt biomass plant in Snowflake , Ariz., this
                    year, and it also owns an idle plant In Susanville , Calif. that could restart
                    this year. Having amassed a portfolio of biomass power plants with a
                    collective capacity of 75 MW Is expected make Renegy a self -sustaining
                    business beginning in 2009 ... Read More »


                11. EIA AND NSWMA HIRE NEW DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS
                    AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS
                    The Environmental Industry Associations welcomed the recent
                    appointment of Thom Metzger as director of communications and public
                    affairs . He will be responsible for developing a broad strategic
                    communications and public affairs strategy to enhance the voice of the
                    National Solid Wastes Management Association (NSWMA) in the local and
                    federal legislative and regulatory arenas, in which Its members have
                    significant financial and reputational interests. Most recently Metzger
                    was director of marketing and public relations for the American
                    Chemistry Council (ACC) where helped develop a highly successful $20
                    million media campaign ... Read More»


                12. COVANTA TO ANNOUNCE FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS ON
                    APRIL 23
                    Covanta Holding Corp . will release first quarter financial results on
                    Wednesday, April 23. The company will host a conference call the
                    following day at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to discuss those results ... Read More


                13. WCA WASTE TO ANNOUNCE FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS ON
                    APRIL 30
                    WCA Waste Corp. plans to announce first quarter earnings on April 30
                    following the market close. The company will host a conference call the
                    next morning at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to discuss those results ... Read More»


                Waste Market Overview &               Shoe of the was" Mansgemen Industry
                Outlook                               HIe oiIc& and Pt acted
                                                      ANaWaaws)
                The Waste Market Overview
                examines the industry top to
                bottom covering waste




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015280
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 5 of 5




                generation , collection , processing , recovery and disposal by revenue and
                volume . The report details the relationship of past and future pricing to
                capacity and demand for disposal , and shows the increasing role of the
                private sector. Waste equipment and the emerging importance of e-waste,
                C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                · Market Revenues by Segment
                · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                · Waste Management Equipment
                [Learn More...]




                 ABOUT US
                 Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                 variety of reports . We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                 on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                 can help you.
                 CONTACT US
                 PO Box 40034
                 San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                 Tel 619. 793.5190
                 Fax 619 .793.4713
                 Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                 Forward email
                 UNSUBSCRIBE
                 This email was sent to of Ice_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                 info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                 Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
                 SafeUnsubscribeTm I Privacy Policy.
                 QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                 Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 DISCLAIMER
                 Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                 and are unintentional.




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015281
