Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                From:       David Levy [alaskamc@gmail.com]
                Sent:       Thursday, April 17, 2008 11:14 AM
                To:         Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                Cc:         Palin; Sarah H (GOV); 'David Levy'
                Subject: Support for Fuel reimbursement for Alaska's transit providers
                Dear Ms. Rehfeld:

                On behalf of the members of the Alaska Mobility Coalition, we would like to ask for the Governor's support
                for the fuel reimbursement proposal that is in the state capital budget (Page 88). The Alaska Mobility
                Coalition is a private, nonprofit membership organization that represents public, private, tribal and human
                service transportation providers in the state. We have members from Bethel to Ketchikan and our
                members provide over 6.5 million rides per year for Alaskans to get to work, school and medical
                appointments.

                Transit providers in the state have been greatly impacted by the rising price of fuel. There has been an
                increase in ridership across the state as fuel prices have increased . Many small and non-governmental
                transit providers will be forced to cut back on service or pass the cost on to their riders, who in many
                instances cannot afford the high cost of fuel (which is why looking for alternative transportation).

                The investment by the state will allow transit providers to continue to keep up with the growing demand
                for service and help control their costs.

                Thank you for your consideration of our request and would be happy to answer any questions.

                Sincerely

                DAVID

               David M. Levy
               Executive Director
               Alaska Mobility Coalition
               240-2702
               Alaskamc@gmail.com




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0015274
