Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, April 17, 2008 4:00 PM
           To:                      fri3dchick3n@hotmail.com
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Thursday, April 17, 2008 10:58 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Budget



           Web mail from: Mr. Nikita Polushkin

           address: Chelsea Street Homer AK 99603




           MESSAGE:

           Hi, I am Nikita from Homer. I am 17 years old and I'm a junior at Voznesenka School that
           has about 140 students K-12. We have a wrestling team-- Cougars. Next year we are going to
           have a football team. All of us are very excited about a football field at our school
           because we play on the road right by our school. Cars interfere and so does the small
           gravel road aswell. Building a football field for this school would be the greatest thing
           to happen for us. It would really great if you let us build a field.



           fri3dchick3n@hotmail.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0015298
