Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From :    Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERGI
                 Sent:     Friday, April 18, 2008 10:07 AM
                 To:       'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'
                 Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Talis and schedule

               Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,
                  Just so you know in advance in my schedule for the next six weeks includes three things you should be aware
               of

                   1.  I will be taking my family on a family trip to Florida right after middle school ends from May 21 through
                      June 3. I will be in touch via my Blackberry. Mr. Tibbles had previously signed the leave slip for that
                      period but I just mention it in case either of you wonders where I am in that period.
                   2. I have been asked to be the commencement speaker at Katchemak Bay College - UAA on Wednesday,
                      May 7. Governor, if there is any particular greeting or message you would like me to include in my
                      remarks please let me know. In any event I will at a minimum send your best regards. My preliminary
                      draft speech is "learning to laugh at yourself, compromise , curiosity and the extinction of the steller
                      seacow".
                   3. Finally, on Sunday May 11, I will be at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks commencement, not as a
                      speaker, but to receive my Ph.D. I had taken off the day of March 19 to fly to Fairbanks (not on state
                      money) and passed my oral defense of the dissertation . I have submitted the accepted final draft of the
                      doctoral dissertation and I will graduate in three weeks . So Tibbles, after May 11 I will be a doctor and I
                      will be happy to advise you on your back.

                   Talis




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0015311
