Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, April 18, 2008 4:08 PM
            To:                      'jblameck@gmail.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 3:20 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. John Lameck

            address: 1654 Martindale Street #4 Windsor Ontario Canada AK N9B1G

             519-254-3767




           MESSAGE:

            Congratulations on the birth of your new daughterl



            jblameck@gmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0015328
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                PW Exp Warning                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                Unknown
                From :     ETS Help Center [help center@admin.state.ak. us]
                Sent:      Saturday, April 19, 2008 7:08 AM
                To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Password expiration warning
               The password for SOA useriD 'govsp' expires Sunday April 27th, 2:34 PM.
               In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
               password can be changed using the SOA Password Change pace or Outlook Web Access.
               Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
               characters:

                       upper case alphabet
                       lower case alphabet
                       numbers
                       punctuation or symbols

               Prior passwords may not be re-used.

               Important Notel - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
               and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
               applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
               may need to be updated or deleted."

               Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
               assistance related to changing passwords.




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0015329
