Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Friday, April 18, 2008 4:06 PM
            To:                       Kim; Anna C (GOV)
            Cc:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                  FW: Seniors




            -----Original Message-----

            From :   WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

            Sent: Friday ,    April 18 ,   2008 3:57 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject : Seniors



           Web mail from :      Freda Peters

            address : 1028 Lakeview Terrace, Fairbanks , AK 99701

             (907)452-4409



           MESSAGE:



             Congradulations on the birth of your son.

            I had the pleasure of being at your inauguguration . It was great that it was held here in
           Fairbanks . You have my support and I am proud of you . I have lived in Alaska 40+years and am
           82 yrs old . I love Alaska and always have . Iplan to live out my life here.



           Thank you for what the state is doing for seniors although when it was reinstated I feel I
           was not given a fair adjustment . I have been here when the longevity started and was
           getting $250 a month and now I am getting $175.

           My finances are less now than they were then . I do not understand why I should be recieving
           less than I was before it was dropped so you know who wanted a jet plane for his own
           pleasure , which really hurt many senoirs and some who were not here for the beginning are
           now recieving the $250 and people like me are cut down.

           I know you have more to worry about than my problems and really do not exspect
           anything , but I did want you to know that some things were not done fairly . I tried many
           times to have a correction made but it never happened , so I more or less gave it up.I am
           gradefull for what I am geting and I will live with it.



           I wish you all the good things in life and I want you to know you are the best we have had
           yet,bar none.




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015330
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                       Sincerely,

                                                       Freda Peters




           f.s.peters@worldnet.att.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0015331
