Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWIN]
            Sent:                    Saturday, April 19, 2008 11:58 AM
            To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 Re: Baby


            I read the attached letter, unashamed with tears in my eyes. I am so appreciative that
            you would share it with me.



            I agree our Father is so good! And I have absolutely no doubt that we can't even imagine
            the great things he has planned through the wonderful gift of Trig. Be encouraged :) it
            has already started.  The world has already seen obedience to God's laws through you and
            Todd.  Not common but so very needed. That alone is an immeasurable witness. Wow, the
            example to the youth of our state and I predict our country! God will use that obedience
            alone in a mighty way, but that is only the start. After seeing what has happened over
            the last few years I just can't wait to see all that is going to happen. Thank you Father
            in Jesus name for a wonderful boy named Trig. Thanks ahead of time for the blessings you
            have for him and the blessings he will bring to this world.



            Ps. Mom     sure hope I get to hold your new baby one of these days.             Tom




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

            Sent; Sat Apr 19 07:58:52 2008

            Subject: Fw: Baby




            Hi Tom! Thanks for the beautiful "congrats" emails. I am so glad to know Trig shares a
            birthday with Marci... I knew we'd hear of someone sharing April 18, and I'm so glad it's
            with a special person via her awesome Dad - you. Thank you!



            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>



            Date: Mon, 7 Apr 2008 14:17:11

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:gov.palin@yahoo.com

            Subject: Baby
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0015359
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            To the Sisters, Brother, Grandparents, Aunts, Uncles, Cousins, and Friends of

            Trig Paxson Van Palin (or whatever you end up naming him!):




           I am blessing you with this surprise baby because I only want the best for you. I've heard
           your prayers that this baby will be happy and healthy, and I've answered them because I
           only want the best for you!



            I heard your heart when you hinted that another boy would fit best in the Palin family, to
            round it out and complete that starting five line-up. Though another girl would be so
            nice, you didn't think you could ask for what you REALLY wanted, but I knew, so I gave you
            a boy because I only want the best for you!



           Then, I put the idea in your hearts that his name should be "Trig", because it's so
           fitting, with two Norse meanings: "True" and "Brave Victory". You also have a Bristol Bay
           relative with that name, so I knew it would be best for you!



           Then, I let Trig's mom have an exceptionally comfortable pregnancy so she could enjoy
           every minute of it, and I even seemed to rush it along so she could wait until near the
           end to surprise you with the news - that way Piper wouldn't have so long to wait and count
           down so many days - just like Christmastime when you have to wait, impatiently, for that
           special day to finally open your gift? (Or the way the Palins look forward to birthday
           celebrations that go on for three, four days... you all really like cake .) I know you, I
           knew you'd be better off with just a short time to wait!



           Then, finally, I let Trig's mom and dad find out before he was born that this little boy
           will truly be a GIFT. They were told in early tests that Trig may provide more challenges,
           and more joy, than what they ever may have imagined or ever asked for. At first the news
           seemed unreal and sad and confusing . But I gave Trig' s mom and dad lots of time to think
           about it because they needed lots of time to understand that everything will be OK, in
           fact, everything will be great, because I only want the best for you!



           I've given Trig's mom and dad peace and joy as they wait to meet their new           son. I gave
           them a happy anticipation because they asked me for that. I'll give all of          you the same
           happy anticipation and strength to deal with Trig's challenges, but I won't         impose on you...
           I just need to know you want to receive my offer to be with all of you and          help you
           everyday to make Trig's life a great one.



           This new person in your life can help everyone put things in perspective and bind us
           together and get everyone focused on what really matters . The baby will expand your world
           and let you see and feel things you haven't experienced yet. He'll show you what "true,
           brave victory" really means as those who love him will think less about self and focus
           less on what the world tells you is "normal" or "perfect". You will grow and be blessed
           with greater understanding that will be born along with Trig.



                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0015360
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Trig will be his dad's little buddy and he'll wear Carhartts while he learns to tinker in
            the garage. He'll love to be read to, he'll want to play goalie, and he'll steal his mom's
            heart just like Track, Bristol, Willow and Piper did. And Trig will be the cuddly,
            innocent, mischievous, dependent little brother that his siblings have been waiting for in
            fact Trig will - in some diagnostic ways - always be a mischievous, dependent little
            brother, because I created him a bit different than a lot of babies born into this world
            today.



            Every child is created special, with awesome purpose and amazing potential. Children are
            the most precious and promising ingredient in this mixed up world you live in down there
            on earth. Trig is no different, except he has one extra chromosome. Doctors call it
            "Down's Syndrome", and Downs kids have challenges, but can bring you much delight and more
            love than you can ever imagine! Just wait and see, let me prove this, because I only want
            the best for you!



            Some of the rest of the world may not want him, but take comfort in that because the world
            will not compete for him. Take care of him and he will always be yours!



            Trig's mom and dad don't want people to focus on the baby's extra chromosome. They're
            human, so they haven't known how to explain this to people who are so caring and are
            interested in this new little Alaskan. Sarah and Todd want people to share in the joy of
            this gift I'm giving to the Palin family, and the greater Alaska family. Many people won't
            understand... and I understand that. Some will think Trig should not be allowed to be born
            because they fear a Downs child won't be considered "perfect" in your world. (But tell me,
            what do you earthlings consider "perfect" or even "normal" anyway? Have you peeked down
            any grocery store isle, or school hallway, or into your office lunchroom lately? Or
            considered the odd celebrities you celebrate as "perfect" on t.v.? Have you noticed I make
            `em all shapes and sizes? Believe me ,, there is no "perfect"!)



            Many people will express sympathy, but you don't want or need that, because Trig will be a
            joy. You will have to trust me on this.



           I know it will take time to grasp this and come to accept that I only want the best for
           you, and I only give my best. Remember though: "My ways are not your ways, my thoughts are
           not your thoughts... for as the heavens are higher than the earth, my ways are higher than
           yours!"



           I wrote that all down for you in the Good Book ! Look it up! You claim that you believe me
           - now it's time to live out that belief!



           Please look to me as this new challenge and chapter of life unfolds in front of you. I
           promise to equip you. I won't give you anything you can't handle. I am answering your
           prayers. Trig can't wait to meet you. I'm giving you ONLY THE BEST!




           Love,

           Trig's Creator , Your Heavenly Father



                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0015361
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                   i


            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Saturday, April 19, 2008 8:43 AM
            To:                      Wayne Anthony Ross
            Cc:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: 2 things


            Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner Wayne - we are looking into the permit issue and
            will get back to you soon on what we find out. Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : Wayne Anthony Ross <waralaska @alaska.com>



            Date : Fri, 18 Apr 2008 15:28:36

            To:"Palin, Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: FW: 2 things




           Hi!  Haven't heard from you on this one involving my buddy Rex Close. Did you get it?
           I'll see you at son Greg's program at Mears. Thanks for doing that for Greg. Everybody
           there is thrilled that you will speak. My best, WAR




           From : Wayne Anthony Ross      [mailto :waralaska@alaska.com]

             Sent : Friday, April 04,     2,008 11:48 AM

            To: Palin, Sarah (gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

            Subject: 2 things



           Hi!  I sent this to your home address with an attachment of Rex Close's letter .                     Hope you
           can get this resolved quickly.  Thanks, Sarah!  WAR



           Law Offices of

           ROSS & MINER

                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0015362
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           A Professional Corporation

           327 East Fireweed Lane , Suite 201

           Anchorage , Alaska 99503



           Wayne Anthony Ross                                               (907) 276-5307
           Curtis W. Patteson

           Edward L . Miner                                                              (.907) 276-6672 -
           FAX


                                           Tamara Huffman ,   Paralegal




           To: Governor Sarah Palin




           From: WAR




           Re: Glenn Highway Re-alinement       ( Milepost 92-97 );   and Petitions For Executive Clemency




           Date :   4 April 2008




           Dear Sarah:



           I hate to try and put more on your plate but there are two matters set forth below that
           need your attention . The first is pressing and the second less so.



           First: There is a re - alignment project on the Glenn Highway between Mileposts 92 and 97.
           A.I.C. has the contract .   The problem is set forth in the attached letter from my dear
           friend of almost forty ( 40) years, Rex Close .   ( By the way, Rex is a strident supporter of
           yours .) As I understand it, A.I. C. needs a permit from DNR to locate its bulk asphalt
           plant to mix the paving material for the job .   A.I.C. wants the bulk asphalt plant near
           the present stock pile of specified road paving material while DNR wants the plant
           somewhere else because of flood plain issues and the chance of excessive rain. If the
           asphalt plant is placed away from the paving material supply, extensive (and expensive)
           trucking of hot mix will have to occur .   In addition , there is a potential danger of the
           mix being adversely affected by the extensive trucking which could extensively delay the
           project itself.



           I would deem it a personal favor if you could get the permit issued so that the mixing can
           be done near the current stock pile of paving material .   I also would appreciate it if you
           could call Rex Close at 907 - 745-8886 to at least discuss the situation with him. As
           stated Rex is a special friend of many, many years and he knows what he is talking and
           writing about . I also think he's be thrilled to hear from you.




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0015363
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Second: My office has filed a number of petitions for executive clemency. The Pardon
            Board advises us that the Governor's Office is not addressing these petitions and, indeed,
            has not addressed them since Governor Murkowski's precipitous actions caused the
            Legislature to amend the provisions regarding executive clemency. Once things calm down a
            bit for you, perhaps you could take a look at that situation.



            Thanks Sarah!     Keep up the great work you are doing! It is fun to see you Governoring!




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015364
