Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Saturday, April 19, 2008 8:40 AM
           To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: 2 things


           Thank you!

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro®alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 18 Apr 2008 16:01:19

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarahoyahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: 2 things




           Governor:



           I will start working on it right away. As to clemency, I have read about 40 of the
           requests that we send onto the Parole Board for review and have not seen a single one that
           seemed compelling.



           Randy




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com Imailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent : Friday, April 18,     2008 3:33 PM

           To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Subject : Fw: 2 things



           Hi Randy- would you look at this first request of Ross' ... I'd forgotten to ask you about
           this issue some time ago. And forget his second request- I'm not into clemency right now.
           Thanks!

           Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0015365
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -----Original Message-----

           From : Wayne Anthony Ross < waralaska@alaska.com>



           Date: Fri, 18 Apr 2008 15:28:36

           To:"Palin, Sarah" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: FW: 2 things




           Hi!  Haven't heard from you on this one involving my buddy Rex Close. Did you get it?
           I'll see you at son Greg's program at Mears. Thanks for doing that for Greg. Everybody
           there is thrilled that you will speak. My best, WAR




           From : Wayne Anthony Ross [mailto : waralaska@alaska.com]

            Sent :   Friday,   April 04, 2008 11:48 AM

            To: Palin, Sarah (gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

            Subject: 2 things



           Hi!  I sent this to your home address with an attachment of Rex Close ' s letter .               Hope you
           can get this resolved quickly . Thanks, Sarah!  WAR



           Law Offices of

           ROSS & MINER

           A Professional Corporation

           327 East Fireweed Lane , Suite 201

           Anchorage , Alaska 99503



           Wayne Anthony Ross                                              ( 907) 276-5307
           Curtis W. Patteson

           Edward L . Miner                                                            (907) 276-6672 -
           FAX


                                          Tamara Huffman ,   Paralegal

                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_ 0015366
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To: Governor Sarah Palin




           From: WAR




           Re: Glenn Highway Re-alinement      (Milepost 92-97); and Petitions For Executive Clemency



           Date: 4 April 2008



           Dear Sarah:



           I hate to try and put more on your plate but there are two matters set forth below that
           need your attention.  The first is pressing and the second less so.



           First: There is a re-alignment project on the Glenn Highway between Mileposts 92 and 97.
           A.I.C. has the contract. The problem is set forth in the attached letter from my dear
           friend of almost forty (40) years, Rex Close. (By the way, Rex is a strident supporter of
           yours.)  As I understand it, A.I.C. needs a permit from DNR to locate its bulk asphalt
           plant to mix the paving material for the job. A.I.C. wants the bulk asphalt plant near
           the present stock pile of specified road paving material while DNR wants the plant
           somewhere else because of flood plain issues and the chance of excessive rain. If the
           asphalt plant is placed away from the paving material supply, extensive (and expensive)
           trucking of hot mix will have to occur. In addition, there is a potential danger of the
           mix being adversely affected by the extensive trucking which could extensively delay the
           project itself.



           I would deem it a personal favor if you could get the permit issued so that the mixing can
           be done near the current stock pile of paving material. I also would appreciate it if you
           could call Rex Close at 907 - 745-8886 to at least discuss the situation with him. As
           stated Rex is a special friend of many, many years and he knows what he is talking and
           writing about.  I also think he's be thrilled to hear from you.



           Second: My office has filed a number of petitions for executive clemency. The Pardon
           Board advises us that the Governor's Office is not addressing these petitions and, indeed,
           has not addressed them since Governor Murkowski's precipitous actions caused the
           Legislature to amend the provisions regarding executive clemency. Once things calm down a
           bit for you, perhaps you could take a look at that situation.



           Thanks Sarah !    Keep up the great work you are doing! It is fun to see you Governoring!




                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0015367
