Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


                Unknown
                From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Friday, April 18, 2008 11:45 AM
                To:      'City of Sand Point
                Subject: RE: School Loop Road Reconstruction
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.


               From : City of Sand Point [mailto:sptcity@arctic.net1
               Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 11:30 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
               Subject: School Loop Road Reconstruction

               Hi Sarah, Just a quick note to follow up on the progress of our project . We were successful in getting one
               million in the capital budget for phase one. This project is a match program , for which we have collected
               our share of the match . Again, this is our main road to the school and evacuation route to the safe zone
               for possible tsunami threats. I can't stress enough the safety issue of this project. The condition of the
               road plays havoc with our only school bus . Want to make sure our children make it safely to and from
               school. I know there will be cuts in this budget, but I can only hope this project makes it through the
               process . Thanks Again, Glen Gardner Jr.




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0015358
