Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Friday, April 18, 2008 1:42 PM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Alaska State Chamber of Commerce - Capital Notes - April 04, 2008




                From: Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
                Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 6:37 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Alaska State Chamber of Commerce - Capital Notes - April 04, 2008


               Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                Capital Notes
               www.alaskachamber.com                                       Friday April 04, 2008

                State Budgets - Largest Component of the Legislature's work
               Large budget numbers dominate the news of late. Both the Senate and the House have passed
               their versions of the state's operating budget, which takes care of all departmental and day-to-day
               operations of the state. The total budget passed and signed into law for fiscal year 08 beginning
               July 1 was $9.1 billion. This year's operating budget as passed by the House was $9.9 billion
               and the Senate's version spent $11 billion even. Operating budgets for the state continue to
               increase at a rate just above 10% on average over the past four year. As reported in past Capital
               Notes, formula programs continue to be the driving force of increases in the operating budgets,
               with Medicaid and education funding eating up most of the state operating increases.

               Recently, the State Senate passed their capital budget to a tune of about $1.8 billion, funding pet
               projects, and important school and transportation projects. The capital budget often becomes
               everybody's favorite Christmas tree, adding decoration after decoration metaphorically in place
               of project upon project. Last year's capital budget totaled $1.9 billion when passed by the
               legislature. The Governor took issue with the legislature' s large capital budget and trimmed
               $200+ million, which brought the budget total to $1.7 billion. Just short of a year later, the
               legislature dumped many of those vetoed projects into a recently passed supplemental budget,
               and again the Governor vetoed a majority of those projects.

               Still these budgets fall short of the capital budget passed in the last year of the Murkowski
               administration at just under $3 billion. The House, which will likely add to the Senate Capital
               budget, will send the bill back to the Senate probably in the remaining hours of the session for
               final concurrence. We would not be the least bit surprised if the capital budget passed by the
               House crept up another $500 million.

               Look for a show down in the remaining weeks as the legislature and the governor attempt to
               prioritize capital funding. Who will win remains to be seen, as legislators would like clear and
               discernable guidelines to follow in order to avoid the veto pen. The governor appears bent on
               funding projects important to the governor's office. Expect fireworks, huge budgets, line-item



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015347
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3


               vetoes, and angry legislators as the process comes to a close.

               State Chamber Gathers Strength on Priorities
               Your state chamber has been very active this year on a number of fronts. Continued from last year, the
               State Chamber has been working with Rep. Mike Hawker to enact HB 125. HB 125 will put into law a
               requirement that the Governor submit a fiscal plan looking out 10 years for the entire state. The bill
               would force each sitting governor to update the plan annually and to include all expenditures and
               revenue sources. We have thanked Rep. Hawker repeatedly for addressing this priority, and again we
               thank him for his efforts. We have been engaged on this bill on a number of fronts by providing
               testimony and constructive dialogue, while also exercising our lobbying efff orts. The bill recently
               passed out of the Senate Finance Committee and on to the Rules Committee for final approval for the
               Senate Floor. We recently received confirmation from staff that the bill will be scheduled for a floor
               vote in short order.

               Unemployment insurance legislation, SB 120, has also been a subject of continued work. SB 120
               provides increases in the unemployment insurance weekly benefit amount as introduced each of the past
               four years. Currently, the bill is a compromise bill worked on extensively by the State Chamber to limit
               the bill's affect on employers' bottom line. While the bill falls short of our ultimate goals, we do feel this
               is the time to settle this outstanding issue. In the past, the State Chamber has been the sole entity
               focusing on stopping the legislation. As a new sponsor of the legislation, Sen. Ellis has been
               instrumental in addressing many of the State Chamber's concern! s.

               In the past two weeks, the State Chamber has been active in shepherding the bill through the process.
               We have been successful in navigating two committees and a floor vote in two weeks. We are hopeful
               that with one committee left on the House side, the bill will pass the House and thus both legislative
               bodies this session.

               Other bills receiving attention in the recent weeks include: HB 25-Limiting liability for recreational
               purposes, HB 65-Personal Information & Confidentiality, HB 103-Bond Cap on Appeal, SB 91- Water
               discharge relating to primacy, SB 254 Alaska Regional Economic Assistance Program. The watch list is
               not limited to the above bills. There are many bills we continue to lobby on and in many cases prevent
               movement, as they would not be beneficial to Alaska's businesses. As always, we continue to focus on
               strengthening our efforts as the voice of Alaska's business while continuing to build on the many good
               relationships we have with legislators.

               RFID technology in. Alaska - Cutting edge Legislation Slows Down
               A bill, recently introduced by Senator Lesil McGuire, dealing with a new technology called Remote
               Frequency Identification (RFID) is under consideration . Shipping companies, credit card companies and
               a host of other businesses operating in Alaska, utilize these miniature electronic tags to track movement
               and inventories as well as conduct commerce. While Sen. McGuire was altruistically looking to protect
               personal information that may be unknowingly or knowingly electronically scanned from RFID tags, SB
               293 as introduced created a great deal of consternation and concern for many of Alaska 's businesses.
               Although introduced late in the session, the bill had already cleared multiple committ! ees and headed
               for a floor vote. A companion bill was introduced on the House side and there was serious concern that
               some version of the bill would be finalized before the session ended or more importantly before Alaska's
               businesses fully understood the effects of the bill in the real world.

               In an attempt to calm a brewing storm, the State Chamber offered to work with Sen. McGuire and hold a
               series of stakeholder meetings about the use and potential misuse of RFID technology in Alaska. These
               stakeholder meetings will likely be held over the summer and would provide businesses currently using



                10/22/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0015348
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 3 of 3


               RFID technology time to work with Sen. McGuire to draft legislation that adequately addresses their
               concerns. This process has worked well for us in regards to other bills, most recently exemplified by our
               efforts on SB 120-Unemployment Insurance.

               Up front, the State Chamber would like to acknowledge Sen. McGuire 's willingness to work with us,
               and we really do appreciate her willingness to slow down her own personal legislation in order to
               adequately address our concerns. Other legislators might not have been as willing to sacrifice their own
               goals for their personal legislation.

               Special Session called on AGIA
               The Governor has called a 30-day special session in Juneau beginning June 3.
               The Executive Proclamation calls for legislators to review "any action taken by the Commissioner of the
               Department of Natural Resources and the Commissioner of the Department of Revenue" under AGIA.
               "This schedule is extremely aggressive," Governor Palin pointed out, in explaining the basis behind the
               dates selected . "Our plan is to complete the findings by the week of May 19, allow legislators time to
               read and absorb the materials, provide public gasline team briefings in Anchorage , and then move to
               special session in Juneau where they have requested to meet."

               The commissioners would give notice of their findings to the legislature the week of May 19, and if they
               recommend awarding the proposed license, the legislature would then have 60 days to approve issuance
               of the license. The gasline team's schedule includes briefings in Anchorage - May 28 , 29 and 30 - on the
               commissioners' findings for legislators and the public.

               State Chamber of Commerce
               While there are a number of issues the state chamber is working on , if there is an issue that is important
               to you and your business, please let the folks at the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce know of your
               concerns.

               Following Legislation?
               Any person can follow the legislative process and access new bills, committee substitutes or determine
               which legislator is on a particular committee in the Legislative Bill Action and Status Inquiry System
               (BASIS). You can see what committee a bill is in, when it will be heard , how committee members
               voted,.and much more. You can also view all bills relating to your specific areas of interest by selecting
               "Subject Summary" from the menu on the right. Just click on the link below and bookmark it for later
               use.
               http://www. legis.state.ak.us/basis/start.asn




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0015349
