Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 18, 200810:36 AM
           To;                      Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
           Subject :                FW: [usdlc] APRIL NEWS from United Star Distance Learning Consortium




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Sandy LaPlante (mailto:slaplante@mindspring.com)

           Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 10:02 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: [usdlc) APRIL NEWS from United Star Distance Learning Consortium



           USDLC April News

           For a version of this newsletter in color, click here:

           http://www.in8-design.com/usdlc/usdlcnews-aprilO8.html



           Contents:



           *   LOOKING FOR JOHN GREEN

           Printz Award - Winning Author . Free Special Event April 28



           *   BANNED IN THE BOOKHENGE

           Event Success



           *   SPRUCE UP SPRING WITH PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

           Guest Access / Limited Time Discounts



           *   FROM THE TRENCHES

           Feedback from Chrisman Elementary Teachers, Chrisman ,            Illinois




           *   SUMMER SCHOOL




           *   SPANISH ONLINE STUDENTS WIN AWARD
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0015350
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            LOOKING FOR JOHN GREEN

            Printz Award-Winning Author in Second Life, on Internet Radio, and by Chat April 28, 5-6
            pm Eastern Daylight Time.

            Free Special Event!



           John Green began his literary career as a book reviewer for Booklist Magazine. It was
           excellent training for a young author who has won the Printz Award for Excellence in Young
           Adult Literature (2006) for his first book, Looking for Alaska, and had his second book,
           An Abundance of Katherines, recognized as a Printz Honor Book (2007).



           Hear about the writing of these award-winning books and the much-anticipated, Papertowns,
           John's third book available October 16, when we visit with John (aka Seymour Sideways) in
           Second Life.




           We will meet with John on Monday, April 28,   from 5 to 6 pm EDT.



           If you are 18 or over you can join us in the Bookhenge, our 3-D virtual conference space
           in Second Life. Everyone younger, or not-yet a citizen of Second Life, can participate via
           our Internet radio channel (with an interactive chatroom) webcasting from Second Life.



           For interactivity details, go to http://www.literacy2learn.org



           Contact Dr. Cris Crissman (ccrissma@dpi.state.nc.us), 919-807-3582, for more information.
           Dr. Crissman (aka 2B Writer) offers an introduction to the world of Second Life. Click
           here for a Tour:

           http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=eci+521+sl-tour&search=Search




           BANNED IN THE BOOKHENGE

           Event A Success

           Frances Bradburn, Chair of the American Library Association's first Printz Committee and a
           powerful advocate for Young Adult Literature, spoke on negotiating the tough issues
           surrounding intellectual freedom and censorship.  Frances (aka Reid Nitely) joined us in
           the Bookhenge, our 3-D virtual conference space in Second Life, and via our Internet radio
           channel webcasting from Second Life.



           For an archive of this event, go to: http://www.bookosphere. net/banned/




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0015351
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           SPRUCE UP SPRING WITH PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

           Guest Access to Literacy to Learn through May 31

           Register before June 1 to receive discounted fees



           Are you looking for a way to conveniently , cost effectively earn renewal credits this
           spring or over the summer ? Check out USDLC's professional development series : Literacy to
           Learn , Achieving Academic Excellence , Keynote Addresses , or Books , Books, Books here
           [http :// www.usdlc . org/pathways / index.jsp]



           Are you an administrator needing assistance in integrating online resources ?             Contact Dr.
           Sherwood Dees , Educational Consultant , woody5017@hotmail . com, (309 ) 369-0083



           Do you have questions about the steps involved in registering and participating for CEU
           credit? Contact Linda Walters , Professional Development Coordinator,
           lwalters @dpi.state . nc.us , ( 919)807-3496



           To request Guest Access to Literacy to Learn through May 31: Email. infoausdlc.org, include
           your name, school, and state



           To receive discounted fees : Go to www.usdlc . org, Register before June 1 to receive
           discounts of $40 /person / course /year ( regular pricing is $150 /person / course/year)



           Best Buys under Site or District Licensing : $ 1,000 / site /year for UNLIMITED PARTICIPATION
           (i.e. Literacy to Learn has 6 courses , under a site license ALL teachers can participate
           in ANY or ALL courses throughout the year )  $ 2,500 /district /year for additional
           programming with unlimited participation!

           www.usdlc.org




           FROM THE TRENCHES

           FEEDBACK FROM CHRISMAN ELEMENTARY EDUCATORS , CHRISMAN ,     ILLINOIS



           "Literacy to Learn provides a cost effective avenue for my staff to earn CPDU credits and
           gain valuable professional development .  The topics are right on target with today's
           educational issues . Best of all , teachers can access L2L at their own convenience."

           Vicki Riggen, Principal, Chrisman Elementary



           "Persistence pays off.  With single-minded determination , the USDLC team and I were able
           to get the Literacy to Learn ( L2L) program up and running in my school district . It took
           a lot of back and forth communication through email and phone conversations , but we are
           all happy with the end results. This is an excellent way for teachers to earn their CPDUs
                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0015352
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            for the state of Illinois. There are programs available for all grade levels and content
            areas. As in other states, money is always a concern for districts. Being able to utilize
            the L2L programs saves the district money. Because the entire program is online, teachers
            can access the lessons from home and complete them at their leisure. I have been
            impressed with the quality of the subject matter presented in the videos. I have already
            used several strategies from the reading programs in my own reading classes. I definitely
            like the fact that one can actually see a teacher and his/her students in a real classroom
            setting in these videos. I highly recommend teachers and administrators to take advantage
            of the L2L programs."

            Penny Cook, Fourth Grade Teacher, Chrisman Elementary,



            "It is easy to view the professional development when your schedule allows. They are all
            well done.  They show practical applications of the various topics discussed."

            Marilyn Fischer, First Grade Teacher, Chrisman Elementary



            "Seeing different approaches modeled by teachers in 'real' classrooms gives me a better
            idea of how to implement new ideas in my own classroom (NCLB Series)-. When a person
            attends a workshop, he or she leaves it with many great new ideas, but with USDLC
            Professional Development, you get an idea of how to manage time, (classroom behaviors,
            etc), because you see it happening rather than hear about it. A great benefit of USDLC
            Professional Development for Chrisman teachers is being able to earn an extra personal
            day.

            Susan Wyatt, Third Grade Teacher, Chrisman Elementary




            SUMMER SCHOOL



           AMDG Course Offerings (Half Unit Credit)**

           Algebra 1A or 1B

           Algebra 2A or 2B

           American Government

           American History A or B

           Biology A or B

           Chemistry A or B

           English 9A or 9B

           English 10A or 10B

           English 11A or 11B (American Literature)

           English 12A or12B (British Literature)

           General Health

           Geometry A or B

                                                         4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0015353
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Psychology A or B

           World Mythology

           World History A or B



           **"A" is the first semester of a course for one-half unit of credit; "B" is the second
           semester.  To enroll in a "B" section, the student must have successfully completed "A".
           No accelerated block formats or AP level courses are offered over the summer.



           Calendar

           June 16: First day of summer session

           June 27: Last day to drop

           July 3:     Midterm / summer session

           July 4: Independence Day

           July 25: Last day of summer session

           August 1:    Final grades issued



           Registrations are currently being accepted and must be received by June 16th. Last day to
           drop summer school courses and receive a full refund is June 27th.



           Fees & Options

           Tuition: $275 per course, per student (Fee includes access to digital text book for core
           courses). Some courses require hard copy books that need to be purchased by the student,
           their school, or guardian prior to the beginning of the course. You can check the course
           text requirements through this link: http://www.niteo.org/vhs/common/books.htm



           To Register

           Email info@usdlc.org or slaplante@tnindspring.com

           Call Sandy LaPlante, USDLC,         888-828-7352




           SPANISH ONLINE STUDENTS WIN AWARD



           On Thursday, April 3, OSU's Spanish Online students from Waurika, Oklahoma, competed in
           the Cameron University Interscholastic Meet in Lawton, OK. Fernanda Gomaz placed first in
           Native Spanish. She says that the Spanish Online course really helped her with the grammar
           portion of the contest. Danielle Howard placed second in Spanish I.



           Another school's feedback about Spanish Online:

                                                                 5




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0015354
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "Great course (Spanish Online) ... one of the best I have facilitated in the course of over
           a decade of distance learning facilitating. Great delivery and instructional staff and
           tutors, experts in their field with a knack for bringing themselves into our classroom.'
           Would highly recommend this course to any."

           Betty Byrum, Online Distance Learning Facilitator

           Perquimans County High School, Hertford, NC




           STUDENT ONLINE COURSES

           Begin Your Planning Now for Next Year



           USDLC has partnership agreements with well- respected , experienced distance learning
           providers to bring you a variety of subject areas, instructional levels, and formats under
           one umbrella.  Whether your students are planning for college or planning to enter the
           workforce, you will find courses to fit their needs . As you plan for next year, visit:
           http://www.usdlc.org/StudentIns/2007-2008/courselisting.jsp



           AMDG is accredited through SACS (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools) and CITA
           (Commission on International and Transregional Accreditation). AMDG offers over 150
           individual online college-prep (Honors, Advanced Placement) or career-tech high school
           courses in the formats of teacher led, "bring your own teacher", or independent study.



           blendedschools.net licenses to districts a package of over 120 online courses, mostly at
           the elementary level but middle and secondary are also represented. You provide the
           teacher. blendedschools.net provides the access to the content and the training.




           eSpindle is an online approach for the development of spelling and vocabulary skills for
           Grades 2-adult. Individual, building level, or district licenses are available. eSpindle
           won a 2006 Parents' Choice Award for its website, a project providing customized
           vocabulary and spelling tutoring.



           Oklahoma State University's K-12 Distance Learning Academy (K-12 DLA) provides 13 online
           dual credit courses, AP Calculus, German (I-IV, AP), and Spanish (I-II) courses.



           www.usdlc.org

           888-828-7352

           infoousdlc.org



           USDLC is a nonprofit, multi-state educational consortium committed to excellence in
           teaching and learning through blended technologies.  USDLC is dedicated to ensuring that
           all students and educators, regardless of circumstance or geographic location, have
                                                            6




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0015355
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           equitable access to high quality education opportunities.



           To unsubscribe to this eNewsletter , email info@usdlc . org with "unsubscribe " in the subject
           line.

           To join this listserv: Email join-usdlc@lists.dpi.state.nc.us and include within the email
           your name/school/district.




                                                          7




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0015356
