Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :   PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.comj
               Sent:    Friday, April 18, 2008 2:35 PM
               To:      Harper; Michael C (AIDEA); Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
               Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Repjohn__harris@legis . state.ak.us;
                        Bunde; Con (LAA); Dyson; Fred (LAA); Welechowski; Bill (LAA); Stevens ; Gary L (LAA); Wilken; Gary
                        R (LAA); Therriault; Gene (LAA); French; Hollis (LAA); Ellis; Johnny (LAA); Elton; Kim S (LAA); Green;
                        Lyda N (LAA); senator thomas_wagoner@legis . state.ak. us; Huggins ; Charlie (LAA)
               Subject : formal request for last or latest state energy assesment or study done
               Date: 4-18-08
               TO: aidea % mike harper and Steve Haagenson
               Ref: formal requet for latest state energy done
               From: Paul D. KEndall

               Gentlemen,
               I am still waiting to hear how you want me to interact with your department.... because i may
               have several questions...

              Can i pick up a copy of your last energy study for the state that has been done... someone told me
              you just did one last year or recently..... and i would like to review that study or as much
              informatioin as i can about the energy needs of Alaska,
              who the players are, and their goals ...

              Also, Mr Haagenson, I am very interested in and committed to a new Alaska energy based
              society and hope to contribute to its formation...In that process, i now expect i may be seeing you
              more often.. perhaps....
              I sincerly hope you understand that i support our govenors intentions and her appointment of
              you....But; that you realize It is my nature to understand and question the nature of plans and
              directions; especially if there is no vision born of the people from an open and sincere dialog..
              I continue to believe that we need a 5 day long, 12 hours a day, panel up and panel down, data
              set, data set, and many discussions peoples energy summit now. On camera, live and open for
              serious unhurried interactive and fearless discussions.....
              I continue to believe we have a lot to do and time is of the essence....and the plan is the key...

              Thank You,

              Paul D . Kendall.

              again, can you have the receptionist call me at my phone and leave me a message as to when i
              can pick up the study or how it should be done....Is this study mentioned on the web site .... or in a
              library ??


              Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0015340
