Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


               Unknown
               From :    Rep. Mary Nelson [Representative _Mary_Nelson@legis.state. ak.us]
               Sent:     Friday, April 18, 2008 2:16 PM
               To:      andora@nushtel.net; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc:      Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                        Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Hoffman; Lyman F (LAA); Edgmon; Bryce E (LAA); Greta Goto; Ev;
                        Haagenson ; Steven H (AIDEA); Harper; Michael C (AIDEA); George Cannelos ; Rehfeld ; Karen J
                        (GOV); Mike Bradner; Tony Izzo; Green; Lyda N (LAA); Harris; John (LAA); Tim Towarek; Sen. Lisa
                        Murkowski; Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Congressman Don Young; Senator Ted-Stevens@senate.gov;
                        Dick Cattanach; Michael Catsi/SWAMC; Todd Radenbaugh; bbtimes@nushtel.com;
                        drumsnews@gci.net; The Council/; Kerttula ; Beth (LAA); Elton; Kim S (LAA); WACDA; Ralph
                        Andersen; Julie Kitka; RuralCap; dhutchinson@knba.org; Gusty; Andrea; talkback@ktuu.com;
                        editor/Juneau Empire ; editor@newsminer. com; fgerjevic@adn.com ; steve. pratt@acsalaska . net; Dig
                        Chamber; Frank Corbin; Meera Kohler; Donna Vukich
               Subject: RE: Welcome to rural Alaska
               Please also keep in mind that most Juneau residents also make about 8 times what a village resident
               makes.
               Mary Nelson


               From : Nels and Dorothy [maiito:andora@nushtel.net]
               Sent: Friday, April 18, 2008 10:26 AM
               To: Governor Palin
               Cc: Lt. Governor Parnell; Commissioner Emil Notti; Michael A Tibbles; Commissioner Tom Irwin; Dep.
               Commissioner Marty Rutherford; Sen. Lyman Hoffman; Rep. Bryce Edgmon; Greta Goto; Ev; Steve
               Haangenson; Mike Harper; George Cannelos; Karen Rehfeld; Mike Bradner; Tony Izzo; Sen. Lyda Green;
               Rep. John Harris; Rep. Mary Nelson; Tim Towarek; Sen. Lisa Murkowski; Sen. Albert Kookesh;
               Congressman Don Young; Senator_Ted-Stevens@senate.gov; Dick Cattanach; Michael Catsl/SWAMC;
               Todd Radenbaugh; Alaska Newspapers; Tundra Drums; The Council/; Rep. Beth Kerttula; Sen. Kim Elton;
               WACDA; Ralph Andersen; Julie Kitka; RuralCap; Dixie Hutchinson; Gusty, Andrea; talkback@ktuu.com;
               editor/Juneau Empire; Editor-News Miner; Editors/Frank Gerjevic; steve.pratt@acsalaska.net; Dig
               Chamber; Frank Corbin; Congressman Don Young; Meera Kohler; Donna Vukich
               Subject: Welcome to rural Alaska



               Governor Sarah Palin
               State of Alaska
               Juneau, Alaska 99811


               Re: Juneau Energy Crisis


               Dear Governor Palin:


               I emphathize and sympathize with Juneau's "Energy Crisis". Welcome to Rural And Remote
               Alaska.

               We have been living under these kinds of conditions for over 7 years with some assistance from
               our state and federal governments.


               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP0I_0015345
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2



               We have accepted heating oil from a dictator because we need to heat our homes.

               This Juneau Empire article says it all for us out here but in some instances magnified by 2 to 3 because
               we are paying much more for our heating fuel, gasoline, diesel, aviation fuel, and propane.

               We need immediate action:

               Please call for a Special Energy Session to declare an Energy Disaster in our state and take the following
               action:

               1) Please, by Executive Order, or legislation, give Mr. Haagenson Cabinet level powers and convert
               AEA into the Dept. of Energy ASAP.

               2) Develop an Alaska Fuel Subsidy Program that will take our Alaska State Royalty Oil, refine it at Flint
               Hills or Nikiski, get the gasoline, diesel, heating oil, aviation fuel, and propane to our communities at
               cost for refining and distribution, and cap the cost of all the fuel at $3.00 a gallon.

               3) Work on an Alaska Sales Tax Waiver Program that would have the State of Alaska reimburse all
               communities that have a sales tax to waive the tax on all electricity and fuel purchases.

               We recognize and appreciate the fact that the state has provided funds for our communities by fully
               funding the PCE program , provided additional energy funds for our schools, and added a significant
               infusion of funds from your revenue sharing program that will all help our villages.

                However, with all of that, we still need massive state and federal intervention that will stop village
               energy refugees from moving from our villages escaping high energy costs, keep our schools from
               closing, and allow our villages to provide basic education, life, health, and public safety services.

               Thank you for listening.

               My best personal regards,

               Nets Anderson, Jr.
               Box 234
               Dillingham, Alaska 99576
               907-842-2366
               andorg@nushtel.net




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0015346
