Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 2:20 PM
             To:                      'erick sabo@hotmail.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Fish-and Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Tuesday, March 25,      2008 2:08 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game



            Web mail from: Erick Sabo

            address: 3123 N. Shirley Tacoma WA 98407




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,



            I have received a copy of a letter sent to Trident's Bristol Bay Fishermen, (which I would
            like to attach and send to you, but am unable to through this service). In any event, on
            the second page of this letter under the heading Ugashik, Trident Seafoods makes clear to
            their fishermen that they:



            1.    Are not going to have sufficient fish buying capacity at Ugashik during the 2008
            fishing season.

            2.     That they see the Ugashik fish as less desireable.

            3.     Due to conditions 1 & 2 the Trident fleet will be smaller than usual at Ugashik




            A number of other fish buyers are either not buying Ugashik fish or will also have a
            reduced buying effort.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014002
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            A small system such as Ugashik cannot experience over escapement without damage to overall
            fish production. Ugashik is just now recovering from over escapement from the 1990's. Yet
            it seems clear that the fishing effort will not be sufficient to handle large numbers of
            fish coming into the Ugashik district. Ugashik will have a serious over escapement problem
            this summer . Undoubtedly, the buyers in Bristol Bay have assured Fish and & Wildlife that
            they can handle the large numbers of fish this summer . But, this will obviously not be the
            case in Ugashik. We will definitely need additional buyers this summer in the Ugashik
            District.



             I personally fish for Icicle , so if I fish Ugashik I would benefit from having fewer
             Trident fishermen in the district , BUT it is not in the best interest of bay fishermen,
             fishery managers , the local Ugashik community or the State of Alaska if we have this kind
             of, or lack of, processing support in Ugashik from one of the largest companies operating
             in the Bay.



             Thank you for considering my comments.




             Sincerely,



            Erick Sabo

            F/V Alsatia




            erick- sabo@hotmail.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014003
