Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Tuesday, March 25, 2008 2:53 PM
            To:                       'nat. wilson@yale.edu'
            Subject :                 RE: Environment


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion , or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail®gov . state . ak.us]

            Sent : Tuesday , March 25 ,    2008 3:33 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject : Environment



            Web mail from : Mr. Nathaniel Wilson

            address : 2420 Glenwood St Anchorage AK 99508




            MESSAGE:

            Hi Sarah Palin,



            I was wondering if you were planning on coming to the Forestry School Governor's
            Conference here at Yale University after the legislative session ends (April 17-18)? I
            know it ' s a long way , but it seems like it would be important for Alaskans to have a
            representative , given the impact climate change or policy aimed at addressing climate
            change might have on the state.



            Also, I ' ve never actually had the chance to see or meet you.



            Nat Wilson ,   Yale '09

            Anchorage, AK



            nat.wilson@yale.edu


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0013999
