Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                Unknown
                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Tuesday, March 25, 2008 3:56 PM
                To:       'Brenda Wall'
                Subject: RE: Bristol Bay
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment



                From: Brenda Wall [mailto:vision_rbw@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 3:46 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Bristol Bay

                Dear Governor Palin,
                I am a small business owner with a drift permit in Bristol Bay. I want to share my deepest
                concerns on the up coming salmon season for 2008. I was reading the latest news on that fishery
                and the concern over the limits that we will endure. A spokesman from one of the canneries said
                that the processors are sure that they can handle the daily catch without limits. They also told us
                the price will be the same as last year!

               Is that an open market price ? The entire west coast harvest of salmon for trollers is shut down.
               The main stem fishery on the Columbia River is shut down. A hand full of salmon have been
               harvest in the estuary fisheries on the Columbia and the price is $ 10.00 per pound. This is not a
               rumor!

               I realize that other fisheries will be open before Bristol Bay but it sure seems strange that wild
               Alaska Salmon so desired by informed consumers in America will bring only 67 cents dock
               price. The Bristol Bay processors will say and do anything to keep this fish price bound with
               an iron fist.

               Please set us free from this Mafia like control! Please bring in processing ships that can bring
               new life to this fishery! Please open the door to price competition!


               Warm Regards,
               Randy & Brenda Wall




               Looking for last minute shopping deals? Find them fast with Yahoo! Search.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014014
