Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                     Tuesday, March 25, 2008 11:58 AM
            To:                       Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
            Subject:                  Re: Coffee?


            No. But come over to the house at six, ok?

             ------Original Message------

            From: Ivy Frye

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Sent:   Mar 25 ,   2008 11:08 AM

            Subject: Coffee?




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 5


                Unknown
                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday , March 26, 2008 8:58 AM
                To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : Mar. 25-31, 2008



                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 11:04 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Mar. 25-31, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see It online.




                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Mar. 25-31, 2008


                HEADLINES...
                1. Lawsuit Targets EPA Over Lack of Superfund Financial
                   Assurance Rules
                2. Developer to Build $45 Million Solar Energy Farm in Rhode
                   Island
                3. Consumer Electronics Assoc . Opposed to Hill E-Waste Concept
                   Paper
                4. Sen . Dingell Concerned About CAFO Reporting Exemption
                5. Electronic Recyclers International Launches 1-800 -Recycling
                6. Gas to Energy from Vermont 's Second Largest Landfill
                7. Covanta 's H-POWER Celebrates Eleven Millionth Ton
                8. CleanTech Biofuels Ready to Commercialize Waste-to-Ethanol
                   Project
                9. Startech Environmental will Partner to Create Carbonless
                   Power System


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 Signup and Unsubscribe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market...
                Market radius reports capture all waste
                operations within a given market. They
                provide analysis of the major players by
                market share, and show historical trends
                of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                to that area. [ Learn More...]




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_ 0014009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 2 of 5




                1. LAWSUIT TARGETS EPA OVER LACK OF SUPERFUND
                   FINANCIAL ASSURANCE RULES
                  Environmentalists have recently filed a lawsuit to force the EPA issue
                  Superfund financial assurance rules as required but never promulgated by
                  the agency in the 22 years since It was supposed to have been done.
                  Earthjustice on behalf of the Sierra Club and other groups filed their suit
                  in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. According
                  to the brief, the bankruptcies of companies like Asarco, the century-old
                  mining giant estimated to be liable for more than $1 billion in
                  environmental cleanup , along with the expiration of the Superfund taxes
                  on industry, underscore the need for the financial assurances as a means
                  of ensuring cleanup costs are not shifted onto citizens ... Read More a


                2. DEVELOPER TO BUILD $45 MILLION SOLAR ENERGY FARM IN
                   RHODE ISLAND
                   New York-based Alico Renewable Energy plans to develop a $45 million
                   solar energy project atop a former hazardous waste site near Coventry,
                   RI. It promises to be the largest solar energy farm east of the Mississippi
                   River. Coventry has agreed to give Allco a 50-year lease and the company
                   has agreed to make payments $200,000 a year or 4% of electricity sales
                   to the town. Allco will also look into whether wind turbines could be placed
                   at the site. In November they proposed to build a major wind farm off the
                   coast of Rhode Island... Read More ,


                3. CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ASSOC . OPPOSED TO HILL E-WASTE
                   CONCEPT PAPER
                  The Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA) opposes an approach to
                  federal e- waste legislation that puts the burden squarely upon
                  manufacturers and brand owners . The concept paper, drafted by Hill
                  staffers is meant as a precursor to "consensus -based " federal legislation.
                  CEA urges an "alternative model," with manufacturers , retailers,
                  consumers and local, state and federal government sharing responsibility.
                  It views the proposal as unbalanced and unfair finding the collection and
                  recycling goals to be arbitrary . Instead CEA suggests that performance
                  requirements be tied to consumer access to recycling . "Whether
                  consumers choose to recycle or not is up to them ," the CEA said. "The
                  industry can only make recycling opportunities available and convenient."
                  The CEA also demands federal preemption of all state laws, including
                  those already in effect , without which will raise costs for manufacturers
                  and confuse consumers ... Read More >,


                4. SEN . DINGELL CONCERNED ABOUT CAFO REPORTING
                   EXEMPTION
                   House Energy & Commerce Committee Chairman John Dingell ( D-MI) is
                   concerned about the US EPA's controversial proposal to exempt
                   concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs) from federal reporting
                   requirements , particularly with regard to requirements under the
                   Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation & Liability Act
                   (CERCLA ) and the Emergency Planning & Community Right -to-Know Act
                   (EPCRA). He could use the oversight capacity of the committee force EPA
                   to comply with the law. Industry officials are reiterating long-standing
                   arguments that CERCLA and EPCRA were Intended to address industrial
                   operations , not agricultural operations ... Read More a


                               ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0014010
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 5



                 the only directory of Its kind and is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
                 facility database of over 7,400 waste processing and disposal facilities
                 across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a powerful
                 research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
                 operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants, materials recovery
                 facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer stations, composting
                 operations and more throughout the entire US. [Learn More...]


                 5. ELECTRONIC RECYCLERS INTERNATIONAL LAUNCHES 1-800-
                    RECYCLING
                    John Shegerian, CEO of Electronic Recyclers International, announced the
                    launch of 1-800-Recycling as a new resource to connect people with
                    responsible recycling solutions. The resource is currently available in
                    California and Massachusetts and will be expanded to cover the entire
                    nation later this year. Shegerian 's record alone is evidence the concept
                    will succeed. He originally bought the failing Computer Recyclers of
                    America in 2002, changed its name , and has turned It into one of the
                    leading e-waste recycling firms in the US. In 2005, he sold a company he
                    co-founded called Financlalaid.com for more than $25 million . He also
                    owns Addicted.com, which has also been very successful... Read More))


                 6. GAS TO ENERGY FROM VERMONT 'S SECOND LARGEST
                    LANDFILL
                    PPL Renewable Energy of Allentown , PA will develop and operate a landfill
                    gas to energy plant at Vermont's second largest landfill in Moretown. The
                    landfill is owned and operated by North East Waste Services which is now
                    part of Highstar Holding Corp . By fall, methane from the landfill will power
                    diesel generators to generate electricity that will be sold to Green
                    Mountain Power. PPL currently has landfill three gas-to-energy projects in
                    Pennsylvania including with the Greater Lebanon Refuse Authority of
                    Lebanon, PA (3.2 MW), the Frey Farm Landfill in Lancaster , PA (3.2 MW),
                    the Northern Tier Landfill in Burlington , PA (800 kW), and two projects in
                    New Jersey Including the Pennsauken Renewable Energy Park ( 2.8 MW),
                    and the Cumberland County Improvement Authority Landfill (4.8
                    MW)...Read More b


                 7. COVANTA' S H-POWER CELEBRATES ELEVEN MILLIONTH TON
                    Covanta Honolulu celebrated its eleven millionth ton of waste converted to
                    energy at to company's H-Power plant over the last eighteen years. That
                    translates into having burned 611 thousand tons of municipal solid waste
                    per year or 1,675 tons per day to generate up to 57 megawatts of energy.
                    It is yeoman's duty serving the needs of more than 850,000 residents and
                    more than six million visitors to the island each year. In the process, the
                    plant has saved hundreds of acres of landfill space and more than 10
                    million barrels of Imported oil.. .Read More


                8. CLEANTECH BIOFUELS READY TO COMMERCIALIZE WASTE-TO-
                   ETHANOL PROJECT
                   Alternative fuels development firm CleanTech Blofuels and engineering
                   firm Merrick & Company are ready to begin operating the first phase of
                   their municipal solid waste-to-ethanol project. CleanTech and Merrick
                   have developed a comprehensive project management plan that will allow
                   CleanTech to move towards the development of commercial municipal
                   solid waste-to-ethanol plants utilizing the company's technologies. Alan
                   Propp, senior technical specialist of Merrick , said "We are very excited to
                   begin evaluating and demonstrating this technology. It has the potential
                   to revolutionize the way American communities deal with their municipal
                   solid waste, while simultaneously producing dean - burning, renewable
                   fuels .".. Read More *



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014011
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 5



                 9. STARTECH ENVIRONMENTAL WILL PARTNER TO CREATE
                    CARBONLESS POWER SYSTEM
                   Wilton, Conn .- based Startech Environmental Corp ., which makes plasma
                   conversion systems that can turn solid waste into hydrogen gas and other
                   benign byproducts, will partner with Algona , Iowa - based Hydrogen Engine
                   Center Inc ., which makes hydrogen powered combustion engines, to
                   market a new waste-to-energy system that combines both technologies.
                   Michael Schiltz, HEC vice president of engine development, said the
                   systems could be used by landfills , for example, to convert garbage into
                   fuel that the landfill can use in engines to generate electricity for its
                   operation or to run engines In its heavy equipment . Stephen Landa, vice
                   president of sales for Startech, said the idea of using hydrogen for
                   vehicles and stationary carbonless power is one of the reasons for the
                   alliance... Read More »


                 Waste Market Overview &             Sias of the Waste Management Industry
                 Outlook                             Hlslodoll and Projected
                                                     oraas)
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the Industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation, collection,
                 processing, recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal, and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment
                 · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection , Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                 ABOUT US
                 Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                 variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                 on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                 can help you.
                 CONTACT US
                 PO Box 40034
                 San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                 Tel 619.793.5190
                 Fax 619.793.4713
                 Email infoCwastebusinessjournal.com.
                 FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                 Forward email



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0014012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                     Page 5 of 5



                 :( UNSUBSCRIBE
                  This email was sent to office_of the_govemor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                  Update Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscribe '" I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                10/23/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0014013
