Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 10:59 AM
            To:                      'alaskandiane@hotmail.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            ---   Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 10:15 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from: Ms. Diane Fielden

            address: 140 S. Leibrock st. Soldotna AK 99669

             1-907-262-1827




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Palin, I just was reading my morning newspaper and I am appaled and heart broken. I
            have met you personaly and found you to be an honest and up front person. I was absolutly
            100% behind you all the way. Today I can not say that. In the Clairion it was stated and I
            quote""$676 million for operation of shooting ranges in Anchorage, Fairbanks and Juneau"
            "and additional money for Troopers, health and social services public affairs office and
            election workers" $676 million! for shooting ranges! I am shocked beyond words. I went to
            Juneau and begged the legislators for $13 million for Comunnity Health Centers to help the
            uninsured and needy people of or state. I walked up and down the halls of offies talk to
            anyone who would listen. I have written and faxed and phone any who was associated with
            State govenment to help us raise monies to update to the mandated electronic records
            system that the govenment has deemed we have. So why would this huge ammount of money be
            set aside for gun r

            anges be higher up the list than CHC's who serve anyone in need, regardless of their
            ability to pay in this Great State of Alaska? I would like to talk face to face with you,
            although I know that will never happen, but woman to woman, I voted for you and until
            today I never regreted it, but today I do. Diane Fielden, Soldotna Alaska



            alaskandiane@hotmail.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014025
