Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 8:54 AM
            To:                      Ivy personal; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Leschper, Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J
                                     (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Senate expands state spending as savings talk dominates


            Ivy's comments here are 100-percent right on. Please use her comments in our response to
            Senate action yesterday. Were we asked anything by reporters? We need to have a public
            statement out about their action, esp considering their success on the floor w/the spin
            re: "the Gov's huge budget- we had to reign her in... she insisted on these
            increases... etc". The public statement needs to go out soon before their spin sticks.

            Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>



            Date: Tue, 25 Mar 2008 09:43:59

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>, K Perry Yahoo
            <krisandclark@yahoo.com>, Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: Senate expands state spending as savings talk dominates




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


        Privileged or Personal Material R Just an      ea , of course.-. . t      ing out ou .




           gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: We're very lucky on that headline- they'll be working OT today
           to spin this as OUR huge budget.

            -----Original Message-----

           From : Ivy Frye



           Date: Tue, 25 Mar 2008 09:19:46
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0014048
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            To:Sarah Palin , Frank Bailey , Kris Perry , Todd Palin

             Subject: Senate expands state spending as savings talk dominates




             I love the headline! The story could have been a little stronger re: the Senate hijacking
             every appropriations bill and then blaming spending on the executive branch, but I won't
             complain too much ( today at least ) because the headline says it all!!! The Senate
             couldn't save a dime if their lives depended on it.



            Senate expands state spending as savings talk dominates



            OPERATING BUDGET :    11.5 percent increase ;   $1 billion added to reserve.

            By ANNE SUTTON

            The Associated Press

            Published : March 25th , 2008 02:13 AM

            Last Modified : March 25th , 2008 02:12 AM



            JUNEAU -- It would have been unthinkable two years ago: lawmakers arguing over whether to
            pad the state savings account with $1 billion or $3 billion on top of several billion
            already proposed.



            Story tools

            Comments

            < href=> E-mail a friend

            < href=> Print

            Digg this

            Seed Newsvine

            Send link via AIM

            Add to My Yahoo!

            Font size : A ( A I A

            But such is the nature of state revenues as money from high oil prices and a new
            production tax continues to cascade into state coffers.

            Given the new fiscal scene , it was savings , not spending , that dominated the legislative
            debate as the Alaska Senate approved an $11 billion operating budget Monday for state
            agencies and K-12 education next year.

            As part of that plan , a bipartisan Senate majority successfully proposed an addition of $1
            billion from next year ' s surplus revenues to the state savings account , the Constitutional
            Budget Reserve Fund.

                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0014049
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Lawmakers are already planning to put at least $ 2.6 billion into the account from this
            year's surplus and another $ 1 billion into a different account.

            Republican minority members said that' s not enough , however.

            Senate Minority Leader Gene Therriault , R-Fairbanks , pointed to a recent report from the
            University of Alaska that says the current rate of state spending is not sustainable.

            He proposed setting aside a total of $ 2.9 billion , adding that the extra money would allow
            the operating budget to pass at the proposed level while leaving another $ 350 million in
            state general funds for the capital budget . " Why wouldn ' t we set it aside?" Therriault
            asked . " If the concern is that we haven ' t done a capital budget yet , I tell you that's
            part of my concern."

            He said he fears a spending free - for-all over construction projects around the state
            because lawmakers have failed to set a spending cap in the capital budget.

            Sen. Bert Stedman, R-Sitka, said lawmakers should wait to put aside additional savings
            until the 2009 supplemental budget in the next legislative session.

            He said volatile oil prices could change the state ' s fiscal picture in a hurry.

            State revenue forecasters last fall projected oil prices would be $ 66 a barrel and, with
            prices continuing to climb, lawmakers are currently building a budget based on $83 a
            barrel. But if prices can go up , they can just as easily go back down , said Stedman. "To
            take the cushion and lock it up in the CBR is irresponsible at best ," he said. "To my
            knowledge , it's never been done in the history of the state to tie the fiscal hands of the
            state so it does not have the ability to maneuver."

            For all the talk about savings , the operating budget, which passed 15-4, is really about
            spending . It would draw about $5 . 2 billion from the general fund , $ 4 billion from other
            state funds and $1 . 7 billion from federal funds . It represents about an 11 . 5 percent
            increase in spending over last year , according to lawmakers.

            Lawmakers also considered adding an extra $20 million to schools through school
            improvement grants.

            Sen. Gary Wilken , R-Fairbanks , withdrew the amendment, however , saying it was his
            understanding that schools would be getting more money through a separate appropriation,
            perhaps as an energy grant . Stedman said an additional appropriation for schools will be
            added in another budget bill.

            The budget includes $ 60 million in revenue sharing and $ 175 million for oil and gas tax
            credits and more than $ 310 million to fund negotiated state employee salary increases.

            At Gov . Sarah Palin ' s request , senators added about $ 13 million to various programs in one
            lump amendment , including $ 6.1 million for outside legal assistance in oil and gas issues,
            $676,000 for operation of shooting ranges in Anchorage , Fairbanks and Juneau and
            additional money for troopers , health and social services public affairs office and
            election workers.

            Lawmakers passed the budget with both majority and minority members warning that spending
            cannot be sustained into the future.

            Even if high oil prices remain , they are expected to be offset by the steady decrease in
            oil production on the North Slope and fiscal experts warn that structural deficits are
            expected three to four years in the future.

           "With the growth that we see and no apparent plan for where total spending is going to end
           up, I'm fearful for what it sets up , perhaps not for this legislature or even the next one
           but certainly for the one after that ," said Therriault.




           Never miss a thing. Make Yahoo your homepage.
                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0014050
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Looking for last minute shopping deals?

            Find them fast with Yahoo ! Search. <http://us.rd.yahoo.com/evt-51734/
            *http :// tools . search . yahoo.com/newsearch / category.php?category=shopping>




                                                             4




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014051
