Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 7:58 AM
            To:                      coppockrv@peoplepc.com
            Subject:                 RE: Elections


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Tuesday, March 25,      2008 8:53 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections




            Web mail from: Mr. Mike Coppock

            address: 3902 Oakcrest Ave Enid OK 73703

             303-330-6854




            MESSAGE:

            I am a writer for NewsMax Magazine . My editor wishes for me to do a profile on Gov. Palin
            for one of the magazine' s summer issues (We're a monthly). I understand the Governor is
            expecting. I can do this interview by phone in April or in person since I will be in
            Juneau the first part of July and the later part of June.

            The nature of the interview would be on national political topis plus her background in
            Alaskan politics.

            NewsMax is a politically conservative publication by nature.

            I am in Denver right now on assignment , but will be back in the Oklahoma office by next
            week.

            Respectfully,

            Mike Coppock



            coppockrv@peoplepc.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014064
