Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 8:00 AM
            To:                      menealjr@mtaonline.net
            Subject:                 RE: Transportation


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need , suggestion , or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 8:22 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Transportation



            Web mail from:    Ms. Rita McNeal

            address: 7012 N.     Saint Herman Street Wasilla AK 99654

             907-373-3860




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,   I am very concerned about the world's growing supply and demand
            constraints on gasoline and diesel. Data from theoildrum.com shows the world peaked on
            production May 2005 and we are seeing consequences now.. Alaska is in a unique position to
            benefit financial and be harmed the greatest by high oil prices. I would like to see the
            budget surplus go to infrastructure and best managing this budget to building an
            infrastructure that makes sense for a Alaskan in a tight transportation fuel world.
            Infrastructure priorities.

            Enhanced community public transportation.  Build more instate pipelines for natural gas.
            Forget the lower 48 and oil industry if they won't play. Commuter rail service within
            southcentral.  Promote alternative energy development and traditional development.   Wind,
            coal, geothermal all should be considered. Promote local agriculture and industry to meet
            Alaskan needs.

            We are in tough financial times and you are in a unique position to set us in better
            standing for a challenging future. You have my support for putting all our surplus into
            infrastructure.  Please do not put it into expanding the state payroll. It needs to be
            pared down not enlarged. Thank you, Rita



            mcnealjr@mtaonline.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014063
