Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Robert Ward [bob@awardcharters.com]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, March 25, 2008 8:10 AM
            To:                      Homer Charter Association (members only); sue.salveson@noaa.gov; Dave Hansen; Jim
                                     Balsiger, Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
            Subject:                 What Now!

            Importance:              High


            All Charters,



            Why can't the council members honor their position to manage the fisheries

            resources for the American People, not just for themselves? The resources

            are not theirs, they belong to all of us.



            Where do we go from here? The council is going to reign down what ever is

            good for the commercials. There is no hope of a fair consideration of our

            position because they are not mandated to do so. They will do what ever it

            takes to protect their riches without regard for their supposed opposition.



            They were given a natural resource that belonged to all of us and there is

            no way in hell they will give any of it back. Therefore asking for more fish

            is equivalent to standing on the street corner with your hand out. As far as

            they are concerned charters have no right to increase their share or ask for

            more fish because we were left out of the original IFQ equation. NMFS

            screwed the charter industry by sitting on the original IFQ motion and now

            the whole industry is in peril. Our only hope is that the council does what

            it will with the allocation and then implements an IFQ type of "historic

            catch" limited entry. Anything less will spell eventual doom to all the

           established small operators. The guy with the biggest boat wins again. The

            size of the boats will increase and the price of a charter will decrease and

           the length of season will shrink.



           Perhaps lawsuits are the only recourse. A suit against NMFS for inaction and

           a suit against the council process as being the tool of the commercials to

           eliminate any competition. it is easier to eliminate charters than to fight

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014056
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            for a reduction of bycatch . That sounds like another lawsuit waiting to be

            filed.



            I will be absolutely stunned if any good comes of April's council meeting..



            Check out the Blog and lets hear some comments . Have you faxed your comments

            to the council yet?



            http :// www.flatfishissues . blogspot.com/



            The above was from a charter operator with more than 25 years of service.




            Please act now, comments must be in to the council by Wednesday , March 26th.

            16 Industry participants from all areas and investment levels had a 3 hour

            teleconference on Monday with this outcome.

                 The consensus of the group on the call was as follows:



                 1.   the industry should highlight the incorrect and missing portions of

            the draft analysis ,    recognizing that this could cause the current timeline

            for Council action to slip;



                 2.   everyone should support the addition of a new fixed pound allocation

            option for analysis that provides enough pounds to:

                               A.   allow the moratorium eligible fleet in both 2C and 3A to

            continue to operate with a two fish daily bag limit and a season of historic

            length, and

                               B.   accommodate the new permits which the Council decided to

            include in the moratorium for eligible communities          ( the CQE permits could

           add up to 72 new permits ,       or 10 percent, in Area 2C ,   and 91 new permits, or

            15 percent ,   in Area 3A ,   each fishing up to six clients); and




                3.    with respect to leasing of IFQ , it was agreed that we would continue

           to discuss the issue internally within the industry over the summer, and in
                                                        2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0014057
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            the meantime everyone would support leaving the option in the analysis, but

            would make clear that IFQ leasing is not a substitute for providing a`

            sufficient fixed pound initial allocation, and people are free to express

            their concerns about the feasibility of leasing as an option (the key.point

            here being that it was agreed we would not let anyone turn IFQ leasing into

            an issue that divides the industry).



            The industry is in peril, and those who put us there have no conscience or

            concern about what they have done because there is no accountability, they

            just go back home at the end of the meeting. This seems to be a real failure

            of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council and we have no ability to

            influence them or the Alaska Governor, she will not have audience with us.

            Please do what you can to get your letters in to the council, at least we

            will be on record of expressing our concerns.



            Thanks and as always we are trying to be there for the betterment of the

            charter industry.



            Robert Ward

            A-WARD CHARTERS

            P. 0. Box 631

            Anchor Point, AK. 99556

            (907) 235-7014 office

            (907) 399-7014 cell

            bob@awardcharters.com

            http://www.awardcharters.com

            31N GOD WE TRUST2

            An AMERICAN Phrase




                                                             3
