Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:      Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:      Tuesday, March 25, 2008 1:05 PM
                  To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                  Subject : EDU Funding: another new blog article

                FROM MCALLISTER'S BLOG:

                Veto vetoed

                Posted: March 25, 2008 11:57 AM


                Apparently the governor blinked.

                Legislative sources say that no deal was cut with Gov. Palin regarding the K-12 funding distribution bill, which
                on Thursday she threatened to veto. On Friday afternoon, the governor issued a news release saying that she
                would in fact sign the bill.

                Legislative leaders said immediately on Thursday that they would override Palin's veto, something that hasn't
                happened since the Knowles administration. (Frank Murkowski always says the news media underplayed that
                part of his administration -- no veto overrides.) The word is that House Speaker. John Harris made this
                override inevitability clear to Palin, and she retreated.

                There was some suggestion that the forthcoming capital budget from the Senate would satisfy Palin's concern
                that the base student allocation would be raised only by $100 a year, rather than $ 200. But I ' m hearing
                that the additional funding rather will just ensure that the $100 is a real number , offsetting the
                reductions that will come through the loss of school improvement grants.

                Palin lost this one, but she cut her losses quickly, possibly minimizing the impact on the public.




                Senate Finance Co-Chairs Lyman Hoffman and Bert Stedman say they're still checking to be sure, but it
                appears that Fiscal Year 2008 will go down as the biggest year in state history for both savings and revenue.
                The Senate has voted to put $4 billion in the Constitutional Budget Reserve and $1 billion in the heretofore-
                little-known Statutory Budget Reserve.

                Hoffman says he's not sure if revenue in inflation-adjusted terms is the most ever. There were some fat years
                in the early 1980s.




                8/28/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014085
