Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Wednesday, March 26, 2008 9:57 AM
                To:       'miles cobbett'
                Subject: RE: Champion ... and Reading together as a Family
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.



                From : miles cobbett [mailto:alaskamiles@yahoo.com)
                Sent, Wednesday, March 26, 2008 12:11 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Re: Champion ... and Reading together as a Family

                Dear and Honorable Governor Sarah Palin

                You are very welcome.

               They say, when opportunity flys near-by to latch on for the adventure.

               I had a great conversation with the Consul General Frantisek Hudak. When he mentioned he was
               here to meet with you, since he seemed like such a nice man, I took the chance and asked him for
               a great favor: Would he please hand carry a copy of Champion... directly to you? He seemed to
               gladly accept my request for such a favor. This made me very happy, and I hope you can accept
               it as my gift to you, and to your family.

               I hope you make the opportunity to read it aloud with your family members. I designed it as a
               read-aloud book for kids, their teachers, and the kids family members. An exciting development
               is that so many adults are liking it too. Just this morning I saw Daniel Julius, the Director of
               Research and Academic Hiring at the University of Alaska, and he has been reading Champion
               as well. I am excited to hear his reading report I still love to hear reading reports from kids, and
               sometimes I am lucky enough to get them from adults too. Daniel has promised to give me his
               when he has finished the book.

               As you probably noticed, I picked Alaska colors for the books cover. I hope people all across
               Alaska, and all over the US, will enjoy reading about a fictional Alaskan character that becomes
               a sports hero. I tell kids, "You know Spider-man? Well this guy is called:
                Ro-Man, or pronounced quickly--- Roman..." The story seems to be catching on quite well here
               in Fairbanks. Just yesterday a little girl seven years old, ( and in the second grade), amazed her
               proud father and I at her ability to read page one --of chapter one--- all by herself. She was
               especially proud to be able to read "A Big Kid's Chapter Book." Since she was such a good
               reader, I gave her an autographed copy. She and her father are here in Alaska as tourists to go
               dog sledding in Tannana, visit Bettles, and now have a copy of my book to read together as
               father and daughter.

               I am proud to say, my book is now selling here in Fairbanks at Guliver's Books, and just last
               week it began to be listed and sold on Amazon.com, so I am excited to see how it does on there



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0014061
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                as well. I have personally sold $2,000 dollars worth of copies out of my own hands since I received my
                first shipment from the publisher just over 7 weeks ago.

               Daniel Julius has told me he will post a Reader Review on Amazon as well as giving one back to me. I
               am excited to see what he has to say . We have had conversations about how he is a picky reader and
               how he is such a huge fan of Leo Tolstoy 's book, The Death of Ivan Illyich so it is a great honor to have
               him consider reading my book Champion A Story of the Happy Life of Roman Lefthanded Losinski.

               As to my background, I graduated University of Alaska Fairbanks in 1994 with dual degrees in
               Psychology (emphasis in motivation and sports psychology), and Sociology (as an older adult). I worked
               most of my summers in Petersburg Alaska for Icicle Seafoods and also with Captain Art Murphy as a
               crewman/helmsman for his South East Alaska Tugboat Company Seakist Towing.
               As citizens of Petersburg, my coffee shop counter pal, Viking Swim Coach John "Tex" Doughtery and
               I, began a youth club in Petersburg that we called the Petersburg Youth Activities Club, (because we
               both felt the teenagers in town needed something positive to do with their time ), and then we staged four
               Petersburg Viking Mini-Triathlons (with participants ranging in age from 8 to 58 ), and held
               various other family sports/picnic activities in the Spring and summer of 1999. He went on to be the
               High School Swim Coach, and between tug boat runs, I took on the task of tutoring kids in Petersburg
               that struggled with reading, math and writing. Later, I went on to accept teaching positions in
               elementary schools in grades 3rd and 4th, and in middle school in grades 7th & 8th in South-Central Los
               Angeles, and in Pomona CA.

               My life is now strictly devoted to writing books for children with the goal of hooking as many kids on
               reading as I can.

               All my best to you and your family,

               I remain respectfully your fellow Alaskan Citizen,

               Miles Cobbett (AlaskaMiles on AuthorNation dot com and at goodreads dot com)

               PS As you probably well know, the word on the street is that we Alaskan Citizens--- mostly, (seems like
               about 99.9% here in Fairbanks), all love the job you are doing as our Governor. Thank you for serving
               our Great State in such an Awesome manner.

               PPS I was at the "Tired Iron Snow Machine Races" the same weekend you were here, and I am proud to
               say that the combined age of my Vintage 440 Moto-Ski Snow Machine and I was 93 years -old... :) Mine
               was one of the "back of the truck racers"---but maybe by next year I will have more free-time to get my
               machine and I ready for Race Day. Pass the word on to Todd to "watch out for'Old Whisker's'
               the rookie Moto-Ski driver," ---that is, if he and I both make it to Tired Iron next year with Vintage
               machines. Please tell him hi for me.
               Miles...




               Never miss a thing . Make Yahoo your homepage.



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP0I_0014062
