Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From :    Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, March 25, 2008 12:57 PM
                  To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                  Cc:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: EDU Funding: new article

                "The subtext here is that Gov. Patin may have been right. She wanted to be fairly generous this
                year (on the scale of the various proposals), and argued that was the only way to get beyond the
                debate over funding and move into the debate over how best to teach Alaska's children.
                Lawmakers went with the cheaper version, and now school districts are saying they don't have
                enough money and lawmakers are debating how to get it to them. School districts still don't know
                how to write their budge .Ls. and school funding risks once again becoming part of the end of the
                session deal-making."
                btip:/inewsminer.comtweblogstcapital-focus/2008/mar/25/how-much-money-will-schools-getl
                How much money will schools get?
                By Stefan Milkowski
                Published Tuesday, March 25, 2008
                Lawmakers are talking about adding money to K-12 education this year, but its unclear how much
                and in what form, and therefore how much school districts will get.
                Last week, Sen. Lyman Hoffman of Bethel talked about giving schools about $20 million as fuel
               grants. In 2007 (the last audited year), school districts spent about $62 million on fuel - Hoffman
               figured the state could pick up a third of it. The money would be distributed based on actual
               spending on fuel, so bigger districts would get more dollars, but districts where fuel was a higher
               percent of the overall budget would fare relatively better.
               Sen. Gary Wilken of Fairbanks pitched a different idea yesterday on the Senate floor - bring back
               the school improvement grants that were doled out last year but dropped this year, also worth $20
               million.
               Each of the proposals can be compared to tacking another $100 onto the base student allocation,
               something Wilken, Gov. Sarah Patin, and others pushed for. That would have put another $22
               million into K-12.
               All three proposals affect different districts differently. Basically, the school improvement grants
               would be best for urban districts, followed by the BSA increase and then the fuel grants. Rural
               districts would benefit most from the fuel grants, then the BSA boost, then the improvement grants.
               (Implementing the ISER study for district cost factors, which accounts for higher fuel costs, is part
               of the new K-12 funding package, but it doesn't kick in for the next few years.)
               There seems to be some disagreement on the issue among members of the Senate majority. At a
               news conference today, Senate President Lyda Green of Wasilla said they would probably dole out
               money on a per-student basis, as the BSA or improvement grants would. Sen. Bert Stedman of
               Sitka chimed in that they were still considering different proposals.



                8/28/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0014083
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


                There's also another idea out there . Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux of Kodiak is sponsoring a bill that
                would cover 50 percent of districts ' fuel costs for 2007 to 2009 - a more generous version of
                Hoffman 's proposal. The bill has a hearing Thursday.
                One key aspect of the proposals being considered now is that they would all be one -time deals,
                whereas the increase in the BSA would have given more money this year and every year after.
                The new K- 12 funding package is stairstepped , with increases to the BSA of $ 100 for each of the
                next three years . But if lawmakers provide "one-time" grants worth the same as a $100 increase
                this year, school districts won't see any increase next year, which means they'll probably push for
                another "one-time" grant.
                The subtext here is that Gov. Palin may have been right She wanted to be fairly generous this
                year (on the scale of the various proposals ), and argued that was the only way to get beyond the
                debate over funding and move into the debate over how best to teach Alaska 's children.
                Lawmakers went with the cheaper version , and now school districts are saying they don't have
                enough money and lawmakers are debating how to get it to them . School districts still don't know
                how to write their budgets , and school funding risks once again becoming part of the end of the
                session deal -making.




                8/28/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014084
