Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                  From:     Pat Murray [mrpm@acsalaska.net]
                  Sent:     Wednesday, March 26, 2008 12:40 PM
                  To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:       Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); mike chenault; tom wagoner,
                            Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Keven Meyer
                  Subject : Fw: Kasilof River Boat Launch

                 - Original Message ---
                 From: Pat Murray
                 To: King. James G (DNR)
                 Sent: Wednesday, March 26, 2008 11:24 AM
                 Subject: Re: Kasilof River Boat Launch

                 Thank You for your response.

                 I agree that a drift boat haulout is needed in the lower Kasilof River. The prospect of a motorboat launch
                 is an entirely different proposition. That is a very alarming scenario for the local residents. The river and
                 the residents have for the most part not had the problems with hydrocarbons from
                 sportsfishing,overcrowding,horsepower limits issues,etc.,that the Kenai is currently experiencing-mainly
                 for lack of motorboat access. As is- one F&G researchers jet boat is heard loudly throughout the area.
                 The possibility of numerous ones is very disturbing indeed! Who will make the call for these concerns-
                 Will jetboats be run anywhere in the river? Will the present drift guides, all "motorup", to compete? Will
                 there be a horsepower limit? Will the river have more bank erosion? Will the beluga whales that feed all
                 the way up the Kasilof River's tidal zone, be impacted?
                 Many many, negative impacts can easily be foreseen. Now would be an excellent time to rethink the
                 funding of the project. If the project did not include a motorboat launch, I could support ill believe the
                 area's fish and wildlife would be more sustainable without the motorboat launch. Just look at the
                 Kenai in July! This Kasilof project will not relieve that pressure, it will only create another
                 problem! Please pass these comments on also.

                 Thank You,
                 Patrick E. Murray
                 Kasilof-resident 18yrs, Kenai peninsula resident 35yrs.
                 ----- Original Message -----

                   From : King. James G (DNR)
                   To: King. James G (DNR)
                   Sent: Wednesday, March 26, 2008 7:25 AM
                   Subject: Kasilof River Boat Launch

                   Hello,

                   I am just letting you know that we will be passing your comments about the proposed Kasilof River Boat
                   Launch on to Fish and Game.

                   James




                 10/23/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0014099
