Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Wednesday, March 26, 2008 2:25 PM
            To:                       'corinsak@gci.ner
            Subject:                  RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, March 26, 2008 3:03 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Lenny Corin

            address: 8201 Summerset Drive Anchorage AK 99518

             907-344-5101




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Palin,



            We met recently at the North Pacific Fishery Management Council meeting and I hope that
            you are displaying on your refrigerator the magnet I gave you from the Maritime National
            Wildlife Refuge!



            I've since retired from the Federal government and would like to make sure you are aware
            of the current inequity that exists for Federal retirees in Alaska compared to the lower
            48 and look for your support for Federal legislation to correct this problem.



            in Alaska and Hawaii Federal employees receive a Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) rather
            than Locality Pay (LP), which applies in the lower 48. The difference is that COLA does
            not apply toward retirement but LP does. For me this means that my pension is around 45%
            rather that 58% of my previous pay. As a result of this inequity, Alaska and Hawaii
            retirees receive the lowest retirement pay in the Nation for their grade and experience
            level. This inequity makes it difficult for retirees to remain in AK. It also makes
            recruitment and retention of experienced Federal employees difficult as employees are
            looking to maximize their retirement benefits toward the end of their careers.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014107
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Why should the State of Alaska care? I believe that the State of Alaska benefits from
            having the best and the brightest managing the extensive Federal estate in Alaska. By
            handicapping Federal managers through this inequitable system Alaska is at a disadvantage
            compared to Federal recruiters in the lower 48.



            By losing retirees from Alaska you also lose money that would otherwise be spend in Alaska
            communities . You also lose an extremely valuable work force of potential community
            volunteers.



            Thank you for your time and I hope that you will support Federal legislation that would
            place Alaska and Hawaii on equal footing with the rest of the Nation by converting our
            current system to Locality Pay. Please also assure that Federal retirees are not
            forgotten . I would hope that for the purpose of pension payments for current retirees
            that COLA can be included in calculations for retirement pay as well.



             Sincerely,



            Lenny Corin




            corinsak@gci.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014108
