Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :      Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Wednesday, March 26, 2008 11:16 AM
                To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon
                           W (GOV)
                Subject: blogs

                Keeping it secret
                By Stefan Milkowski
                Published Tuesday. March 25, 2008
                Sen. Bert Stedman of Sitka today refused to disclose the Senate majority's spending plans
                for the capital budget, or even to say whether the group had set a limit.
                He was asked multiple times by multiple people (including me) at this morning's news
                conference and after. Stedman, who is one of the co-chairs of the Finance Committee, and
                Senate President Lyda Green, both defended the concept of having a big capital budget in
                years when you have high revenues, like this year.
                "A vigorous capital budget is what we need right now," said Green.
                Stedman also said it was hard to set a dollar figure limit when he and others were still
                considering all the funding requests submitted by individual lawmakers for projects.
                But Stedman flatly refused to say whether the majority had set a limit, let alone to share
                what it was. I don't know whether limits were always set in years past, but this year seems
                different. Gov. Sarah Palin and members of the Senate minority have been repeatedly
                calling for some kind of limit, and the potential to spend is high because of the huge budget
                surpluses expected.
                Stedman said later that the "limit" was the amount of money available after savings,
                although it's unclear how much the majority aims to save. He added that he liked the idea of
                the state saving twice as much as it spends.

                McAllister:
                The V word, Chapter V

                Posted : March 25, 2008 06:40 PM


                Rep. Jay Ramras wants it known that he and Gov. Palin are on good terms.

                Ramras continues to suffer from my blog entry, "The V Word," which discussed a bit of word
                association that led him to use the word "vagina," when I meant to indicate "vetoes."

                Ramras and I were talking in the House speaker's chamber just after the governor attended an open
                caucus. Therefore, he had been concerned that she would take offense.

                But she did not. Ramras says that after he wrote her a note of apology, she responded by coming to
                his office with a nice note saying she wasn't offended -- and with a plate and a cookie for him.

                "The governor and I are fine ," Ramras said tonight.

                Which is pretty remarkable, actually, not because of the V word, but because of the M word:


                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0014117
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                McCarthyism , which is what Ramras accused her of leading up to the special session on oil taxes, for allegedly
                associating with corruption anyone who would oppose the tax increase she backed. Palin responded to him at
                the time that there was no need to be paranoid.

                But now he might say there is.

                Sorry, Jay!




                10/23/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014118
