Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, March 26, 2008 9:22 AM
            To:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
            Cc:                      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Natural-Resources




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 6:57 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Natural-Resources



            Web mail from: Ms. Kathleen Menke

            address: PO Box 781 Haines AK 99827




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin:



            Congratulations on your new child on the way. I appreciate the many things you are doing
            to look out for the best interests of Alaskans--especially putting more transparency and
            accountability into natural resource issues.



            Two things you can do better:



            #1 Give more support to the Alaska Marine Highway because this supports locals businesses
            and the economy and provides safe and reliable travel for school teams and for elders.
            AMH is a necessity for outlying communities who must travel to Juneau for medical and
            airport.



            #2 Respect the people of the Alaska's votes on predator control issues. Extend your
            respect for life to respect for all life and nature's balance. As humans in Alaska, we
            need healthy populations in their natural balance, respect for ourselves, each other, and
            for all life. Don't do an end run around the people on this issue,



            ci@akmk.com

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014120
