Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    cindysmi@acsalaska.net
                Sent:     Wednesday, March 26 , 2008 12:22 PM
                To:       King ; James G (DNR)
                Cc:       Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Crome ; Cora J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld ; Karen J (GOV);
                          Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV
                          sponsored ); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : c.smith response /Karen Rehfeld and James King

                March 27, 2008

                Division of Parks and Recreation
                James King, Director

                Alaska Department of Fish and Game/Sport Fish Division
                Charlie Swanton, Director

                Re: Oppose funding Fish & Game proposal #44823, to purchase Trujillo landing for a Lower
                Kasilof motorized Boat Launch

                Mr. King and Mr.Swanton,

                Thank you for responding to my letter.

                It does not seem logical to me that Fish and Game receive funding to buy private property to construct a
                public access motorized boat launch , before their is any public concerns addressed , especially when the
                Trujillo parcel is the target and will have to be accessible through an established neighborhood of over 35
                homeowners . Also, their is a private haulout north of Trujillo landing in Cohoe Cove where a large
                number of drift guide boats pull out now, so to insinuate that losing this haulout would devastate the drift
                fishery is not correct.

                The other huge concern is all the conflicting information we receive by letter or when we have called
                different departments regarding this project , including the comment "that their is nothing on the horizon to
                change the character of the drift boat fishery". According to the appropriation -request for this project it
                states that " boating use will be split between both power and non-motorized craft" and that "it is
                imperative that the public have motorized access to fish for kings and coho salmon ". To me that sounds
                like their will be a change to the character of the fishery users on this river and is going to allow
                powerboat access on the Kasilof River.

                My neighbors and I have received many letters to our correspondence with the same response "that sport
                fishing is an important component of the economy and quality of life on the Kenai Peninsula and boating
                access is an essential ....." What about the people that support this economy and community year
                around . I don't see most of these users in my local grocery store or supporting our economy throughout
                the winter. They make all of their money and then leave the state to spend their proceeds in their own
                community . Do we not have a right to enjoy our neighborhood and community ? We do not feel like we
                have been heard on this issue , especially when we are told that we can have input after they have
                received funding . Where in the private sector do you ever get funding first without an assessment or
                concerns addressed to those that will be affected ? This does not make any sense to me or others, and
                we feel like we are being railroaded.

                Many people in this community are very concerned that F & G wanting to put a public access motorized
                boat launch 3 1/2 miles up the Kasilof River , will bring an entirely new user group that is currently not
                here, of motorized boats with 2 stroke engines that have recently been prohibited for use on the Kenai
                River for Personal Use Fisheries, because of pollution. This will inundate the Kasilof River with these
                same users . I feel this would be devastating to the Kasilof River and our community.

                One of the parcels being targeted by F&G for this boat Launch, is the Trujillo parcel, that is located among



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0014115
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


               35 established homeowners where I have lived for 16 years with all the same neighbors . Their are many people,
               myself included , that walk everyday with their dogs and children year around, but during the summer it is very
               difficult even though Trujillo' s only allow a limited amount of drift guide boats access to his landing , there is still an
               increased amount of traffic that feels too dangerous for me to enjoy walking or riding my horse in my own
               neighborhood . I can only imagine the devastation that will happen , if this public boat launch goes through our
               neighborhood.

               I am concerned that once F&G get funding for this project we will not have a chance to keep it out of our
               neighborhood or protect the Kasilof River . I feel that public concerns should be addressed first and at least some
               limited impact studies done before funding is provided to this proposal.

               Cynthia Smith
               Kasilof Resident

               Attachment of Appropriation Request for F&G #44823




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0014116
