Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, March 26, 2008 7:38 AM
            To:                      Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: CON

            Thanks. And one of the ones suggesting that I get on Meyer about this is Stoltze... and on
            the Senate side Huggins told Anna that he wasn't doing anything with our bill (though he's
            always supported the idea) because I was "inconsiderate" by not giving him a head's up
            that I was introducing it in January (though I talked about it in the State of State, and
            met with Huggins last year on this when he and Bob Lynn told me I'd have to be the one
            introducing it because their bills weren't progressing through the Leg as they'd hoped).
            Odd.



            Huggins didn't have an answer for: if this has been bothering you for all this time and
            has held up the issue on the Senate side, why didn't you "communicate" that to the 3rd
            floor?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 26 Mar 2008 07:15:40

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: CON




           Just responded to your e-mail from last night... I'm on it first thing this a.m. We'll get
           have some answers quickly. Some folks are talking out of both sides of their mouths... if
           I'm to believe what I heard yesterday from Stoltze. I'll get clarity today.. .and it will
           be the first time :)




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Sent : Wed Mar 26   07:09:29 2008

             Subject: CON




            Pls check on Meyer's action on scheduling CON bill today. Wonder why he's sitting on it.
           Thanks
                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0014124
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2
