Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, March 27, 2008 10:05 AM
             To:                      'muhrune@hotmail.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Fish_and_Game


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2008 9:45 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Fish-and-Game



            Web mail from: Ms. Ellen Mannion

            address :    P.O. Box 70128 Fairbanks AK 99707




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov .   Palin,

                I've been told that all the members of the State Board of Game are also members of the
            Alaska Outdoor Council, a group that seems to be interested in the management of game
            solely for the benefit of hunters. I do not believe this to be appropriate. Many of
            Alaska's residents enjoy our wildlife in non-consumptive ways. Our tourist industry also
            requires the presence of more than just moose and caribou in our areas of wilderness. The
            State Board of Game needs a broader view. Much of the depletion of harvestable game
            results from excessive hunting and depletion of habitat but the State Board of Game
            declines to look at these problems because of the blinders they wear. Please make the
            membership of this group more representative of the population of Alaska. Thank you,
            Ellen Mannion



            muhrune@hotmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014145
