Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                 From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:       Thursday, March 27, 2008 1:13 PM
                 To:         Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Child support issue - Privileged or Personal Material Redac,




                From : Rotola, Henriatha L (DOA)
                Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2008 11:44 AM
                To: Kerttula, Beth (LAA); Hauke, Aurora (LAA)
                Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Child support issue - Privileged or Personal Material Redaq'

                Hi Aurora!!!

                I am so happy with the response I received from CSSD Resolution Officer Willis Hauser. I just hope the
                final decision from CSSD is in my favor.

                I want to thank you and Beth for your help once again!!! This is why I always tell people she is the best
                and so is her staff. I really do! You guys are the most caring people FOR THE PEOPLE!!! I have never
                seen anyone handle situations with excellence, speed and accurately while making sure those
                procedures within state government are followed correctly.

                I thank you Beth and your staff!!!


                Henriatha Rotola
                State of Alaska Division of Personnel & Labor Relations
                Resource Payroll Services
                (907) 465-6737
                Fax (907 ) 465-4825



               From : Hauser, Willis A (DOR)
               Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2008 10:40 AM
               To: Rotola, Henriatha L (DOA)
               Subject: Child support issue - Privileged or Personal Material Redacte

                Henriatha,

               We have been in contact with the Department of Juvenile Justice conceming Privileg placement. We
               have received additional information concerning the placement and based on that information I have
               removed the hold on your child support case to allow the child support payments that were holding on the
               case to disbursed to you.

               Child support fo Privile remains owed to you and although there hasn't been a final decision made on the
               placement issue, i seems to be appropriate to disburse the child support to you. The decisions on
               Privile a lacement are being worked by supervisors and managers above me ; however, I will try to keep
               you in rmed based on the information I receive. Hopefully the issue will have a final resolution shortly.

               As soon as I receive a final decision I will let you know.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0014165
