Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Thursday, March 27, 2008 7:31 AM
            To:                       Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
            Cc:                       Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
            Subject:                  Re: FAA Monitoring Station Power Extension Project


            It is a project that we'll fund- tho the Feds should have done so. You can let Beth know
            that. Also, did you tell Gara and Lynn that I do support their Darfur efforts? I spoke to
            Mike Burns, let him know my opinion - it's only $10-12 million in investment so I can not
            imagine why Burns thinks it's worth it to keep the investment when we could find something
            more profitable even, anywhere else in the world.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

            To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

            Sent: Thu Mar 27 07:21:24 2008

            Subject: FW: FAA Monitoring Station Power Extension Project




            From :   Rep. Beth Kerttula [mailto: Representative_Beth Kerttula@legis . state . ak.us]

            Sent :   Thursday, March 27,       2008 7:16 AM

            To: Kelly,    Russell T   (GOV); McCarty,     Hannah    (LAA); Elton,     Kim S   (LAA); Doll, Andrea (LAA)

            Cc: Rehfeld,    Karen J   (GOV); Kiehl,     Jesse W    ( LAA); Hargis ,   Susan   ( LAA); Bomengen ,   Kristen F
            (LAA)

            Subject: RE: FAA Monitoring Station Power Extension Project




            Russ, Karen, and all - thanks again for the good meeting with the Governor. I've been
            asked about it quite a bit, so there may be some news reports, but then again who knows?




                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0014161
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I just wanted to let you know one kind of odd question I got (although I do not think it
             will be reported), and that was about the fact that the electricity to the FAA Tower would
             also get better power to Eaglecrest Ski area. Actually, I had heard that about a year
             ago, but had not thought about nor asked about it since. I think it will, but I'm not
             sure and it is not the reason any of us are asking for the project.




             I just wanted you to hear this from me as I would have told the Governor that this will be
             a side benefit (although again, I don't know how much of one it is) had I thought of it.
             I guess you can tell I have not been downhill skiing very much, although today it sure is
             tempting!!!




            Thanks much, I cannot imagine how much work these meetings are and I really appreciate the
            effort you are making.  Let me know if you would like more information or need anything
            else. Beth




            From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]

            Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2008 7:11 PM

            To: Hannah McCarty

            Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Rep. Beth Kerttula; Jesse Kiehl; Susan Hargis

            Subject: RE: FAA Monitoring Station Power Extension Project



            Thanks, Hannah.




            Russ Kelly



            Legislative Director



            Office of Governor Sarah Palin <http:// gov.state . ak.us/>



            State of Alaska

                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014162
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             (907) 465-4021




             **Please note my new e-mail address :        russ .kelly@alaska.gov




             From :   Hannah McCarty   [ mailto : Hannah McCarty@legis . state . ak.us]

             Sent :   Tuesday, March 25, 2008 2:30 PM

             To: Kelly , Russell T (GOV)

             Cc: Rehfeld , Karen J ( GOV); Kerttula , Beth ( LAA); Kiehl , Jesse W ( LAA); Hargis, Susan
             (LAA)

             Subject :   Re: FAA Monitoring Station Power Extension Project




            Hi Russ - I am following up on the question Governor Palin presented to the Juneau
            delegation regarding the Juneau - Douglas FAA Monitoring Station Electrical Service
            Extension project .  She asked whether the City of Juneau had requested the funding from
            the Federal Aviation Administration .  The City did ask the Congressional Delegation last
            year , but there was no federal funding . There is no reason to expect a federal
            appropriation this year , either . Please let me know if you need any additional
            information on this project or the other three district ' s projects.



            Sincerely,




            Hannah McCarty



            Rep. Beth Kerttula



            State Capital



            Juneau , AK 99801

                                                                  3




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014163
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            (907) 465-4766



            (907) 465-4748 Fax




                                                         4




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0014164
