Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, March 27, 2008 8:44 AM
            To:                      Crome; Cora J (GOV)
            Cc:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Environment




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, March 26, 2008 10:57 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Environment



            Web mail from :    Ms. Sophia Taeschner

            address :   48760 Wendy Lane Soldotna AK 99669

              (907) 252-2256




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,



            My name is Sophia Taeschner and recently me and my partner Bailey Walgenbach have been
            selected as a finalist team for the Caring for the Kenai project . We have very strict time
            barriers holding us from our research , and currently we are trying to gather as much
            federal budget and funding information as we can in this short time that we have to
            prepare for our main and oral presentation . I understand completely that you have
            thousands of stresses to deal with and work with everyday , and many many concerns and e-
            mails to reply to. I just hope that you may find the time to help us in our quest to
            properly inform the judges and the public about how much it would cost to implement our
            eco-friendly proposal.



            Our topic is Bilge Water Disposal . I chose to write about this issue becuase my family
            owns a commercial fishing boat , so i know the difficulties and nuances of keeping it clean
            and smoothly running. Bilge water is dumped illegally by hundreds of boats in the Kachemak
            bay area, and my proposal is to implement a 'Bilge Suck - Out Station ." for convenience, our
            thought is that the necesary suction equipment would simply be added onto an existing fuel
            dock , and our starting point is in the Homer Harbor . The basic idea is that tubing and
            suction will clean out the boats' bilge water , and then work its way through 4 large
            holding tanks , in which the oil decanting process can begin. by the time the oily water
            reaches the 4th tank , most of the oily sludgy toxins have been filtered out, and the rest
            of the water is run through a filter , then the result is clean water that can be deposited
            back into the ocean.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014152
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            of course , in order to make this dream a reality, i would need to get very close cost
            estimates . Im not exactly sure what department deals with marine oil and bilge spills, but
            i would like to know , if in your opinion, the state of Alaska would be willing to fund
            this project ? Any comments or concerns you may have towards our idea would be very helpful
            and insightful for our research purposes . thank you so much for your time.



            --Sincerely,

            Sophia Taeschner



            zomb70@hotmail.com




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0014153
