Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, March 27, 2008 9:58 AM
             To:                      'drewchugach@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2008 3:42 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Legal_and_lawsuits



            Web mail from: Ms. Carol Sanner

             address: P.O. Box 218 Girdwood AK 99587




            MESSAGE:

            I would like to comment on CSHB 256(JUD) which I think is poorly conceived legislation
            even in its current revision which pretends to seek validation from ADF&G on predator
            control.  There have been at least 2 state referenda on predator control and aerial
            hunting of wolves, both of which have demonstrated public opposition for this policy. Yet,
            the Board of Game and the legislature persist in overturning the public will.



            As a wildlife/fisheries biologist for the last 35 years (schooled in Alaska and the Lower
            48), I have worked from the arctic to the tropics, for both state (Alaska), federal, and
            international agencies.  I am a 46- year resident of Alaska from a family who depended on
            moose and caribou for subsistence, but I find these predator control policies appallingly
            archaic. With this legislation, you have set modern wildlife management back at least a
            century to the days of market hunting and government sponsored predator annihilation.



            This policy erroneously and arrogantly presumes that we can somehow artificially sustain
            ungulate populations at some density as if they are cattle in a pasture, isolated from all
            other natural factors.   There is plenty of historical evidence for predator control as an
            ecological disaster.   It is a short termed and short sighted attempt to increase
            opportunity and access to game for a few people in interior Alaska who have considerable
            political clout in the legislature and whose interests are over-represented on the Game
            Board.  In fact, our wildlife resources are to be managed for all its citizens. It is
            politically expedient for you to pay lip service to "subsistence" users, however, it
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014149
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             appears this legislation especially benefits registered big game guides who would become
             the market hunters of wolves and bears, with no guarantee there will be a cause and effect
             between removal of predators and increase in moose or caribou. Eventually there will have
             to be some sacrifices made o

             n the part of bush hunters as human population pressure increases beyond what can be
             compensated for with predator control.



            This is NOT sustained yield management of resources, nor is it scientifically- based
            conservation.  Why bother to even have a Department of Fish and Game with professional
            biologists when you have the Board of Game who may act unchecked? This is purely a
            political power play with our resources, glossed over with a thin veneer of science for
            its justification.  I no longer have any confidence in this system of management when it
            benefits only select user groups and serves only partisan appointees.



            And although Senators Therriault and Wilkens, and I grew up in the same town, we might as
            well have come from different planets, when I see their support for such legislation. it
            is indeed sad that this legislation represents only the most insular and provincial
             example of Alaska's wildlife management and it makes a mockery of resource conservation.



            I am not a protectionist, my entire career has been spent balancing human needs with
            resource protection for the Forest Service, Departments of Fish and Game; Transportation
            and Public Facilities; and the Army Corps of Engineers. But I find this legislation an
            outright abuse of our resource legacy.



            Thanks for the opportunity to comment.



            Carol Jo Sanner



            CC: Sen. Lyda Green, et al.




            drewchugach@acsalaska.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0014150
