Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, March 28, 2008 10:11 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, March 27, 2008 8:42 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Michael Dunphy

            address: 210 McIntosh Lane Salisbury NC 28147

             704-216-2164




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,

            I read an article tonight about your name being mentioned as a possible running mate with
           John McCain. I was intrigued by this because I was not aware of your position as Governor
           of Alaska. I decided to do some research to learn as much about you as I could. As a
           concerned American, I am worried about the state of our Nation. The liberal Democratic
           party is destroying our Nation. I feel that many people have given up on Government and
           that has played in the hands of Liberals who are bent on changing this great Country from
           a democtratic society to a socialist society. We are in dire need of a new direction in
           government It's crucial that we get back to fair and conservative people to lead our
           Nation in these most dangerous of times. I want my Country back while we still have a
           chance to take it back. I want my children and grandchildren to able to live their life in
           a free and democratic society as I have been able to do. We as Americans, have a lot of
           work to do to repair what ills

            the nation. Strong conservative leadership is a must if we are going to survive. I
           respectfully ask you to consider a position of Vice President on the Republican ticket if
           offered . Please pray about it and see if it is something that would be right for you and
           your family. We do need a change in this Nation , but not the type of change that Clinton
           or Obama would bring!



           Regards,

           Michael Dunphy

           Still free at the present time!



                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014198
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            alldawg80@carolina.rr.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0014199
