Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                       Friday, March 28, 2008 9:27 AM
            To:                         Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Ivy personal; K Perry Yahoo; Frank Bailey
            Subject:                    Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2


            it was "stopped" just after we were elected, or right before, when Elton's dog was busted
            on video camera dumping in the hallway. My understanding. And I kinda' doubt the other
            offices have received their citations- or whatever it is from Cowdery- because at least
            one of the offices continues to being in mutts. Funny thing is the third floor has been
            told we do not control activities on any other floor- (that came up in discussions about
            drinking in this state office building)... separation of powers and we're not to tell them
            what they can/can't do... but they can tell us.no pups allowed on our floor. Flippin
            funny.

            Sent from my BlackBerrya device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date :   Fri, 28 Mar 2008     09:11:19

            To:Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>, ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,K Perry Yahoo
            <krisandclark@yahoo.com>, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

            Subject: RE: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




            Ouch Ivy!



           All kidding aside - I believe the doggy crackdown started during/after the Knowles
           administration. He brought he dogs in - which led to staffers and leggies bringing their
           dogs etc etc. Apparently some pooches - of considerable size - were leaving their calling
           cards around the building. I think it was Murkowski who officially put a stop to it.




           ----------------



           From :    Ivy Frye    [mailto:ivyfrye@yahoo.com]

            Sent :     Friday,   March 28 ,   2008 9:07 AM

            To: ExternalEmailgsp ;        K Perry Yahoo; Frank Bailey;         Leighow ,   Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject:      Re: Speaker Harris      / Channel 2

                                                                     1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0014204
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            What the heck is a security report reprimand? You have to absolutely be kidding me!




            So his concern must be that the puppy will "relieve itself" in the building? Kind of the
            pot calling the kettle black if you remember his staff cleaning up a similar mess last
            year--and I'm not talking about from an animal either.




            On a serious note though, has he issued these "reprimands " to Mary Jackson ( Sen Wagoner's
            staff)? She brings her dogs in the building every day! I'd hate for him to be picking and
            choosing who he issues these things too, and especially picking on a little, defenseless
            13 yr old girl (don't tell Willow I ever called her that) as some sort of retaliation
            against not getting pet projects in the supp. Not very fair or appropriate. Perhaps he
            should be asked? And I think I'll talk to Mary too...

             gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote:

            Funny thing for the day - my office got a Security Report Reprimand (bc of Willow sneaking
            in Indi)...it came from COWDBRY! Cracked me up- a reprimand regarding what's right or
            wrong action in the Capitol Building coming from him?! Sheeeeesh . Doesn ' t pack much punch
            coming from a CBC leader and knowing what he allows to go on on the 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 5th
            floor inside these four walls.



             I told Willow she has permission to tell Cowdery (if he ever confronted her) that when
            they committ to stop the boozing in the building, she'll committ to never sneak in her
            three-pound puppy dog after hours. (Not really- she's bringing it back to Wasilla with her
            tonight where she and the pup will stay with Todd as they finish out the school semester-
            since we're not having sp session here until after school lets out.) Funny though.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   Ivy Frye




             Date :   Fri, 28 Mar 2008 09:04:01

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




             Amen!    Your msg is perfect and certainly warranted. Leggies screwing w the budget is a
                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0014205
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            very diplomatic way to put it, if you ask me. It's unheard of what they're doing to the
            budgets.  We will be proactive for you and for the good of our fellow Alaskans!



             I will be on the forefront to let folks know that Harris, Green, Stedman et al do not
            look out for Alaska; these folks walk around with huge chips on their shoulders and no
            foresight on how to progress our state . To them , it's more important to one up the
            governor than look out for their constituents via these projects and various budgets. And
            this being an election year, we'll surely let voters know what they're doing.



             gov.sarah@yahoo . com wrote : Russ- Alaskans get truth out of setting the record straight.
            That ' s why we ' re going to continue to do so.



             All - we need to scoot up those final leggies meetings that I just saw are scheduled for
            next week . The veto of individual projects in the Supplemental have to have time to be put
            in leggies ' capital budget and we can ' t hold on to the projects so long that we're accused
            of playing games with the budget and slowing things down just to screw lawmakers . We know
            that' s what Bert and others are doing to us , but I want the Supplemental taken care of way
            before the April 5 deadline so worthy projects can find supporters to place them in that
            growing '09 Cap Budget.



             Did anyone know Bert released the cap Budget yesterday afternoon ? I did not . I read about
            it's first hearing in the nsp this morning . They stripped things like our pipeline
            training center, but plopped in things like more ski slopes around the state. Ridiculous
            and not in accordance with Alaskan priorities.



             Pls scoot those mtgs up, let's conclude this asap , veto most of the Supplemental and
            encourage them to use all those other "vehicles " that Harris threatens to use anyway to
            grow the state ' s budget.



             We'll need good strategy on messaging this and we ' ll need to sit down with reporters and
            friendly leggies to explain our action.

             Sent from my BlackBerryA ® device from Cellular One



             -----original Message-----

             From :   "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)"



            Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2008 21:34:08

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"

            Subject:    Re: Speaker Harris     / Channel 2




             It's called taking the high road once in a while , but that doesn ' t seem to be good
                                                         3




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014206
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            enough... so, we 'll fight every " he said / she said " battle, I guess . A I'm not sure what the
            people of Alaska get out of it, but that's for another day.




             ----- Original Message -----

             From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             To: Leighow,    Sharon W   (GOV); Todd

             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly,
            Russell T (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B ( GOV); Mason , Janice L (GOV)

             Sent: Thu Mar 27 19:39: 30 2008

             Subject: Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2



             No, thank YOU for being dogged about this and getting McAllister to understand this. Yes,
            I'd be happy to be interviewed by him. Too often the leggies who choose to play this "he-
            said/she-said" game get away with telling untruths... and we're left looking
            "uncommunicative". Lyda's done it numerous times to us, as have others. McAllister's
            interest in this allows us to clear this one up, and more importantly illustrates for him
            what we're up against in this strange political world we're trying to work in. Thank you

             Sent from my BlackBerryA® device from cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"




             Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2008 19:33:22

             To:Sarah Palin , Todd

             Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" ,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" ,"Tibbles, Michael A
            (GOV)" ,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" ,"Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)" ,"Mason, Janice L (GOV)"

             Subject: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




             Governor-

            A

            I spoke with Bill McAllister a few minutes ago and he agreed to do a follow up story on
           the SpeakeraE""s accusation that he didnaE'"t know about the meeting. Russ called Senator
           Therriault and Representative Coghill and they will both confirm on the record that they
           spoke to Speaker Harris about the meeting. A Since we are basically calling Harris out on
           his lie, Bill wants the opportunity to interview Harris on the issue. A I hope I didnaE"t
           overstep - but I promised Bill and interview with you tomorrow.$ Russ said he would be
           happy to take part and talk about the timeline/paper trail. A Thank you.

            A
            A
                                                               4




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0014207
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             A

             Sharon Leighow

             Deputy Press Secretary

             Deputy Communications Director

             A

              (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage

              (907) 465 - 4031 Juneau

              (907) 240-7943 cell

             A

             A




             Be a better friend, newshound , and know-it-all with Yahoo ! Mobile . Try it now.




            Never miss a thing . Make Yahoo your homepage.




                                                           5




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014208
