Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Friday, March 28, 2008 9:57 AM
            To:                      Frank Bailey; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Ivy personal; K Perry Yahoo
            Subject:                 Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2


            I read the report. It's so funny because it's so official... "Willow Palin                    was observed
            sneaking the puppy in... She was observed leaving the building at 1635..."                    (Which is after
            hours considering state employees are "off" after 4:30pm) but I don't want                    anyone to
            request the official report because according to it, Willow had a flippant                    response - like
            "So?". (That's my girl! Nah... but I don't want that part advertised.)



            It is an Ear item if Shelia "gets is"... Cowdey telling a kid what's acceptable and what
            isn't inside these four walls??? Puleeeze. A three-pound puppy vs all the CBC crap that
            he helped dumped around here? And the security report attaches Capitol Building policies
            that include no booze, and smoking only far away from this building- both things violated
            regularly on Cowdery's watch on every other floor besides this third floor.

            Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



            Date: Fri, 28 Mar 2008 10:46:59

            To:"Leighow, Sharon W \(GOV\)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>, ExternalEmailgsp
            <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>, Ivy personal <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>, K Perry Yahoo
            <krisandclark@yahoo.com>

            Subject:   RE: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




            Ohhh yeah...!!!     Exactly what I was thinking.



            "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov> wrote: This would make a great ear
            item!! Just say the word!



            -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto: gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Friday ,   March 28 ,   2008 8:48 AM

           To: Ivy personal; K Perry Yahoo; Frank Bailey; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0014200
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Funny thing for the day - my office got a Security Report Reprimand ( bc of Willow sneaking
            in Indi )... it came from COWDERY ! Cracked me up- a reprimand regarding what ' s right or
            wrong action in the Capitol Building coming from him?! Sheeeeesh . Doesn't pack much punch
            coming from a CBC leader and knowing what he allows to go on on the 1st , 2nd, 4th, and 5th
            floor inside these four walls.



            I told Willow she has permission to tell Cowdery (if he ever confronted her) that when
            they committ to stop the boozing in the building, she'll committ to never sneak in her
            three-pound puppy dog after hours. (Not really- she's bringing it back to Wasilla with her
            tonight where she and the pup will stay with Todd as they finish out the school semester-
            since we 're not having sp session here until after school lets out.) Funny though.

            Sent from my BlackBerryA ® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : Ivy Frye



            Date : Fri, 28 Mar 2008 09:04:01

            To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject : Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2




            Amen!A Your msg is perfect and certainly warranted . A Leggies screwing w the budget is a
            very diplomatic way to put it, if you ask me.A It's unheard of what they ' re doing to the
            budgets . A We will be proactive for you and for the good of our fellow Alaskans!

            A

            I will be on the forefront to let folks know that Harris , Green, Stedman et alA do not
            look out for Alaska ; these folks walk around with huge chips on their shoulders and no
            foresight on how to progress our state . A To them , it's more important to one up the
            governor than look out for their constituents via these projects and various budgets.A
            And this being an election year , we'll surely let voters know what they ' re doing.



            gov.sarah@yahoo . com wrote : Russ - Alaskans get truth out of setting the record straight.
            That ' s why we ' re going to continue to do so.



           All - we need to scoot up those final leggies meetings that I just saw are scheduled for
           next week . The veto of individual projects in the Supplemental have to have time to be put
           in leggies ' capital budget and we can't hold on to the projects so long that we're accused
           of playing games with the budget and slowing things down just to screw lawmakers . We know
           that ' s what Bert and others are doing to us , but I want the Supplemental taken care of way
           before the April 5 deadline so worthy projects can find supporters to place them in that
           growing ' 09 Cap Budget.



           Did anyone know Bert released the Cap Budget yesterday afternoon? I did not . I read about
           it's first hearing in the nsp this morning. They stripped things like our pipeline
           training center, but plopped in things like more ski slopes around the state . Ridiculous
           and not in accordance with Alaskan priorities.
                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014201
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Pls scoot those mtgs up, let's conclude this asap, veto most of the Supplemental and
            encourage them to use all those other "vehicles" that Harris threatens to use anyway to
            grow the state's budget.



            We'll need good strategy on messaging this and we ' ll need to sit down with reporters and
            friendly leggies to explain our action.

            Sent from my BlackBerryA,A® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Kelly, Russell T (GOV)"



            Date: Thu, 27 Mar 2008 21:34:08

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"

            Subject :   Re: Speaker Harris     / Channel 2




            It's called taking the high road once in a while, but that doesn't seem to be good
            enough... so, we 'll fight every "he said/she said" battle, I guess .A,A I'm not sure what
            the people of Alaska get out of it, but that's for another day.




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Todd

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly,
            Russell T (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            Sent: Thu Mar 27 19:39:30 2008

            Subject: Re: Speaker Harris / Channel 2



            No, thank YOU for being dogged about this and getting McAllister to understand this. Yes,
            I'd be happy to be interviewed by him . Too often the leggies who choose to play this "he-
            said/ she-said" game get away with telling untruths... and we're left looking
            "uncommunicative ". Lyda' s done it numerous times to us , as have others . McAllister's
            interest in this allows us to clear this one up , and more importantly illustrates for him
            what we're up against in this strange political world we're trying to work in. Thank you

            Sent from my BlackBerryA,A® device from Cellular One


                                                                3




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014202
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            -----Original Message-----

            From :   " Leighow ,   Sharon W (GOV)"



            Date : Thu, 27 Mar 2008 19:33:22

            To:Sarah Palin , Todd

            Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV )" ," Balash , Joseph R ( GOV)" ,"Tibbles , Michael A
            (GOV)" ,"Kelly , Russell T ( GOV)" ,"Rowland , Mindy B ( GOV)" ,"Mason , Janice L (GOV)"

            Subject : Speaker Harris / Channel 2




            Governor-

            A,A

            I spoke with Bill McAllister a few minutes ago and he agreed to do a follow up story on
            the SpeakerA4a ,-·a,,Gs accusation that he didnApa , -'a,,Gt know about the meeting . Russ called
            Senator Therriault and Representative Coghill and they will both confirm on the record
            that they spoke to Speaker Harris about the meeting . A,A Since we are basically calling
            Harris out on his lie , Bill wants the opportunity to interview Harris on the issue. A,A I
            hope I didnACa,-a,,Ct overstep - but I promised Bill and interview with you tomorrow.A,A
            Russ said he would be happy to take part and talk about the timeline/paper trail.
            A,A Thank you.

            A,A
            A, A
           A, A

            Sharon Leighow

           Deputy Press Secretary

           Deputy Communications Director

           A, A

            (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage

            (907) 465-4031 Juneau

            (907) 240 - 7943 cell

           A's
           A' A




           Be a better friend , newshound , and know- it-all with Yahoo ! Mobile . Try it now.

                                                             4




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0014203
