Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                From :   Lauri Pepi [akpepi@yahoo.com)
                Sent:    Friday, March 28, 2008 4:40 PM
                To:      King; James G (DNR)
                Cc:      Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV);
                         Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV
                         sponsored); Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Re: Kasilof River Boat Launch


                March 28, 2008

                Division of Parks and Recreation
                James King. Director

                Re: Oppose funding Fish and Game proposal #44823, to purchase Trujillo landing for a Lower
                Kasilof motorized Boat Launch

                Mr, King,

                Thank you for your response to my letter. It seems, though, that we hear the same phrase from all
               levels of the state government , that, " sport fishing is an important component of the economy
               and quality of life on the Kenai peninsula and boating access is an essential ...."
               There are many sport accesses and haul out landing already available on the Kasilof river. I
               realize that the primary fishery is a drift boat one, and some of these guides have used Trujillo's
               landing for a haul out. Other haul outs are just upstream and just downstream,both of them
               owned privately. If the state funds and operates another haul out or launch it would be in
               competition with already established launches. Have you asked them how they would feel about
               the added competition?
               As for more boating access to the river: the state fish and game regulations have been the same
               for many many years. " Sport fishing from a motorized boat is not allowed Janl - July 31" .
               But in the appropriation request for this project it states that " boating use will be split between
               both power and non-motorized craft". This does not seem logical to me to push access for boats
               that cannot legally fish there??

               Our neighborhood is very concerned about the possibility of a public boat launch in the midst of
               our 35 quiet homes and streets. Further we and many others are very concerned about the
               negative impact that a new sports fishing user group would have on a river that has not had 2
               stroke engines accessing it before. We are concerned about pollution, a huge increase in noise
               levels for the wildlife here as well as ourselves, but most of all the very lack of any impact
               statements done to show what damages may occur. We are concerned for OUR quality of life
               and the quality of the river more than we are for the sportsfishers.

               I urge you to consider funding impact statements, of how this will change the Kasilof river to
               install a new 2 lane boat launch, as well as how this will impact the 35 long established
               homeowners here in the neighborhood of Trujillo's landing. For now, I strongly oppose the State
               of Alaska buying the Trujillo property or any other property for a power boat launch without
               these studies first.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0014230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


                I appreciate your time, Sincerely, Laurinda Pepi
                akpepi@yahoo.com
                Po Box 316
                Kasilof, Ak.99610


                "King, James G (DNR)"-James.king@alaska.gov> wrote:

                  Dear Kasilof River User:

                  Thank you for your comments concerning a proposed lower Kasilof River Boat Launch. The
                  boat launch is a proposed capital improvement project in the Governor's 2009 Capital Budget
                  (HD-33-35) originating from the Department of Fish and Game for improved sport fish access.
                  No specific site on the lower Kasilof River has been identified although several locations have
                  been evaluated and additional sites are still being considered. The Department of Fish & Game
                  is committed to conducting a public evaluation and planning process if funding is made
                  available.

                  Although the proposed Kasilof River boat launch is a Fish and Game project, the Division of
                  Parks and Outdoor Recreation has been involved with the issue of river access for a number of
                  years. We recognize that sport fishing is an important component of the economy and quality of
                  life on the Kenai Peninsula and boating access is an essential aspect of providing sport fishing
                  opportunity. It would seem logical that because the state provides a launch facility in the upper
                  river for drift boats that we should provide a place for them to get out of the river downstream.
                  If a public launch is developed downstream the Division of Parks would be the likely agency to
                  manage the facility, but as of now no formal agreement has been made.

                  If you have specific concerns regarding the concept, planning and decisions regarding this
                  project, I encourage you to contact the Director of Sport Fish for the Department of Fish and
                  Game, Charlie Swanton. His contact information is:

                  Charlie Swanton, Director
                  Sport Fish Division
                  Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                  1255 W. 8th Street
                  P.O. Box 115525
                  Juneau, AK 998 1 1-5526

                  Or: charles.swanton@alaska.gov

                  Again, thank you for taking the time to provide us your opinion. We will pass your comments
                  on to Fish and Game.

                  Sincerely,

                  James King, Director
                  Division of Parks and Outdoor Recreation




                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0014231
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


                You rock. That ' s why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No Cost.




                 10/23/2009


                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0014232
