Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From :    cindysmi@acsalaska.net
                Sent:      Friday , March 28 , 2008 10:11 AM
                To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:        Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Balash; Joseph R (GOV);
                           Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                Subject : Fw: Kasilof river Boat launch



                        From : Gregory Tressler <gtressler@,mac.com>
                        Date: March 27, 2008 8:15:55 PM ADT
                        To: Charles. Swanton(cialaska.gov, James G (DNR) King <james.kingaalaska.gov>
                        Cc: aknepi(a.yaoo.com
                        Subject : re:Kasilof river Boat launch Proposal #44823

                        Dear James G. King (DNR)

                        Your letter seems to imply that there is only one government provided launch ramp
                        on the Kasilof, when in fact there are two. One is located at the end of Tustumena
                        Road, just down stream from Tustumena Lake and the other one is located
                        downstream at the Sterling highway. There are private boat pull outs located below
                        the Sterling Highway launch. The State proposed launch sites are located below
                        these private enterprises . This would put the State in direct competition, with an
                        unfair advantage of government funding, of these private enterprises. Can the State
                        go into direct competition with private enterprises using tax payer funds?
                        I also wish to once again state my disapproval, as a resident of Coal Creek
                        Subdivision, of a State owned Boat Launch/Campground located at the Trujillo site.
                        I feel the quality of life here will be greatly diminished by this installation.

                        Sincerely;

                        Gregory Tressler

                        PO Box 316 Kasilof, AK
                         ressler@mac,com


                        On Mar 25, 2008, at 3:56 PM, King, James G (DNR) wrote:

                        Dear Kasilof River User:

                        Thank you for your comments concerning a proposed lower Kasilof River Boat
                        Launch. The boat launch is a proposed capital improvement project in the
                        Governor's 2009 Capital Budget (HD-33-35) originating from the Department of
                        Fish and Game for improved sport fish access.
                        No specific site on the lower Kasilof River has been identified although several
                        locations have been evaluated and additional sites are still being considered. The
                        Department of Fish & Game is committed to conducting a public evaluation and
                        planning process if funding is made available.


                10/23/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0014235
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2



                     Although the proposed Kasilof River boat launch is a Fish and Game project, the Division
                     of Parks and Outdoor Recreation has been involved with the issue of river access for a
                     number of years. We recognize that sport fishing is an important component of the economy
                     and quality of life on the Kenai Peninsula and boating access is an essential aspect of
                     providing sport fishing opportunity. It would seem logical that because the state provides a
                     launch facility in the upper river for drift boats that we should provide a place for them to
                     get out of the river downstream.
                     If a public launch is developed downstream the Division of Parks would be the likely
                     agency to manage the facility, but as of now no formal agreement has been made.

                     If you have specific concerns regarding the concept, planning and decisions regarding this
                     project, I encourage you to contact the Director of Sport Fish for the Department of Fish
                     and Game, Charlie Swanton. His contact information is:

                     Charlie Swanton , Director
                     Sport Fish Division
                     Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                     1255 W. 8th Street
                     P.O. Box 115525
                     Juneau, AK 99811-5526

                      Or: charles.swanton@alaska.gov

                     Again, thank you for taking the time to provide us your opinion.

                      Sincerely,

                      James King, Director
                      Division of Parks and Outdoor Recreation




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0014236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                ED Review (03/28/08)                                                                              Pagelof5


                Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Friday, March 28, 2008 10:21 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: [ED_REVIEW] ED Review (03/28/08)



                From: Honeysett, Adam [mailto:Adam.Honeysett@ED.GOV]
                Sent: Friday, March 28, 2008 5:14 AM
                To: ED_REVIEW@USTSERV.ED.GOV
                Subject: [ED_REVIEW] ED Review (03/28/08)



                                                       ED REVIEW
                                                             March 28, 2008

                         ...a bi-weekly update on U.S. Department of Education activities relevant to the
                                Intergovernmental and Corporate community and other stakeholders




               NCLB UPDATE

               On March 18, in Minnesota, Secretary Spellings announced a pilot program whereby up to 10 states
               may differentiate between underperforming schools in need of dramatic interventions and those that
               are closer to meeting the goals of No Child Left Behind. The law currently treats all schools in
               improvement alike. "Differentiated accountability" will allow officials to vary the intensity and type
               of interventions to match the academic reasons that led to a school's identification. And, in states
               with a large percentage of schools identified, it will allow officials to target interventions and
               resources to the schools most in need of reform. However, as the Secretary noted, "This is not one-
               sided flexibility." Indeed, to be eligible for the pilot, states must meet four eligibility criteria:

                    The state' s standards and assessment system must be fully approved (as administered in the
                     2007-08 school year).
                    The state must have no significant monitoring findings related to provisions of No Child Left
                     Behind. (The agency will also take into consideration major monitoring findings related to the
                     Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.)
                    The state must have an approved highly qualified teacher plan.
                    The state must provide timely and transparent Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) data to the
                     public. (States that have more than one non-approved occurrence of late AYP in the past two
                     years are ineligible.)



               Also, the models proposed by states must meet 10 core principles , organized in four categories:

                    Accountability. The state must maintain its current practice for determining AYP and



                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0014237
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                ED Review (03/28/08)                                                                                 Page 2 of 5


                      identifying schools as in need of improvement
                     Differentiation. The state must clearly define its process for categorizing and differentiating among
                       schools.
                     Interventions. The state must dearly define its system of interventions.
                     Restructuring. The state must clearly define the interventions for its lowest-performing schools.



                In addition, the agency will give priority to the following:

                     states that have at least 20% of their Title I schools identified as in need of improvement in the 2007-
                       08 school year and that demonstrate a challenge in providing intensive, meaningful reform to all sites;
                     states that propose to take comprehensive and significant interventions -- such as those used in the
                       restructuring phase -- for the lowest-performing schools earlier in the improvement timeline; and
                     states that propose an innovative model of differentiation as well as system of interventions.



                States that wish to apply and meet the requirements above must submit their proposals by May 2. The
                review process will resemble the process used for the growth model pilot program , with proposals that meet
                the eligibility criteria reviewed by a panel of external experts. The Secretary will approve state models prior to
                the start of the 2008 -09 school year, so that they may be implemented based on results from assessments
                administered in 2007-08. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                http://www.ed.ggv/news /pressreleases/2008/03/03182008.htrnl.

                Winding down their national tour of states to discuss critical issues in K-12 education, the Secretary also
                visited Kentucky (3/19) and Virginia (3/26), and Deputy Secretary Ray Simon visited Indiana (3/25) and
                Maryland (3/26). Between them, they have visited 25 states.

               Meanwhile, the Department awarded $11 million in grants to 39 states to enable them to pay part or all of the
               fees for Advanced Placement (AP) or International Baccalaureate (IB) tests for low-income students. The
               program aims to encourage low-income students to take AP or IB tests and obtain college credit, reducing
               the time and cost required to complete a postsecondary degree. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE
               GO TO httg://www.ed.gov/news/pressreleases/-2008/03/03172008a.html.



               NAEP EXPANSION

               The National Assessment Governing Board (NAGB), which sets policy for the National Assessment of
               Educational Progress (NAEP), has tentatively approved plans for 11 states to take part in a new, twelfth-
               grade version of NAEP in reading and math. (A separate NAEP, the long-term trend, is now given to 17-
               year-olds, but it only produces a nationwide snapshot of data) The test would likely be given in 2009.
               NAGB also approved adding seven big city school districts to the special NAEP for urban school systems.
               Eleven districts took part in the most recent Trial Urban District Assessment (TUDA). Both of these actions
               became possible after an $11 million increase for NAEP and NAGB in last year's budget. FOR MORE
               INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://www.nagb.org/.

               Note: Results from the NAEP writing assessment in eighth - and twelfth-grades will be released on April 3, at
               10:00 a.m. ET. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http:// nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSPOI 0014238
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                ED Review (03/28/08)                                                                                   Page 3 of 5


                GOOD START, GROW SMART

                The next "Education News Parents Can Use" broadcast (April 15, 8:00-9:00 ET) will highlight how No Child
                Left Behind -- through such targeted initiatives as Early Reading First -- supports the teaching of young
                children. It will also showcase a number of other strategic administration initiatives -- including " Good Start,
                Grow Smart" and Head Start -- designed to improve early childhood education and ensure children feel
                confident and ready to learn the first day they step into a classroom . Research proves that what children
                learn before coming to school is vital to their long-term success ; as most parents can attest, the first five years
                of a child's life is a time of tremendous physical , emotional, and social growth . When children are exposed to
                an environment rich in language and literacy interactions and full of opportunities to listen to and use
                language, they can begin to acquire the building blocks for learning how to read . By contrast, children who
                enter school without these skills run a significant risk of starting behind and staying behind . FOR MORE
                INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http ://www.ed. gov/edtv /. (You can watch archived webcasts at
                http://w-%vw.connec tlive.com/ events /ednews/.)



                PRIVACY GUIDANCE

                On March 24, the Department proposed new regulations to clarify when colleges and universities may release
                confidential student information and reassure top officials that they will not face penalties for reporting
                concerns about mentally ill students to appropriate authorities in an emergency. Key adjustments to the
                Family Educational Rzghta and Privacy Act (FERPA) include: (1) when there is an "articulable and significant
                threat" to the health or safety of a student or others, private information may be shared with proper parties,
                such as the student's parents , and (2) if there is a "rational basis " for the school's decision to share sensitive
                material from a student's file, the Department will not "substitute its judgment" about the decision . In reality,
                FERPA has always had an exception for health and safety emergencies, but colleges and universities have
                been wary of invoking it. Comments on these and other proposed changes to FERPA must be received by
                May 8. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                http://www.ed.gov/legislation /`FedRe ' ster/groprule /2008-1/032408a.html.


                Note: The Department is committed to assisting colleges and universities in furnishing students a safe
                environment in which to learn and keeping students, parents, and employees informed about security. FOR
                MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://www.ed.gov/admins /lead/safety/camnus.html.



                DIGEST OF EDUCATION STATISTICS

                The "Digest of Education Statistics, 2007," from the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), is the
                43rd in a series of publications initiated in 1962. Its primary purpose is to provide a compilation of statistical
                information covering the broad field of American education -- from pre-kindergarten through graduate
                school -- drawn from government and private sources, but especially from surveys and other activities
                directed by NCES . The digest contains data on the number of schools , students , and teachers, as well as
                statistics on educational attainment, finances, libraries, technology, and international comparisons . Details on
                population trends, education attitudes, labor force characteristics, and federal funding supplies background
                for evaluating the education data. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
                http://nces .ed.gov/proaams /4kest/---d07/.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0014239
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                ED Review (03/28/08)                                                                                                   Page 4 of 5


                ED PUBS REDESIGN

                The Department's Education Publications (ED PUBS) web site has undergone an extensive redesign , seeking
                to ease the search for publications and present a more visually appealing look. Among other changes, the site
                now spotlights particularly newsworthy items (such as information about new releases), lists "hot topic" items
                by current events and initiatives , and separates publications available in Spanish . FOR MORE
                INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO httg://edgubs.ed.gov/.


                QUOTE TO NOTE

                "Thanks to No Child .Lift Behind, we have collected a wealth of information about where schools are falling
                short, where student needs are not being met, and where more rigor is needed. We've built an appetite for
                change, and we've done a good job of framing the problem . The next step is to use this knowledge to
                customize our efforts to improve .... Going forward, I will continue to partner with those who embrace
                accountability. And, in situations where policies favor the needs of adults over the needs of students, I will
                continue to side with the kids."



                -- Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings (3/18/08), announcing a "differentiated accountability" pilot


                UPCOMING EVENTS

               The Department's Emergency Response and Crisis Management (ERCM) Technical Assistance Center is
               offering representatives from schools and school districts 1.5 day training sessions on emergency
               management. Sessions -- April 10-11 in New Orleans and June 4-5 in San Francisco -- will focus on the
               phases of crisis planning. (1) mitigation/prevention, (2) preparedness, (3) response, and (4) recovery. FOR
               MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http://rems.edgov/index.cfm?event= trainings.                   s

               New Faith-Based and Community Initiative conferences are scheduled for New Orleans (5/29-30),
               Washington, D.C. (6/26-27), Sacramento (8/5), and Dallas (8/29). The conferences are free, but pre-
               registration is required . FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO httR://www.fbci.vov/.

               Over the next two weeks, the Department will be exhibiting at the National Association of Elementary
               School Principals' Annual Convention in Nashville (April 4-8) and the National Council of Teachers of
               Mathematics Annual Meeting in Salt Lake City (April 9-12). If you are attending either of these events, please
               stop by the Department's booth.




               Please feel free to contact the Office of Communications and Outreach with any questions:
               Director, Intergovernmental Affairs -- Rogers Johnson, (202) 401-0026 , mailto:Rogers.Tohnson@ed.eov
               Deputy Director -- Keith Brancato, (202) 401-6178, mailto:Keith.Brancato@ed.g__vo
               Program Analyst -- Adam Honeysett, (202) 401-3003, mailto:Adam.Honeysett(a,ed.gov
               To be added or removed from distribution, or submit comments (we welcome your feedback!),
               contact Adam Honeysett. Or, visit htt^://www.ed.gov/ news/newsletters /edreview/.

               This newsletter contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These
               links are provided for the user's convenience. The U. S. Department of Education does not control or guarantee the accuracy,
               relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information . Furthermore, the inclusion of links is not intended to reflect



                10/23/2009



                                                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI 0014240
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ED Review (03/28/08)                                                                                                    Page 5 of 5


               their importance, not is it intended to endorse any views expressed, or products or services offered, on these sites, or the
               organizations sponsoring the sites.




                10/23/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0014241
