Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Saturday, March 29, 2008 7:41 AM
            To:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
            Subject:                 Fw: Confidential Re: Educ Bd


            Esther Cox let me know last night the bd "unanimously" selected a candidate that was not
            on my, or anyone else I know, radar screen. I've heard subsequently that it was not
            unanimous, so not sure why she portrayed it as such. She told me this with Barb Thompson
            there, and Lynne Smith and Beth standing aside. All of us are shocked - I was especially
            when I responded to Esther that I did not know the candidate so was not comfortable
            accepting his name. She said she didn't know what to do next then, except she would talk
            to their attorney. Then I believe she walked back to their meeting and they gaveled out
            because they had the evening plane to catch. She wasn't happy.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date :   Sat, 29 Mar 2008 15:33:02

            To:"Beth Leschper " <beth.leschper@alaska,. gov>,"Barbara Thompson"
            <barbara . thompson@alaska .gov>,"Lynne Smith" <lynne. smith@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Confidential Re: Educ Bd




            I was told at least two did not vote for him. When she told me it was unanimous I said I
            was "surprised " or "shocked", and since I did not know him I was questioning this because
            the candidate had to fit in the cabinet, represent the new energy, progress , etc that we
            needed.



           She turned to Barb and asked what everyone should do next because they were ready to gavel
           out and hop on the plane... Barb explained Esther could explain this to the board, then
           they gavel out, then make plans to reconvene. Esther said they would also contact their
           attorney. Esther indicated this isn't the way things are normally done, I explained we're
           not doing things as most Gov's have done... I tried to be light hearted about it but was
           so caught off guard with the "it was unanimous" comment - and she handed me a handwritten
           note with his attributes listed, included "feels he can work with the Governor". Feels?



           Amyway, we'll go from here.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

           From :    " Leschper , Beth (GOV)" <beth. leschper@alaska.gov>

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014250
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Date : Fri, 28 Mar 2008 23:58:25

            To: gov . sarah@yahoo . com,"Thompson , Barbara A ( EED)" <barbara . thompson@alaska . gov>,"Smith,
            Lynne M ( GOV)" <lynne . smith@alaska.gov>

            Subject : Re: Educ Bd




            That is what you indicated she said - that it WAS unanimous.

             Is it possible to poll this board?

             I've never encountered anything like this before.




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Thompson, Barbara A (EED); Smith, Lynne M (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Mar 28 20:41:47 2008

             Subject: Educ Bd




             Just heard that the vote for John wasn ' t unanimous - at least two did not vote for him.
            Didn't Ester just say it was unanimous?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014251
