Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Sunday, March 30, 2008 4:15 PM
            To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: PR 08-2534 - Ferry Matanuska conducts successful docking test inPrince Rupert


            Thanks much Randy

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 30 Mar 2008 14:44:53

            To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: FW: PR 08-2534 - Ferry Matanuska conducts successful docking test in

             Prince Rupert




            Governor:




            At 3:00 am last night, AMHS successfully docked the Matanuska at the BC

            Ferries dock.     It appears we can use the BC Ferries dock as an alternate

            while Prince Rupert tries to repair their dock. (Which we lease). This

            will work for April as we only have 8 port calls. It becomes more

            difficult in May when BC Ferries traffic increases and we double our

            port calls.




           DOT and LAW will continue working on all the details with customs,

            security, passengers , and Mayor Pond to make things go as smoothly as

           possible and cover all the legal bases .           Mayor Pond has promised repairs

           will be done by the end of May.          We are asking the Mayor to give us
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0014261
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            weekly updates so we can monitor progress.




            Randy




            From: Wetherell, Roger (DOT sponsored)

            Sent: Sunday, March 30, 2008 2:17 PM

            Subject : PR 08 - 2534 - Ferry Matanuska conducts successful docking test

            in Prince Rupert

            Importance: High




                                               FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE




           No. 08-2534




                                               March 30, 2008




                                                            2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            FOR




            Ferry Matanuska conducts successful docking test in Prince Rupert




              (JUNEAU, Alaska) - The crew aboard the Alaska Marine Highway System

            (AMHS) ferry Matanuska successfully moored at the BC Ferries docking

            facility at about 3 a.m. today.




            AMHS officials tested the facility after learning late Thursday that

            Prince Rupert city officials closed its dock after an engineers ' report

            deemed it unsafe.




            "We're extremely pleased that Matanuska and now the Taku can tie up in

            Prince Rupert and lessen any potential scheduling conflicts for our

           passengers ," said Dennis Hardy, Deputy Commissioner of Marine

            Operations. "Certainly, we appreciate the invaluable cooperation

            exhibited by the BC Ferries leadership and staff."




           AMHS management is advising customers to contact its reservations line

           at 1-800 - 642-0066 or visit its up-to-date website for last minute

           schedule changes .    The web address is:

           http://dot.alaska.gov/amhs/Changes/index.html




                                                                3




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014263
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            "Obviously, there may be some schedule adjustments, but we'll do the

           best we can to accommodate our very patient passengers ," said Hardy.




                                                        4
