Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 8:49 AM
            To:                      Frank Bailey; Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: More Homer Supplemental


            Thanks frank- when we hear things like this from the local elected officials we're paying
            attention to them be we're still seeing inconsistencies with legislator's prirorities and
            the local communities.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



           Date: Mon, 31 Mar 2008 09:38:20

           To:karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov, russ.kelly@alaska.gov, mike.tibbles@alaska.gov

           Cc:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: Fw: More Homer Supplemental




           FYI... perspective from Homer.




           Interesting conversation with Mike Heimbuch on the heels of that 2:1 vote against local
           bonding for Homer projects.  He sits on Homer City Council and said that he can't see
           support for ANY of the capital projects erroneously put into the Sup Budget. In fact only
           thing he'd like to see funded in the Capital Budget is the request for diagnostic
           equipment and that's it.



           He likens this to a rich relative giving large gifts that diminish the value of another
           gift.  He said these large unnecessary appropriations destroy the community's ability to
           get behind, actively work for, and seek out the funding that is truly important to
           them ...as they get addicted to easy handouts. He said the recent vote in Homer against
           bonding was the largest rejection of the "if you build it they will come" entitlement
           mentality he's seen in a long time.



           Mike can't figure out why Gary Stevens and Paul Seaton are gunning for things the
           community doesn ' t want.



           F



                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0014290
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                  i



            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 8:42 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, March 29, 2008 8:05 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Crecente

            address: 248 Waterside Dr Indian Harbour Beach FL 32937




            MESSAGE:

           As you can see, I am not one of your constituents, but I am writing because of the
           possibility of your becoming the VP candidate on the McCain ticket. As noted on the "Draft
           Palin for VP" blog, someone asked what your position on illegal immigration is. I will
           quote his words and ask if you plan to issue any statements on this topic.



           "We need to know where Governor Palin stands on illegal immigration . Not just slogans or
           platitudes or token gestures of enforcement like Romney and others are offering, but
           concrete proposals that will make a big difference now.



           Specifically, does she support completion of the fence and other barriers across the full
           length of the Mexico-US border?



           Will she fight for jobsite raids to find and deport illegals and imprison employers who
           knowingly hire illegals instead of Americans and legal immigrants?



           Will she fight to repeal automatic "birthright" citizenship for children who are born on
           our soil because their parents are here illegally?



           Will she increase funding and staffing for the Border Patrol as much as necessary to seal
           the US-Mexico border?
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1 0014291
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            As President or Vice - President , would she fight to cut off federal funds for cities that
            give sanctuary to illegal aliens?



            And so on . No issue is more important to me than illegal immigration. I'm impressed with
            Governor Palin's record , but we need to hear from her in detail on this critical issue
            before deciding whether she should be in the white House . Thanks..."



            I would be very interested is seeing your comments.




            Joe




            joes . mail.biox@excite.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0014292
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unkno*n

           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 8:39 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Saturday, March 29, 2008 5:57 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Chris Janzen

           address: 2735 Seine Street Kenai AK 99611

             907-283-0250




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           I want to commend you on the fine job you are doing as our first female governor and thank
           you for being a great role model to my little daughter and all of Alaska's girls and
           women. I am glad I voted for you and it is so encouraging to see a strong woman in
           government leadership who is also conservative and puts an emphasis on family. You are
           probably the highest profile working mom in Alaska and I wanted to ask you a question. I
           write a newsletter called SHINE for my church, Kenai New Life Assembly of God, and I often
           write articles about family, faith, patriotism, fun and inspiring things, etc. I am
           planning a special issue for Mother's day and wondered if you could find time to email us
           your thoughts on being a mom; how it has changed you, what you love about it or find
           difficult and planning for the newest one while working in your busy job! I know this is a
           lot to ask, but if you could possibly do just a little write up about your experience as a
           working mom, it would certainly

           be most appreciated. I would be happy to send you examples of this publication if you are
           interested. Your participation would make this year's Mother's Day edition extra special
           for the moms of our congregation. Thank you so much for considering this request. We are
           all proud of you here in Kenai!



           Sincere congratulations for all your success and blessings!



           Chris Janzen


                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0014293
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            2735 Seine Street

            Kenai ,   AK 99611

            (907)283-0250




            janzen . gang@alaska.net



            janzen . gang@alaska.net




                                                        2
