Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 10:09 AM
            To:                      juliusb@comcastnet
            Subject:                 RE: Elections


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Sunday, March 30, 2008 10:14 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections



            Web mail from: Mr. Frank Larson

            address :   120 Bay Ave. Prince Frederick MD 20678

             410-535-5568




            MESSAGE:

            Honorable Governor:                                                  30 March 2008




           This letter is being sent to all Republican Governors.



           We, American Republicans, need your help in electing Senator John McCain our next
           president.



           By not being an active member of McCain's Election Staff, puts you in a unique position of
           providing much needed help to make his trip to the White House a cake-walk.



           Now is the time to start making that cake-walk happen.



           The following are just a few of the democratic party's short comings during their 2008
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014281
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           primary race.



           As Governor of your state and working with other Republican governors, you are in a
           position to bring these adverse, misleading issues and errors out in broad daylight for
           all to see and understand.



            Coming from you to the people that put you in office means so much.



           You, Republican Governors, are in a position to maintain a Republican President in the
           White House and America needs you now more than at any other time in our history.



           Thank you, and please read this entire email.



           The Dean of the Democratic Party: (Howard Dean) that is!



           Dean, the democratic leader, is requesting that Hillary and Barack cool their heals and
           stop picking at each other.



           In other words, to stop their bickering back and forth and quit acting like kids.



           Dean went on to say "he wasn't worried that his party would implode during this primary".
           If that statement were true ... Why would he try to clamp his 2 candidates mouths shut???



           If Clinton and Obama stop pointing out each other's differences and short comings, how are
           the people to decide which one to vote for?



           Dean realizes that the democrats have not one but several problems facing them during this
           primary.   (All their own undoing)



           During an interview with CNN, Dean denied his party's presidential nomination process was
           "A MESS" ... But ... Senator Bill Nelson of Florida said ... "If nothing else, this
           democratic primary election has provided further evidence that our system is broken". If
           it's broken, it's flawed, if it's flawed it's in disarray, if it's in disarray it's a
           mess ; at least that's how I see it!



           Before the Florida and Michigan primaries, Dean said both states would not be allowed to
           seat their delegates.. Now he is saying they will be seated at the national convention.
           This is a reversal of the democratic party rules and policy. (Another part of a bigger
           mess)



           What Dean said was ... "I think the delegates are eventually going to be seated in Florida
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014282
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            and Michigan ... As soon as we get an agreement among the 2 candidates how to do that.



            Say What? Is Dean     implying that the 2 candidates will be telling the democratic national
            convention how to     pick a candidate ? This is what happens when you mess around with
            election laws ...     You create problems where none existed before the change .  ( Unable to
            leave well enough     alone ... Creating even more of a mess)



            You can not punish the people for something the state ( S) did, especially taking away their
            voting rights . we are guaranteed , " One person , One vote".



            It is already being circulated by the national media that at this time , if Clinton wins
            the democratic nomination , 16W of the Obama voters will vote for McCain and the same would
            happen if Obama wins . ( Another costly mess for the democrats)



            Let's not forget , the democrat ' s 2 candidates have severe problems with their mentality
            ... One (Hillary ) has a problem with telling the truth ... While the other one (Obama)
            adores and still supports a racist .    ( As covered by the national media this past week.)
            This is many times worst than a mess!



            With all this melancholia , depression like atmosphere within the democratic party and it's
            leadership , how can this flip - flop party expect to pick a " descent" individual to run for
            the presidency of the United States ?    It's impossible!



            Honest leadership isn't showing it ' s face anywhere you look in the democratic party. Like
            I said before , ( it's their own undoing).



            (It's my opinion they made a big stinking mess of this whole primary!)



            That's the way I see it and May God Bless America.



            Frank J. Larson

            120 Bay Ave.

            Price Frederick , Md. 20678-4484

            410-535-5568

            juliusb@comcast.net



            juliusb@comcast.net




                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0014283
