Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 10:12 AM
            To:                      civileader@yahoo.com
            Subject:                 RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, March 30, 2008 11:18 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Legal_and lawsuits



           Web mail from: Ms. Tammie Coffey

           address: Po Box 7481 Tempe AZ 85281

             6026144097




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Sara,

           Hello.   I live in Arizona and have learned that Senator McCain is considering you for a
           running mate.   Perhaps the smartest decision the party has made thus far, in my humble
           opinion.   I am curious to know more about your climb in politics, and wonder if you might
           tell more about what is really involved in getting a person elected in the first place.
           This true process, I believe is in part why our system of government is such a circus.
           Many Americans do not want to understand the "process" they want our politicians on a
           pedastal but I am of the opinion that this is a very big mistake on our part. I was
           talking to a woman a few days ago, about organized crime, and she was sure that they have
           nothing to do with politics in America. Quashing this illusion and bringing to light the
           actual process I believe is where the real power rests to launch our country into new
           global markets.   Many will need to be educated on how those balls get set into motion, and
           why people do what they do in

            the name of "freedom". We have a long history of walking over people to put people in
           office in this country, if you were to be honest with the public about the process it is
           believed that you will be the best possible canidate for McCains ticket and you could turn
           his campaign around- he needs your face to offset his (just being honest). The only
           problem we will all have is in getting involved in this bickering going on now about race
           and discrimination.

           I urge you to be the voice of reason regarding that bickering in our Nation, and direct
           McCain away from the war related issues and put forth a REAL energy solution. IF the two
           of yu can sell us on a REAL energy solution McCain will take the White House, if the
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014279
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            battle over race and minorities continue we are headed for civil war in this country I
            fear.

            Please put a bug in the ear of McCain an Bush to prepare our Nation for the first Black
            President this should quash all the "hate rhetoric " by default . A welcome speach tha
            celebrates this exciting time to work and rework our inner conflicts in ou own backyard is
            the ONLY sensible ideology to promote and to encourage McCain to promote.

            I am sure that politics is a circus - people do terrible things to get people elected- they
            use people , take ideas , steal writtings, whatever it takes- it makes everyone look bad-

            In closing tell us all what you are going to do to change the "process " this will make you
            different in a race that needs a new direction.

            Good luck if you are selected - it will improve his campaign 100%




            civileader@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014280
