Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 8:30 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, March 28, 2008 7:07 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Jason Zielonka

           address: 333 Dorset Court Doylestown PA 18901

             9178564852




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin:



           First congratulatons on the upcoming event for your family. I hope it all proceeds safely
           and smoothly. Such things should be private, but for a public official, I'm not certain
           that word exists. In any case, best wishes to you and your family.



           I was tempted to list the topic as "elections" but I suspect you want to reserve that for
           Alaska elections. I'm interested in finding out whether there is anyone on your staff who
           could be contacted about the interest in you for the Republican VP nomination. I am a
           registered Republican in PA and frankly, I like your views as stated publicly and think
           you would make an excellent candidate. I want to know how I can help advance that
           candidacy and if there is anyone you could refer me to, I'd be most appreciative. I've
           found the websites and the various blogs, but they are all unofficial and aside from
           creating a very local interest, they don't really create a national network. So far as I
           know you don't have a website or an organized committee to explore possibilities, but I'm
           hoping there is someone, even unofficially, who may have something organized for your
           behalf.



           If you can't refer me to them, could you at least pass my name, email and/or cell phone on
           to them?



           Thanks in advance and best of luck!
                                                                 i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014295
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Regards,



            Jason



            Jason Zielonka, MD

            Senior Director, Trial Methodology

            Ortho-McNeil Janssen Scientific Affairs

            Titusville, NJ

            a J&J Company



            jasonz@alum.mit.edu




                                                          2
