Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, March 31, 2008 9:25 AM
            To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject :                Re: Supplemental Capital Budget


            What was their committment? Do they now want all those items we're taking out of the
            supplemental, due to our understanding that they're not palmer"s top priority- esp the
            bleachers, recycling and performing arts? And their street isn't even in the supplemental.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>




            Date: Mon, 31 Mar 2008 08:56:07

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: Fw Supplemental Capital Budget




           FYI in case this gets brought up if you meet w/Lyda. As I relayed to John, Bill Allen has
           not discussed supplemental w/me.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             To: 'jcombs@mtaonline.net' <jcombs@mtaonline.net>

             Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

             Sent: Mon Mar 31 08:52:11 2008

             Subject: Re: Supplemental Capital Budget



            Mayor Combs,



            Thank you for your kind email. I'll be sure to relay your commitment to Governor Palin.



            I have not spoken to Mr. Allen on the supplemental budget. I'm copying Karen Rehfeld,
           Director of OMB, on this email.



            Thank you,
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014287
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Kris Perry



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: John Combs <jcombs@mtaonline.net>

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Cc: ballen@palmerak.org <ballen@palmerak.org>

             Sent: Sat Mar 29 13:34:55 2008

             Subject: Supplemental Capital Budget



             Dear Director Perry,




               I know that our manager, Bill Allen, has already conveyed to you the supplemental
            budget items pertaining to the City of Palmer.



             At my direction, the manager pointed out the needs of the Mat-Su Miners, Palmer Arts
            Council, Valley Community for Recycling Solutions,



             improvement to the Palmer High School Bleachers, and $5 Million to further development
            the Evergreen-Dogwood Couplet involving the east end of the Palmer-Wasilla Highway.




              I just wanted to take a moment of your time Kris to thank you and the Governor for your
           attention to the City of Palmer which is the service center for about 21,000 people that
           surround the City . I have genuinely enjoyed our relationship with the Governor and her
           staff and truly believe in her administration.




              I would like to ask a favor: Please relay to the Governor my steadfast commitment to
           the Palin administration and know that I can be counted on anytime for anything if she
           needs me.




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0014288
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Most sincerely,




             John Combs



             Mayor for the City of Palmer




             If you wish to reply, please send it to my office e-mail: jcombs@palmerak.org



             Thank you.




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014289
