Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From:    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON].
                  Sent:    Monday, March 31, 200811:12 AM
                  To:      Sarah Palin; Todd
                  Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject FW: NGA Annual Meeting July 11-14, 2008 in Philadelphia

                Here is the email copy of the draft agenda for NGA - July 11-14. Janice


                From: Dotchin, Susan [mailto:SDotchin@NGA.ORG]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 8:39 AM
               To: Scheduling Contacts
               Subject: NGA Annual Meeting July 11-14, 2008 in Philadelphia

                To All Governors' Scheduling Contacts

                Attached is a draft program for the National Governors Association (NGA) Centennial Meeting in Philadelphia,
                Pennsylvania, on July 11-14, 2008. NGA is planning a day of special events on Saturday, July 12, in Philadelphia's
                outstanding Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts to honor all current and former governors.

               All governors will be seated on a specially designed stage in a tiered-theater style, allowing everyone an opportunity to
               participate in the discussions and be visible by all meeting attendees and multiple television cameras. Discussions will be
               moderated by award-winning journalists and both President Bush and Clinton have been invited to be part of the day. The
               spouses of current and former governors will have opportunities during the day to renew acquaintances and will be seated
               together in a prominent location during the day's business sessions.

               A private luncheon for current and former governors and their spouses will be held between the business sessions.
               Following the afternoon session, all governors and their spouses are invited to a reception and private tour at the Liberty
               Bell Pavilion followed by a closing centennial celebration at the National Constitution Center.

               We hope this advance information about the meeting program will assist you in your scheduling. To finalize our plans for
               the day, as well as design the staging and seating layouts, we would like to know as soon as possible if you anticipate your
               governor attending the annual meeting, and particularly, participating in the activities on July 12. Thanks, in advance, for
               this information. Additional details will be sent to you as soon as they are available.

               In the meantime, let me know if you have any questions.

               Susan Dotchin
               Director, NGA Conference Management
               National Governors Association
               (202) 624-5327
               email: sdotchin@nga.org




               You are currently subscribed to [contact-scheduling] as janice .mason@alaska.gov.
               To unsubscribe , send a blank email to leave -128291-97128T(atalk. nga.org.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0014305
