Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                     Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     .GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
            Sent:                     Monday, March 31 , 2008 8:29 AM
            To:                       'g ov. sarah@yahoo. com'
            Subject:                  Re: Confidential Re: Educ Bd

         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            ----- Original Message.-----

            From: gov.sarah@yyahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

            Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Smith, Lynne M (GOV); Thompson, Barbara A (EED)

            Sent: Sun Mar 30 17:54:39 2008

            Subject: Fw: Confidential Re: Educ Bd


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



            Date: Sun, 30 Mar 2008 18:52:27

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: Confidential Re: Educ Bd




                                                                                      Privileged or Personal Material Redact
            The student voting piece is accurate per both Pat and Phil.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted   Privileged or Personal Material P




           Roster:

           http:// www.gov.state . ak.us / boards / rosters / board029.html
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014297
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Fact sheet pulled from statute that shows composition of the board & function:

            http :// gov.state . ak.us / boards / factsheet . php?i=029



            "Description : 7 members appointed by governor: with consideration of recommendations made
            by recognized educational associations in the state ; 1 representing each judicial
            district; 3 at-large ; at least 1 representing regional educational attendance areas. Board
            designates chair. Members serve at pleasure of the Governor . ( Non-voting advisory members
            include: student representative nominated by the Board of Directors of the Alaska
            Association of Student Governments and selected by the board ; and military representative
            nominated by the ranking General of the Alaska Command and selected by the board -- 4 AAC
            03.025 ). Student representative serves 1 - year term beginning July 1 and expiring June 30.

            Function : Regulates public elementary and secondary education in Alaska , and regulates the
            state library , museums and archives . Appoints the Commissioner of Education & Early
            Development with the governor ' s approval . Approves the department ' s budget . Establishes
            statewide goals for education and requires each school district governing body to adopt
            goals . Serves as governing body for Mt. Edgecumbe High School . May adopt bylaws for the
            management of the department."F



            go_v.sarah@vahoo-com wrote: Now I find out that only          four bd members actually wanted John.
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted             Privileged or Personal Ma


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date :   Sat, 29 Mar 2008   15:33:02

            To:"Beth Leschper "     " Barbara Thompson "    " Lynne Smith"

            Subject :   Confidential Re: Educ Bd




            I was told at least two did not vote for him . When she told me it was unanimous I said I
            was "surprised " or "shocked ", and since I did not know him I was questioning this because
            the candidate had to fit in the cabinet , represent the new energy , progress , etc that we
            needed.



           She turned to Barb and asked what everyone should do next because they were ready to gavel
           out and hop on the plane ... Barb explained Esther could explain this to the board, then
           they gavel out, then make plans to reconvene . Esther said they would also contact their
           attorney . Esther indicated this isn 't the way things are normally done , I explained we're
           not doing things as most Gov ' s have done... I tried to be light hearted about it but was
           so caught off guard with the "it was unanimous " comment - and she handed me a handwritten
                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            note with his attributes listed, included " feels he can work with the Governor".             Feels?



            Amyway, we'll go from here.

            Sent from my BlackBerry © device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leschper, Beth (GOV)"




            Date :   Fri, 28 Mar 2008 23:58:25

            To:gov.sarah @yahoo.com ," Thompson, Barbara A   ( EED)" ,"Smith ,   Lynne M (GOV)"

            Subject: Re :   Educ Bd




            That is what you indicated she said - that it WAS unanimous.

             Is it possible to poll this board?

             I've never encountered anything like this before.




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             To: Thompson, Barbara A (EED); Smith, Lynne M (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Mar 28 20:41:47 2008

             Subject: Educ Bd



            Just heard that the vote for John wasn ' t unanimous - at least two did not vote for him.
           Didn ' t Ester just say it was unanimous?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0014299
