Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                          I
                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown
                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, April 01, 2008 10:22 AM
                 To:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka, Rebecca Logan, & Liz
                          Vazquez
                 No worries, it happens all the time.


                 From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 10:08 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: RE: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka, Rebecca Logan, & Liz
                Vazquez

                 Oops!


                From : Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 9:59 AM
                To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka, Rebecca Logan, & Liz
                Vazquez

                Did you mean to email this to the Gov's account?


                From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 9:40 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka, Rebecca Logan, & Liz
                Vazquez

                Thank you for your email concerning the mailer that was recently sent to Chugach
                customers . Governor Palin has not endorsed any candidate running for the Chugach Electric
                board . While misleading, the candidates did not do anything illegal by using the Governor's
                official portrait and a quote from her. I appreciate that you took the time to contact our
                office.

                Regards,


                Sharon Leighow
                Deputy Press Secretary
                Deputy Communications Director

                (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage
                (907) 465-4031 Juneau
                (907) 240 - 7943 cell




                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 9:27 AM


                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1 0014319
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 3


                 To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                 Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka , Rebecca Logan, & Liz
                 Vazquez




                 From : Lee Ann Kreig [mailto:Ieeann@kreig.com]
                 Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 12:10 AM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Misuse of your photo & mistatement of facts to defeat Uwe Kalenka, Rebecca Logan, & Liz Vazquez

                 Dear Governor Palin,

                 We received an 8"x10 " card Friday from the Chugach Action Committee endorsing Wiggin , Reiser, and
                 Izzo for the Chugach Electric board of directors with your beautiful photo on it, implying that you hold an
                 opinion on renewable energy that is opposed to Uwe Kalenka's and the other incumbents running for
                 re-election , Rebecca Logan and Liz Vazquez . Nothing could be further from the truth . Those running
                 the deceptive card know it, yet they would use your photo to deceive the voters into thinking that you
                 endorse their people . Every day thousands of ballots are being cast , and as a most beloved governor,
                 known for your honesty and love for this state , your opinion matters greatly to the voters. card

                 I think you know that Uwe , Rebecca , and Liz are certainly not anti-worker nor anti-union - the
                 employees have the right to be represented . But we are opposed to their being on both sides of the
                 bargaining table . We believe that the board should represent the 70 , 000 members of the cooperative
                 and that the co-op should be run as efficiently as possible . People are really hurting from the high cost
                 of their utilities and so much of it is waste ! Uwe, Rebecca , and Liz are trying to add fiscal responsibility
                 to the co-op. They are willing to look at all options for power generation and all options for working with
                 other utilities to lower the cost of doing business and maintain system reliability . They are opposed
                 every step of the way for the good work that they do.

                 So please understand my position as not anti -IBEW when I point out that Wiggin , Reiser, and Izzo's
                 campaign is supported by IBEW Union . In 2006 , Larry Bell crowed about the IBEW Union employees
                 getting their guys , Jeff Lipscomb and Jim Nordlund , on the board . Jeff and Jim are members of the
                 other IBEW front group , Chugach Reliability Group . The two groups are one and the same. Their
                 campaign is one and the same.
                 hftl2:/twww. chugachconsumers .ora/lib/ibew2cac.htm

                 Wiggin , Reiser, and Izzo have run nothing but lies on TV and radio . We estimate from media buys on
                 TV and radio , the quality of mailers and ad production that they are spending about $400,000 to buy
                 these three board seats . They are blasting the airwaves with lies and innuendo . They even passed out
                 flyers at church yesterday at ABT ' s candidate Sunday that was nothing but outright lies. They have no
                 shame at all . If you have seen any of the ads , you may even be asking yourself , what is the truth? The
                 following link addresses the firings", Liz's expense report , and Uwe 's true stance on renewable
                 energy ... the rest of the story . I hope you will read it for the sake of these three very good people,
                 Uwe, Rebecca , and Liz.

                 hftp://www. chugachconsumers . org/Lib/cc2008TruthRe2ortSHORT3.Dd f
                 I am sure that you understand the importance of having good leaders at the helm of Chugach. I know
                 that if there is something that you can do to undo the harm of the misuse of your photo , you will do it.
                 But more than anything , I would hope you will share my admiration and respect for our candidates no
                 matter what the results of this election . They are three of the most fantastic people I know and I am
                 proud to be promoting them as candidates.



                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1 _0014320
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3



                 Thank you,
                 Lee Ann Kreig
                 Chugach Consumers




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                    P RA_G S P01 _0014321
