  Unknown
   From:   Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
   Sent:   Thursday , May 22, 2008 10:09 AM
   To:     'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
   Subject : FW: PR 08-077 Governor Palin Announces Board Appointments 052108
  Todd,

  Presser for Casey Williams at the bottom. Thanks!

  F


  From : Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV) [mailto:jessalynn.rintala@alaska.gov]
  Sent: Wednesday, May 21, 2008 3:53 PM
  To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
  Cc: Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV)
  Subject: PR 08-077 Governor Palin Announces Board Appointments 052108




  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                              No . 08-077

                     Governor Palin Announces Board Appointments

  May 21, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced appointments to
  the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education, Alaska Municipal Bond Bank Authority,
  Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority and the Alaska-Alberta Bilateral Council.

                       Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education

  Governor Palin appointed Hugh "Noel" Grant and reappointed Dr. Spike Jorgensen to the
  Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education.

  The 14-member ACPE, seven of which are appointed by the governor, administers the
  Alaska Student Loan programs, as well as authorizes new facilities and programs.

  Grant, of Juneau, is a property and land developer. Since 1961, he has owned various
  businesses in Juneau including D.J.G Development and Western Auto Marine. Grant has
  served on the Juneau Planning Commission and the Juneau Personnel Board for 10 years,
  and served one the City and Borough of Juneau Assembly. He currently serves on the
  Board of Directors for Alaska Pacific Bank, a post he has held since 1990.

  Jorgensen, of Tok, is a senior partner and education consultant with Harold Webb Associates
  Ltd. Alaska. He is a former superintendent of the Alaska Gateway School District, a position
  he held from 1979 to 1995, and a former adjunct professor in Education at the University of


                                                                                   ROSTON 02504
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Alaska Fairbanks. Jorgensen has been an educator since 1968. He was Alaska's Superintendent of
  the Year in 1990, and one of four finalists for National Superintendent of the Year in 1991.


                                Alaska Municipal Bond Bank Authority

  Governor Palin appointed Luke Welles to the Alaska Municipal Bond Bank Authority.

  The five-member board borrows money and issues bonds and notes to make capital funds available
  for borrowing by municipalities, and in turn receives bonds and notes from Alaskan municipalities.
  It consists of three members appointed by the governor and the commissioners of the Department
  of Revenue and the Department of Commerce, Community & Economic Development.

  Welles, of Bethel, is the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for Yukon Kuskokwim Healthcare Corporation,
  the largest Tribal Health Provider in the State. Welles' career has primarily been primarily in
  business and finance. Previously he worked as a CFO for a construction firm, and held various
  management positions for businesses on the Kenai Peninsula, including managing a family-owned
  commercial real estate company for 10 years. Welles was an elected City of Homer
  Councilmember from 1996-2000.

                             Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority

  Governor Palin appointed Nick Stepovich to the Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority
  (ANGDA).

  The mission of the seven-member ANGDA is to develop a natural gas pipeline from Prudhoe Bay to
  Prince William Sound, as well as develop a spur line to Southcentral Alaska.

  Stepovich, of Fairbanks, is a local businessman. He owns Soapy Smith's Pioneer Restaurant.
  Stepovich was appointed to the Alaska House of Representatives in 2003 and served as the chair of
  the Special Committee on Military and Veterans' Affairs. Stepovich is involved in numerous
  community activities including the Monroe Foundation, Fairbanks Heart Association and the
  University of Alaska Fairbanks Tipoff Club. Stepovich's father, Governor Mike Stepovich, was
  appointed by President Dwight Eisenhower to serve as one of Alaska's territorial governors.

                                   Alaska -Alberta Bilateral Council

  Governor Palin appointed Casey Williams to the Alaska-Alberta Bilateral Council.

  Williams, of Wasilla, is an EOC specialist for.BP Exploration, serving as the central contact for all
  Prudhoe Bay eastern area facilities. He has worked in various positions on the North Slope since
  1983. Williams is a certified commercial pilot, professional flight instructor, commercial fisherman,
  and emergency services firefighter and EMT.

  The Alaska-Alberta Bilateral Council consists of delegates from the Alaska Legislature, government
  officials and representatives of private industry. The Council provides direction on bilateral issues,
  facilitates cooperation in a number of areas including transportation, trade, and development,
  addresses potential cross border concerns, and learns from each others' best practices.

                                                   ###




                                                                                    ROSTON 02505
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
