Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                       GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=SRPARN ELL I
              Sent:                    Tuesday, April 01, 2008 10:33 AM
              To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
              Subject:                 Re: Wasilla Multi-Use Complex


              Got it. Thanks. Can I look at the list      ke Put together. Privileged or Personal Material Redacte
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted Privileged or Personal




              ----- Original Message -----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

              To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

              Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

              Sent: Tue Apr 01 10:04:02 2008

              Subject: Re: Wasilla Multi-Use Complex




              It was last year's capital. It passed through last because it was the only thing Wasilla
              got and they used matching funds to secure it - but some lawmakers still are using that
              and Stoltze's (bond approved through Anchorage Parks and Rec) astro-turfed Chugiak field
              as my "hypocritical" projects.

              Sent from my BlackBerrya device from Cellular One



               ----Original Message-----

              From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



              Date: Tue, 01 Apr 2008 09:32:41

              To:gov.sarahoyahoo.com

              Subject: Re: Wasilla Multi-Use Complex




              Is that in the supplemental or capital?



               ----- Original Message -----

               From: gov.sarahoyahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

               To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

               Cc: Kelsey, Mark D (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Kelly,
                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPOI 0014362
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Russell T (GOV);     PARNELL ,    S (GOV sponsored)

               Sent :   Tue Apr 01 07 : 09:45 2008

               Subject : Wasilla Multi - Use Complex



              Kris- pls call Mayor Keller and ask her again for her last year's justification for
             asking for the town's top priority: emergency kitchen in the Complex to meet FEMA match
             (or however it was justified through the legislature). She and district lawmakers need to
             justify that as it was her #1 request... I'm getting heat for that one still and she/Lyda,
             Vic didn't really have to explain it when I didn't veto it lat yr. It wasn't vetoed thanks
             to regional balance needs in the budget process, the local and federal match helped too.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014363
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                 Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown
                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:     Tuesday, April 01, 2008 11:35 AM
                  To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Calder6n, NAFTA, and Mexico's Campesinos in 2008




                 From : Council on Hemispheric Affairs [mailto:noreply@coha.org]
                 Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 11:22 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject : Calderon, NAFTA, and Mexico's Campesinos in 2008



                  A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press
                                 Release
                                        About COHA In the News Forum Internships

                               Caldern, NAFTA, and Mexicos
                                   Campesinos in 20o8
                  Recent COHA print citations
                          · The Miami Herald - Will U.S. economic woes expose Latin America to
                             new turmoil?

                          · The Washington Times - Espionage to proceed under Raul Castro,
                            sources say

                          · Bloomberg.com - Chavez Roils Latin America as Friend of Cocaine-
                            Peddling FARC

                  See more citations

                 This is the second in a series of analyses of NAFTA and the U.S. Presidential Primaries.

                    S. Preisdnetial Primary and Republican Debate over NAFTA

                 On January 12008, the final provisions of the North American Free Trade Agreement
                 (NAFTA) was implemented, abolishing all agricultural tariffs that were in effect. The free
                 trade agreement, which was signed by U.S., Mexico, and Canada, took effect at the
                 beginning of 1994. In spite of the driven proselytizing of Mexican President Carlos Salinas
                   tari, NAFTA was not beloved by all. In that country, the biggest opposition to NAFTA has
                    me from the peasant farmers, who most recently expressed their indignation in Mexico
                   ity, when over 100,000 campesinos, condemned the trade pact at El Zocalo (the citys
                 central square), on January 31, 2008.




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                P RA_GS P01 _0014364
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                                 Page 2 of 2



                    bsidized U.S. Agro-Industry Poses Mortal Threat to Mexicos Poor Farmers
                   roughout NAFTAs brief history, Mexicos peasant farmers have arguably suffered the most
                  dverse consequences from the free trade agreement. Despite the massive protests, current
                  4exican President Felipe Caldern has made it clear that he will not even consider re-negotiating
                   AFTA. However, he may soon have to face the question as a result of pressure from either Barack
                   bama or Hillary Clinton, if either one of them wins the presidency.

                 egardless, Caldern insists that he can begin to address the campesino cause in his country by
                 mplementing policies aimed at alleviating the negative economic impact of having to compete with
                 elow-market priced agricultural imports from the U.S. He also plans to eradicate tariffs that
                 pparently will seem to mainly hurt the already struggling subsidence farmers throughout the
                 ountry, mainly in the south.

                                                                                                                           Full article..,

                  'his analysis was prepared by Research Fellow Martin Jacinto



                 ^uesday, April 1st, 20o8 I Press release


                 The Council on Hemispheric Affairs, founded in1975, is an independent, non-profit, non-partisan, tax-exempt research and
                  information organization . It has been described on the Senatefloor as being "one of the nation 's most respected bodies of
                      scholars and policy makers ." For more information, please see our web page at www.coha .org; or contact our
                                Washington offices by phone (202) 223-4975,fax (202) 223-4979, or email coha@coha.org.

                                        If you no longer wish to receive ourpress releases, you may unsubscribe.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0014365
