Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                  From:      Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/C N=IJFRYEj
                  Sent:      Tuesday, April 01, 2008 3:51 PM
                  To:        Balash; Joseph R (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject: Oil Executives Take Heat From Congress Over Big Profits


                Oil Executives Take Heat From Congress Over Big Profits
               Tuesday, April 01, 2008


                           -ail
                          Print
                          Share:
                   ·
                                     LJ Fa e book
                                   ElStumble Upon
                WASHINGTON - Top executives of the five biggest U.S. oil companies were pressed Tuesday to explain the soaring
                fuel prices amid huge industry profits and why they weren 't investing more to develop renewable energy source such
                as wind and solar.

                The executives , peppered with questions from skeptical lawmakers , said they understood that high energy costs are hurting
                consumers, but deflected blame , arguing that their profits - $ 123 billion last year - were in line with other industries.

                "On April Fool's Day , the biggest joke of all is being played on American families by Big Oil ," Rep. Edward Markey , D-Mass.,
                said as his committee began hearing from the oil company executives.

                With motorists paying a national average of $3.29 a gallon at the pump and global oil prices remaining above $ 100 a barrel,
                the executives were hard pressed by lawmakers to defend their profits.

                "The anger level is rising significantly ," said Rep . Emanuel Cleaver , D-Mo., relating what he had heard in his district during the
                recent two-week congressional recess.

                Alluding to the fact that congressmen often don 't rate very high in opinion polls, Cleaver told the executives : "Your approval
                rating is lower than ours and that means your down low."

                          ADVERTISEMENTS

                Mom Makes $63/Hr Online
                Mom makes $5,500+ a month!
                Read her story to find out how
                she did it.
                TheLosAngelesJoumal.com


                Acal Berry Diet Exposed
                Warning ! Wanting to Use the Acai
                Berry Diet. Don't Until You Read
                This.
                USConsumerReports.org
                                                 J"'I heard what you are hearing . Americans are very worried about the rising price of
                energy," said John Hofmeister, president of Shell Oil Co ., echoing remarks by the other four executives from Exxon Mobil
                Corp., BP America Inc., Chevron Corp., and ConocoPhillips.

                But the executives rejected claims that their companies' earnings are out of step with other industries and said that while they
                earn tens of billions of dollars, they also invest tens of billions in exploration and oil production activities.




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014390
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                 "Our earnings, though high in absolute terms, need to be viewed in the context of the scale and cyclical , long-term nature of
                 our industry as well as the huge investment requirements ," said J .S. Simon , Exxon Mobil's senior vice president.

                 But Markey asked Simon why Exxon Mobil hasn 't followed the other companies in investing in alternative energy . The four
                 other companies reported spending as much as $3.5 billion in recent years on solar, wind, biodiesel and other renewable
                 projects.

                 "Why is Exxon Mobil resisting the renewable revolution," asked Markey.

                 Simon said his company , which earned $40 billion last year, had provided $100 million on research into climate change at
                 Stanford University, but that current alternative energy technologies "just do not have an appreciable impact" in addressing
                 "the challenge we're trying to meet."

                 Executives from the largest U.S oil companies have been frequent targets of lawmakers , frustrated at not being able to do
                 much to counter soaring oil and gasoline costs.

                 In November, 2005, Hofmeister and the top executives of the same companies represented Tuesday sat in a Senate hearing
                 room to explain high prices and their huge profits.

                The prices are of concern , Hofmeister said at the time , adding a note of optimism: "Our industry is extremely cyclical and what
                goes up almost always comes down," he told the skeptical senators on a day when oil cost $60 a barrel.

                About six months later, when the cost of the same barrel reached $75 , the executives were grilled again on Capitol Hill on their
                spending and investment priorities.

                Recently oil prices reached a peak of $111 a barrel . While declining a bit in recent days , the price remains above $100 and
                there's talk of $4 a gallon gasoline in the coming months.

                Markey challenged the executives to pledge to invest 10 percent of their profits to develop renewable energy and give up $18
                billion in tax breaks over 10 years so money could be funneled to support other energy and conservation.

                The executives said the companies already are spending billions of dollars - more than $3.5 billion over the last five years -
                on renewable fuels such as wind energy and biodiesel , but rejected any tax increases.

                "Imposing punitive taxes on American energy companies , which already pay record taxes, will discourage the sustained
                investment needed to continue safeguarding U.S. energy security ," Simon insisted.

                'hese companies are defending billions of federal subsidies ... while reaping over a hundred billion dollars in profits in just the
                last year alone," complained Markey, chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming.

                The House last year and again on Feb . 27 approved legislation that would have ended the tax breaks for the oil giants, while
                using the revenue to support wind, solar and other renewa

                ble fuels and incentives for energy conservation. The measure has not passed the Senate.




                 8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0014391
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                                       Page 1 of 12




                 Unknown

                  From:      Kim, Anna C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N=AC KI M j
                  Sent:      Tuesday, April 01, 2008 3:10 PM
                  To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                  Cc:        Provost; Kathryn T (GOV); Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
                  Subject : RE: Property Tax Exemption

                Thanks and I will not be responding as the conversation continues with other state entities and
                the Governor has just been cc'd in the several emails.

                Anna Clark Kim
                Special Staff Assistant
                Office of the Governor

                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 3:08 PM
                To: Kim, Anna C (GOV)
                Cc: Provost, Kathryn T (GOV); Wilken, Jessica M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Property Tax Exemption

                Ladies,
                We have rec'd several of these today, most of which I sent to Anna, I did send one to Kate and Jessica. I just wanted to let you
                know.
                Donna


                From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@d.juneau.ak.us]
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 1:59 PM
                To: james@roughridersak.org
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod_Swope@d.juneau.ak.us; Robin Potter; Palin, Sarah H (GOV);
                marcos@roughridersak.org; jbradley@roughridersak.org
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                James,
                Sorry for the confusion. You are correct I left out the word "not". It makes a little bit of a difference.

                Regarding the section of the state law you referenced, most of our property tax levy is for education. We are
                required to contribute 4 mills of the full and true value, but we also contribute up to the amount allowed by State
                law. My reference to 4 mills was in a different context. Our total levy is just over 10 mills and approximately 8 mills
                is for education.

                Right now I am swamped with the budget. I will spend sometime early next week reviewing the State laws to see if
                I think there is any flex that would allow for an exemption.
                Craig


                From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
                Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 12:19 PM
                To: Craig Duncan
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; Robin Potter; sarah.palin@alaska.gov;
                marcos@roughridersak.org; jbradley@roughridersak.org
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption



                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI 0014392
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                               Page 2 of 12




               Craig,

               Did you mean to say you CAN'T advise on the ANCSA?

                Let me give you the rundown on where we are at with Goldbelt, and how we got there...

               BEFORE the push to close Echo Cove, Rough Riders AK, Inc. approached city, state and federal agencies to try to
               find a solution to the overcrowding at Echo Cove and the resource damage caused by over use . We asked for a
               dedicated access point, signage and permission to do trail maintenance . After about a year, Docks & Harbors
               "Found" an old ordinance, in effect since the 70's but NEVER enforced or even known of by CBJ officials. At this
               point we approached Goldbelt, Inc about using their land "Legally". We received an Adamant NO! We countered
               with options for user fees , area maintenance , Landowner Liability insurance , etc... Still No.

                Several months later we received a call from Bob Martin at Goldbelt . Now there was some interest in a possible
                agreement. The requirements were as follows:


                    · Rough Riders AK, Inc. will provide Landowner Liability Insurance that would cover all users of the land - We
                      can do this but to be covered the person MUST be a member of the Club.
                    · Rough Riders AK, Inc. will provide ALL enforcement on site
                    · Goldbelt will require a user fee of some sort The actual fee, or method is yet to be determined , but some
                      sort of permit was discussed.
                          o This fee will cause the land to revert to Taxable Status for the duration of permit or lease , based on
                             ANCSA. Goldbelt, Inc is aware of this. Rough Riders AK, Inc. MUST ensure that Goldbelt, Inc not
                              incur ANY tax liability. The Attorney for Goldbelt stated that an exemption from CBJ was the only
                              option they could see that would work for them. An option would be for Rough Riders AK , Inc. to
                              agree to pay any Tax liability as a result of our use but the property taxes on such a large parcel
                             would be far more than we could cover.

                I have been pouring over State Tax Law and found the following:


                (m) A municipality may by ordinance partially or totally exempt all or some types of economic
                development property from taxation for up to five years. The municipality may provide for renewal of the
                exemption under conditions established in the ordinance. However , under a renewal. a municipality that
                is a school district may only exempt all or a portion of the amount of taxes that exceeds the amount
                levied on other property for the school district. A municipality may by ordinance permit deferral of
                payment of taxes on all or some types of economic development property for up to five years. The
                municipality may provide for renewal of the deferral under conditions established in the ordinance. A
                municipality may adopt an ordinance under this subsection only if, before it is adopted, copies of the
                proposed ordinance made available at a public hearing on it contain written notice that the ordinance, if
                adopted, may be repealed by the voters through referendum. An ordinance adopted under this subsection
                must include specific eligibility requirements and require a written application for each exemption or
                deferral. In this subsection "economic development property" means real or personal property, including
                developed property conveyed under 43 U.S. C. 1601 et seq. (Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act), that

                    (1) has not previously been taxed as real or personal property by the municipality;

                Does the highlighted sentence refer to the 4% you were talking about? If not , is this something we can qualify
                under? My understanding from reading this, which could very well be wrong , is that the limit on the exemption is
                only on a RENEWAL. Would this allow for an initial 5 year period ? I am clueless when it comes to tax issues.

                Really what it comes down to is this... Goldbelt is willing to allow this use if they can make money, have no tax or




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014393
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                             Page 3 of 12


                injury liabilities, and have to put ABSOLUTELY NO EFFORT into the process.

                Let me know if you have any ideas, or if you know of someone I should talk to.

                 u Right-click here to download pictures . To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented
                 x
                   automatic download of this picture from the Internet.




                NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                www. nohvcc. om


                From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 4:56 PM
                To: james@roughridersak.org
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                James,
                I can really advise you on ANCSA. What were you planning as an arrangement with Goldbelt. Sounds like you
                were going to enter into a lease. I can understand from Goldbelt that they would not want to assume the liability.
                Maybe you can work some arrangement with Goldbelt to use the property without entering in to any lessee
                positions. However, I realize that it is a lot of work to build the trails and you may not want such uncertainty.

                Again, I would be happy to give some thought to any ideas you may have.
                Craig


                From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 3:56 PM
                To: Craig Duncan
                Cc Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                Craig,

                Thanks for the input.

                Things are not looking good for OHV users in the Juneau area . It seems like the more we try, the more we lose! I
                know there were issues at Echo Cove but the push for enforcement of a ordinance that hadn't been enforced in 35
                years came after we , Rough Riders AK, Inc., approached CBJ & State offices to attempt to make the area safer for
                all.



                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0014394
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                                 Page 4 of 12



                It has me afraid to ask questions!

                Who is the regulating body for the ANCSA, or who would I contact for more information?

                Any input you can provide would be appreciated.


                 0 Right-click here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented
                     automatic download of this picture from the Internet.




                NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                www.nohvcc.or^


                From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@d.juneau.ak.us]
                Sent Monday, March 31, 2008 3:42 PM
                To: james@roughridersak.org
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                James,
                I understand you concerns. However, in Alaska a local government's ability to tax (or in this case not to tax) is
                governed by the State. The State's interest is in getting their share. Under the State's funding formula for
                education local governments are required to contribute 4% of all property they could tax. The State then withholds
                the equivalent of the 4% in State support to the school districts. If we optionally exempt property, we are still
                required to contribute the 4%. This means we go backwards by 4 mills when we provide optional exemptions.

                In this case, you have an unusual situation of dealing with ANCSA where the business purpose is a nominal
                amount. The taxation of the property stays with owner unless the owner is exempt. If the owner is exempt then
                the taxation of the property falls to a lessee if that lessee is determined to be taxable. We can likely deal with the
                taxable status of the OHV group. This could be a community purpose exemption if you have a 501(c) (3) or (4)
                designation . However, the taxable status to the owner creates a problem that likely has no tax relief solution. The
                real tax issue in this case is to somehow be allowed to use the property without jeopardizing the ANCSA required
                exemption or being able to provide Goldbelt with an optional exemption or transferring the property to an exempt
                organization.

                On your question about lessening the burden , it is not as simple as stated . If the property is assessable , then it
                must be assessed at full value unless it is personal property that can be flat taxed (note an airplane is personal
                property) or optionally exempted and the mill levy must be consistent across the area levied. Mr. Van Sant's
                comment may refer to flat taxing aircraft or reducing the mill levy within the area. Both of which do not help the
                OHV Park situation.




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0014395
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                                Page 5 of 12


               If you have any thoughts on this , I would be happy to discuss them with you . I have both a dirt bike and 4 wheeler
               and having a place to ride would be great.
               Craig




               From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 2:54 PM
               To: Craig Duncan; Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; sarah.palin@alaska.gov
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               After more research it turns out that the exemption made by the Assembly for Executive Flight was illegal. I have
               attached the responses from the State as well as CBJ law dept.

                Page 2 , Paragraph one of the State Assessor memo states that "There are alternatives available to the Assembly
                to lessen the taxation burden ..." Can anyone tell me what these are and how much the potential " Lessening" of the
                tax burden would/could be?

                This is an issue that CBJ has shown support for , and it seems there should be a way to remedy the tax issue. So I
                guess my question is, how much support does the OHV community have from the CBJ? The North Douglas OHV
                Park has turned into a situation that is destined to fail . Even if the permits are approved by the Planning
                Commission (which I highly doubt), the opponents have made it clear that they will continue to do EVERYTHING in
                their power to get it closed down.

                This opportunity with Goldbelt would essentially solve the OHV problem in Juneau . I find it hard to believe that
                there are no options to remove the tax burden.

                Rough Riders AK, Inc. cannot afford to pay the property taxes that Goldbelt would incur from our use of the
                property. This would provide both a short , and long term solution . As it is, where is the OHV community
                supposed to recreate this summer?

                So, two years later, I am asking the same question ... Is there anything that anyone can do, or is willing to do, to
                help find a short term solution to the Juneau OHV issue?

                 u Right-click here to download pictures . To help protect your privacy , Outlook prevented
                 x
                   automatic download of this picture from the Internet.




                NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                www.nohvcc.oro




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014396
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                             Page 6 of 12




                From: Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 2:05 PM
                To: james@roughridersak.org
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope; Robin Potter
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                James,
                The Assembly can only grant exemptions within the structure of the State Statutes. To be exempt you/we would
                need to find a category within the State Statutes that would qualify the property for optional exemption purposes.
                State real property assessments breakdown into 3 categories; taxable, optionally exempt (29.45.050) and required
                to be exempt. If the property becomes taxable to Goldbelt, then it would be Goldbelt that would need to meet one
                of the State's optional exemptions.
                Craig Duncan

                From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:37 PM
                To: Craig Duncan
                Cc: Sara Chambers; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

                Craig,

                Just to clarify...

                Based on the ANCSA, Goldbelt will no longer be exempt on the land if we lease it. Once we are no longer using
                the land it will revert back to non taxed status. They understand and accept this. The issue is what can be done
                by CBJ to exempt the land used from taxes during the lease period. The Assembly has, in the past, granted
                exemption in a similar situation.

                     Right-click here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented
                 u
                     automatic download of this picture from the Internet.




                NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                www. nohvcc. ory


                From : Craig Duncan [mailto:Craig_Duncan@ci.juneau.ak.us]
                Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:12 PM
                To: Robin Potter
                Cc: Martha Torres; Rod Swope; Jane Sebens; Barbara Ritchie; james@roughridersak.org



                 8/25/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0014397
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                  Page 7 of 12



               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Ok, thanks.


               From: Robin Potter
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 12:02 PM
               To: Craig Duncan
               Cc: Martha Torres; Rod Swope; Jane Sebens; Barbara Ritchie; 'fames@roughridersak.org'
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig,

               I have had several conversations and email exchanges with Mr. Tripp in this regard over
               the past month. I forwarded his questions to the Law Dept, and have spoken with both
               Barbara Ritchie and Jane Sebens on several occasions in regard to this matter. Jane
               researched the legalities of the situation, contacted both myself and Mr. Tripp directly
               last week, then followed up with me on the situation afterward. My understanding of the
               situation is;

               Roughriders AK Inc. has a 501(c) 3 status with the IRS, but the community purpose
               exemption application will only apply to property that they own, not lease.

               Goldbelt offered to allow Roughriders AK Inc. land to use for the OHV park, on the
               condition that it not cost Goldbelt any time, money or effort on their part and it not
               change their exemption status. ANSCA regulations specifically state the exemption is lost
               on any property that is leased to another entity on that portion that is involved, so
               Goldbelt would become taxable. Roughriders is requesting approximately 400 acres to
               my understanding. Jane explained to Mr. Tripp that the options could be, if Roughrider
               would pay the taxes on the property that Goldbelt would lose their exemption on, then
               it is possible Goldbelt would be amenable to the proposition.

               Possessory interest would apply to a private entity such as Roughriders AK Inc, leasing
               publicly owned land, however the tax liability is attributable to the private entity.




               Robin
               Robin Potter
               Assessor
               Finance Department
               City and Borough of Juneau
               Tel: 907.586.0330


                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0014398
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                               Page 8 of 12



               Email: Robin Potter @ cLigneau.ak.us
               Web Page:http ://www.iuneau .org/finance

               "If you hear that someone is speaking ill of you, instead of trying to defend yourself you
               should say: "He obviously does not know me very well , since there are so many other
               faults he could have mentioned "" ~ Epictetus




               From: Craig Duncan
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 10:51 AM
               To: Robin Potter
               Cc: Martha Torres
               Subject: FW: Property Tax Exemption

               Robin,
               Below is a request from Assembly member Chambers . If I missed anything , would you make sure the correct
               information gets on to Mr. Tripp . I did respond to Ms. Chambers and Mr . Tripp with the following -

               Sara,
               The Assessor' s Office makes determinations on property exemptions . State Statutes govern what is taxable or
               exempt. Under the statutes , I can see a couple of potential taxation exemption possibilities . First, to have a
               possessory interest in the property for taxation purposes , the lessee must have certain rights to the property for a
               specific time. The fewer rights and the shorter the period , the smaller the assessed value . We also have a
               Community Purpose exemption available if the use of the property meets certain restrictions . An exemption can be
               granted if the organization leasing the property has an IRS designation of 501 (c) (3) or (4) and the property is open
               to the public for community purposes without material fees or individual access restrictions . There is a form to
               request a Community Purpose exemption available in the Assessor 's Office or on our web site -
               http:J/www.iuneau org/finance/documents/200BNonProfitExemptAppl pdf

               The original email did include Martha Torres , who is an Appraiser in our Assessing Office . But just incase, I will
               forward this information on to our Assessor , Robin Potter , for review and response.
               Thanks, Craig


               From: Sara Chambers
               Sent: Monday, March 31, 2008 9:54 AM
               To: James Tipps; Craig Duncan
               Cc: Rod Swope
               Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption

               Craig:

               Could you forward this to the appropriate staff and let me know how this might progress ? There should be two
               attachments.

               Thank you,

               Sara Chambers
               Assemblymember
               City and Borough of Juneau




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014399
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                           Page 9 of 12



               From: James Tipps [mailto:james@roughridersak.org]
               Sent: Sat 3/29/2008 9:14 PM
               To: Sara Chambers
               Subject: Fw: Property Tax Exemption

                Sara,

               The land is out on the uphill side of Echo Cove . Could be as much as 500
               acres available.

                We need to find out if we can get an exemption on any property taxes they
                would incur from our "Paid" use of the land . Currently it is exempt land
                under ANCSA.

                I was able to find where the Assembly voted in favor of an exemption in a
                similar situation . I have attached the minutes from the assembly meetings
                where the proposal was discussed and again when the exemption was granted.
                Look for "Executive Flight".

                Executive Flight was a company who leased a plane for Medical Transport, to
                a non-profit, and so they requested an exemption on that plane only. The
                situation is similar in the fact that Goldbelt is a For-Profit corporation,
                who would be leasing to a non-Profit (Rough Riders AK, Inc. - 501(c)(3)
                Public Charity).

                The biggest difference I see is the fact that Executive Flight was currently
                paying tax on the plane (I think it says $32,000 a year) so by granting that
                exemption CBJ was missing out on money , whereas the land in question is NOT
                currently taxed, but would become taxable while we were paying to use it, so
                there would be no loss to the CBJ.

                Let me know what you think, and if you know where I should start the
                process. ( I have already contacted the CBJ assessors office and was informed
                that under current ordinances we do not qualify for any of the optional or
                required exemptions since we do not own the land.

                James Tipps
                NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska
                www.nohvcc.org
                Rough Riders AK, Inc. - President
                www.roughridersak.org
                james@roughridersak.org
                - Original Message --
                From : "Sara Chambers " <Sara Chambers@ci.juneau.ak.us>
                To: <james@roughridersak.org>
                Sent: Wednesday, March 19, 2008 9:30 AM
                Subject: RE: Property Tax Exemption


                > Hi, James . How is the PRAC going?

                > Where is the Goldbelt land you are working on? If you have any info let
                > me know so I can stay on top of this.

                > Thanks,

                > Sara Chambers
                > Assemblymember
                > City and Borough of Juneau




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0014400
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                          Page 10 of 12




                                                  atroughridersak.org]
               > From : James Tipps [mailto james (
               > Sent: Thu 3/13/2008 1:02 PM
               > To: Martha Torres
               > Cc: Sara Chambers ; Merrill Sanford; Rod Swope
               > Subject : Property Tax Exemption


               > My name is James Tipps, President of Rough Riders AK, Inc ., a 501(c)(3)
               > non-profit corporation . Currently we are working with Goldbelt
               > corporation to provide an area open to motorized recreation . We have one
               > remaining problem that we need to find out how to solve.

               > Currently, the land in question, is under non-Taxed status, as it was
               > transferred through the ANCSA. Goldbelt will require a fee from us to use
               > the area. The area would be open to club members only. Membership is
               > open to the public. Who do we need to speak to to find out about a
               > property Tax exemption? The standard forms only seem to apply if we were
               > the owners of the land in question. Is this something that we can request
               > on behalf of Goldbelt Inc? Goldbelt has made it clear that use of the
               > land will be allowed under the following conditions ONLY:


               > * The land MUST remain in non-taxed status or be qualified for a
               > property tax exemption AND must revert back to Non -Taxed status if our
               > agreement with Goldbelt is terminated.



               > * Rough Riders AK, Inc. MUST do all the footwork. While the
               > landowner is willing to work with us they are not willing to put time,
               > effort or money into it.


               > There are other conditions that we have already addresses, such as
               > insurance and enforcement.

               > Can you please direct me to the person I would need to speak to about
               > this? Is this something that will need to go before the Assembly? As our
               > proposal for the Fish Creek OHV Park has run into so many delays and so
               > much opposition, even if the planning commission rules in our favor, the
               > park will not become a reality until late summer 2009 or early summer
               > 2010. This leaves no place for summer OHV use for the next year or two.

               > Any help you can provide would be greatly appreciated.



               > James Tipps

               > NOHVCC Associate State Representative - Alaska

               > HYPERLINK "hp://www nohvcc org/"www.nohvcc.org
                            tl

               > Rough Riders AK, Inc - President/CEO

                > dba / Rough Riders AK OHV Club

                             www.roughridersak .org/"www.roughridersak.org
                > HYPERLINK "httn://




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0014401
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                         Page 11 of 12


                > (907) 209-6686

                > HYPERLINK " mailto: iarnes@nm2Mdersak. org'jamm@roughridersak.org


                > No virus found in this outgoing message.
                > Checked by AVG.
                > Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008
                >1:41PM



                > Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                > Checked by AVG.
                > Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008
                > 1:41 PM




                Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version: 7.5.5 18 / Virus Database: 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




                Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




                Internal Virus Database is out -of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




                Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
                Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date: 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version : 7.5.518 / Virus Database : 269.21 .7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1 _0014402
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Fw: Property Tax Exemption                                                                      Page 12 of 12


                Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
                Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM



               Internal Virus Database is out-of-date.
               Checked by AVG.
               Version: 7.5.518 / Virus Database: 269.21.7/1325 - Release Date : 3/11/2008 1:41 PM




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0014403
