Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                  From :     Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                  Sent:      Tuesday, April 01, 2008 3:51 PM
                  To:        Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Frank Bailey ; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                  Subject: Oil Executives Take Heat From Congress Over Big Profits


                Oil Executives Take Heat From Congress Over Big Profits
                Tuesday, April 01, 2008


                           E-Mail
                           Print
                           Share:
                                     aigg
                   ·                 ilFacebook
                    ·              HStumbleU^on
                WASHINGTON - Top executives of the five biggest U.S. oil companies were pressed Tuesday to explain the soaring
                fuel prices amid huge industry profits and why they weren 't investing more to develop renewable energy source such
                as wind and solar.

                The executives, peppered with questions from skeptical lawmakers , said they understood that high energy costs are hurting
                consumers , but deflected blame , arguing that their profits - $ 123 billion last year - were in line with other industries.

                "On April Fool's Day , the biggest joke of all is being played on American families by Big Oil ," Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass.,
                said as his committee began hearing from the oil company executives.

                With motorists paying a national average of $3.29 a gallon at the pump and global oil prices remaining above $100 a barrel,
                the executives were hard pressed by lawmakers to defend their profits.

                "The anger level is rising significantly ," said Rep . Emanuel Cleaver, D-Mo., relating what he had heard in his district during the
                recent two-week congressional recess.

                Alluding to the fact that congressmen often don 't rate very high in opinion polls, Cleaver told the executives: "Your approval
                rating is lower than ours and that means your down low."

                           ADVERTISEMENTS

                Acai Berry EXPOSED (Official
                Test)
                Want To Use Acai Berry? Do Not
                Use. Read This Warning
                USConsumerReports.org

                Online Jobs : Mom Makes
                ($77/Hr)!
                Mom makes $8,673+ a month!
                Read this special report to see
                how...
                www. NewYorkGazetteNews. corn
               I                                   1 heard what you are hearing . Americans are very worried about the rising price of
               energy ," said John Hofmeister, president of Shell Oil Co., echoing remarks by the other four executives from Exxon Mobil
               Corp., BP America Inc., Chevron Corp., and ConocoPhillips.

                But the executives rejected claims that their companies' earnings are out of step with other industries and said that while they
                earn tens of billions of dollars, they also invest tens of billions in exploration and oil production activities.




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0014384
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


               "Our earnings , though high in absolute terms , need to be viewed in the context of the scale and cyclical , long-term nature of
               our industry as well as the huge investment requirements ," said J .S. Simon , Exxon Mobil's senior vice president.

               But Markey asked Simon why Exxon Mobil hasn't followed the other companies in investing in alternative energy . The four
               other companies reported spending as much as $3.5 billion in recent years on solar , wind, biodiesel and other renewable
               projects.

               "Why is Exxon Mobil resisting the renewable revolution ," asked Markey.

                Simon said his company, which earned $40 billion last year , had provided $100 million on research into climate change at
                Stanford University, but that current alternative energy technologies "just do not have an appreciable impact" in addressing
                "the challenge we're trying to meet."

                Executives from the largest U.S oil companies have been frequent targets of lawmakers , frustrated at not being able to do
                much to counter soaring oil and gasoline costs.

                In November , 2005, Hofmeister and the top executives of the same companies represented Tuesday sat in a Senate hearing
                room to explain high prices and their huge profits.

                The prices are of concern, Hofmeister said at the time , adding a note of optimism : "Our industry is extremely cyclical and what
                goes up almost always comes down ," he told the skeptical senators on a day when oil cost $60 a barrel.

                About six months later, when the cost of the same barrel reached $ 75, the executives were grilled again on Capitol Hill on their
                spending and investment priorities.

                Recently oil prices reached a peak of $111 a barrel . While declining a bit in recent days , the price remains above $100 and
                there's talk of $4 a gallon gasoline in the coming months.

                Markey challenged the executives to pledge to invest 10 percent of their profits to develop renewable energy and give up $18
                billion in tax breaks over 10 years so money could be funneled to support other energy and conservation.

                The executives said the companies already are spending billions of dollars - more than $3.5 billion over the last five years -
                on renewable fuels such as wind energy and biodiesel , but rejected any tax increases.

                "Imposing punitive taxes on American energy companies , which already pay record taxes , will discourage the sustained
                investment needed to continue safeguarding U.S. energy security ," Simon insisted.

                "These companies are defending billions of federal subsidies ... while reaping over a hundred billion dollars in profits in just the
                last year alone ," complained Markey , chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming.

                The House last year and again on Feb . 27 approved legislation that would have ended the tax breaks for the oil giants, while
                using the revenue to support wind , solar and other renewa

                ble fuels and incentives for energy conservation . The measure has not passed the Senate.




                8/25/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0014385
