Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYP ERRY]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 02, 2008 1:09 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); 'Sarah Palin'
             Subject :                FW: musc


             This is the justification from Marty Metiva that Mark has worked w/him on. There are
             still missing pieces that they're trying to get answers from the City on. The letter to
             editor will also talk more about the supplemental process and misplaced priorities.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

             Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 1:00 PM

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             Subject: musc



             Kris:



             Attached and pasted in below you'll find the final version. I'll follow this e-mail with a
             forward from Colleen, on the off chance it might help with the missing business about
             federal help.



             Mark



             Ensuring public health and safety are responsibilities the state should take seriously.
             Last year's appropriation for a new kitchen for the Wasilla Multi-Use Sports Complex was
             an opportunity to support a community that took the lead in looking out for its residents.



             This was not an appropriation to build a recreation facility. The MUSC had been serving
             the needs of Mat-Su student-athletes and their families for three years prior to the
             appropriation, which came with the full support of Mat-Su legislators.



             When the facility was conceived, city leaders had the vision to plan for it to serve as an
             evacuation shelter in the event of a natural disaster. To this end, cots, blankets and
             other necessary shelter items have been acquired and pre-positioned for ready use.
             Additionally, response-readiness exercises have been conducted. With the addition of the
             industrial-type kitchen, the facility can be turned into a fully-functioning emergency
             shelter following a disaster.



             The funding request was publicly vetted and was well-supported as a priority for the
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0014415
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              community by residents and their elected officials locally and in Juneau.




             Mark D. Kelsey

              Special Assistant to the Governor

             Office of Gov. Sarah Palin

              907.269.7450, Anchorage

              907.352.2585, Mat-Su




                                                            2
