Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                     Wednesday, April 02, 2008 1:43 PM
             To:                       Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR)
             Cc:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                  Fw: House and Senate Resolution




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



             Date; Wed, 2 Apr 2008 21:19:56

             To:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Re: House and Senate Resolution




             We need the response asap. Sharon/Beth, we need the response asap.

             Funny the leggies didn't communicate this to us before going to the media...

             And remember the ads I was in two yrs ago for All-Alaska and was roundly criticized by
             these same folks when I got elected for being "biased" towards? Hmmmmm

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From : frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



             Date: Wed, 2 Apr 2008 14:16:03

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Subject: Re: House and Senate Resolution




             Yes...and they waited for a POLL to push ' em to do it. If response is presented right
             will make them look extremely weak and reactionary.



             gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: Yeah- like we weren't going to address in-state anyway in the
             sp session??? That's the point in the sp session that we'll be trying to make. They're




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0014440
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              selling out the state in the budget re: infrastructure and AGIA needs, but they'll expand
              the call to TELL us what to do on addressing in-state use of our gas?

              And in-state use IS part of AGIA... again, that's the point.



             Our commissioners are going to blast them for doing this on the same day they cut AGIA
             neccessities today.



             And where was their "communication" on this before they went right to the media without
             working with us on it- as they constanstly criticize us for doing so.

              Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular One



              -----Original Message-----

             From :   Ivy Frye




             Date : Wed, 2 Apr 2008 14:06:02

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Todd , K Perry Yahoo , Frank Bailey

             Subject: Re: House and Senate Resolution




             I think Huggins is about to drop a bomb shell in this press conf.



             gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: Thanks ivy. This is valuable to know.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   Ivy Frye




             Date : Wed, 2 Apr 2008 12:18:25

             To:Sarah Palin , Todd Palin , Kris Perry ,      Frank Bailey

             Subject: House and Senate Resolution




             Wanted to give you guys a heads up from Don. He was in the ANGDA office and saw a
             resolution that the House and Senate are going to support. The resolution calls for
             amending the special session agenda to include in-state gasline proposals to be
             considered.  Don asked for a copy of the resolution, but they wouldn't give him one.


                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1_0014441
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Not sure if and when this is going to happen, but wanted to pass along. I just looked at
             the House and Senate floor calendar and I don't see it on there, nevertheless it could
             come up.




             You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access , No
             Cost.




             You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access
             No Cost.




                                                           3



                                                                                                                          I

                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0014442
