Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 02, 2008 12:03 PM
             To:                      'trav_n tab@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 12:55 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs




            Web mail from: Ms. Tabitha Seefeldt

             address: 5957 Smith Lane Elmendorf AFB AK 99506

              920-246-8143




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Sarah Palin,




            I did not know who to contact but felt I needed to get this situation on paper so that
            others were aware of such situations regarding our service men. My husband, Travis
            Seefeldt was deployed January 3rd of 2008. It was to be a six month deployment and he is
            to return July. Around the third week of March my husband was rushed for an emergency
            surgery to the Baghdad hospital. He had infected lymph nodes and his appendix removed. I
            did not receive a call until two days after from one of the supervisors to let me know
            what was going on. The gentleman proceeded to tell me that he would not be able to work
            as he was before the surgery, but because of the economic issue they could not send him
            home.  I found this irritating how they could keep someone when he could not even wear his
            safety gear without the risk of hurting himself even more. Then the first shirt proceeded
            to tell me he would try and find something for him to do so basically saying that they had
            nothing.  My husband fe

            It useless to say the least and still has issues even walking without pain. Worse they
            put him on Oxycontin and let him walk around with delusions. I may not know much but this
            seems so unsafe to me. I am pregnant with all the added stress we almost lost our child.
            His sister recently came forward to tell everyone her step-dad of eleven years was
            molesting her.  With all this I became seriously ill as did he. Travis told them he was
            depressed and worried about the well being of his family, they said fine you can go home
            but we will dishonorably discharge you take away your GI Bill and so on. When he joined
            the air force, and to this day, they preach about safety and family, I ask myself is this
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1 0014465
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             their idea of being safe and being family oriented ? The shirt told Travis that the only
             other way he could come home would be for me to claim insanity .  The general told him that
             50,000 other people have the same issues and that he is not special .  I feel like they
             have failed him and us

              as a family that is protecting this coun!

             try.  I truly believe he would be more useful at home , and worry his safety is being
             neglected but at this point just want to speak up. There is so much more to say, but I
             hope through this you get the generals . Who else do I contact to go over this issue with?



             Thank you,



             Tabitha Seefeldt

             Anchorage Alaska




             trav-n- tab@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014466
