Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 02, 2008 10:06 AM
             To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: PR 08-047 Alaska Receives Rating Upgrade to AA+ 040208


             Thank you

             Sent from my BlackBerryo device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV)" <jessalynn.rintala@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 02 Apr 2008 09:42:25

             To:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)"
             <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV)" <jessalynn.rintala@alaska.gov>

             Subject: PR 08-047 Alaska Receives Rating Upgrade to AA+ 040208




             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

            No. 08-047




            Alaska Receives Rating Upgrade to AA+




            ACES, AGIA and Budget Reserves credited




            April 2, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin announced that

            national rating agency Standard & Poor's is increasing its rating on the

            State of Alaska from AA to AA+. The last time the State's rating was


                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014467
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             upgraded was on August 5, 1992 when Standard & Poor's shifted from AA-

             to AA.




             "Our fiscal prudence is being recognized by the financial markets. It

             affirms our efforts to control government spending and live within our

             means ," Governor Palin said .    " We have been working hard advocating for

             Alaska , both within the state and outside ,        and I am pleased to see it

             paying off."




             Standard and Poor's is viewed as the authoritative source for state bond

             ratings . As part of its analysis of Alaska ,         Standard and Poor's

             referenced the State ' s substantial and growing reserves , a budget

             surplus due to high oil prices and the implementation of the new ACES

             petroleum profits resource valuation ,        combined with prospects for a

             natural gas pipeline.      Specifically ,    the Constitutional Budget Reserve

             Fund was mentioned as essential to the rating increase.




             "This rating increase indicates that we ' re on the right track ," Governor

            Palin said .    " We will continue to work toward future upgrades by being

            responsible about how much we spend and how we prioritize spending, and

            by ensuring that we save as much as possible to prepare for the future."




            The credit upgrade may result in one quarter of one percent lower cost

            of capital to the State which will save tens of millions of dollars over

            the life of proposed bonds.


                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             "By effectively demonstrating the strength and stability of the State of

            Alaska ' s finances , the public will benefit with reduced costs for

             infrastructure and other publicly financed projects ," Revenue

             Commissioner Pat Galvin said.




             Contact : Deven Mitchell ,    Debt Manager (907) 465-3750.




                                                               3




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0014469
