Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday April 02, 2008 10:13 AM
             To:                      Privileged or Perso ;Perry; Krishna Y (GOV)
             Subject:                  e: w rc.


             Hellooooo!  Yes, we want to find something for you. Glad you're taking evening classes
             because we pretty much only have daytime work. Let me CC in Kris Perry on this email, as
             Kris and I have discussed what availabilities we have in the Anchorage Office(s). She'll
             contact you. Glad you're soon headed home! Enjoy. Take in all that culture, because as you
             know you ain't gonna' get that around here. Thanks Britta... Kris is on this email
             exchange now.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: britta hanson a Privileged   or Personal Ma
             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Wed Apr 02 09:02:14 2008

             Subject: work?




                                   Hey There!




                               Hope everything is going well. I have one more day left of school and I
             have another spring break! Won't be long until I am back in Alaska, it is just around the
             corner. I was wondering if I might be able to work for you once I got back in the summer
             and into my school year? School Starts late August and I have class registration in the
             next few days. I have somewhat mapped out my class schedule and am taking evening classes
             4pm- 9pm Monday-Thursday (for the most part). I have not a clue as to what hours would be
             better but I am very flexible and it is easy to change. Anyhow, hope I caught you at a
             good time.. Have a wonderful Wednesday!



                                  Love,




                                  Britta




                                                                   1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014476
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             More immediate than e-mail? Get instant access with Windows Live Messenger.
             <http://www.windowslive. com/messenger /overview.html?
             ocid=TXT TAGLM WL Refresh instantaccess 042008>




                                                           2
