Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
            Sent                     Wednesday, April 02, 2008 10:22 AM
            To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                 Fw: work?


            You're the best Kris. Thank you. Now I'm off to more meetings with more of our best
            friends.



            Also- DON'T come into the office when your brother is here visiting, ok??? Please. I may
            visit schools on Friday instead of working in Anchorage office- so all the more reason you
            not come in. "Work" from home and email, don't put in for time off even.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored);          Privileged or Personal Ma     Privileged or Personal Ma
            Sent :   Wed Apr 02 10:17:12 2008

            Subject: RE: work?




            Hi Britta! I'll follow-up with you directly - via email - on details the Governor and I
            have discussed on an opening in the Anchorage office.



            Hope you're enjoying Spain!



            Kris




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 10:13 AM


            To: 'IPrivileoed or Personal Ma ; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Subject: Re: work?



            Hellooooo!  Yes, we want to find something for you. Glad you're taking evening classes
            because we pretty much only have daytime work. Let me CC in Kris Perry on this email, as
            Kris and I have discussed what availabilities we have in the Anchorage Office(s). She'll
            contact you. Glad you're soon headed home! Enjoy. Take in all that culture, because as you
            know you ain't gonna' get that around here. Thanks Britta... Kris is on this email
            exchange now.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             ----- Original Message -----

             From : britta hanson < Privileged or Personal M a '

             To: Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

             Sent :   Wed Apr 02 09 : 02:14 2008

             Subject: work?




                                   Hey There!




                                 Hope everything is going well . I have one more day left of school and I
             have another spring break ! Won't be long until I am back in Alaska, it is just around the
             corner . I was wondering if I might be able to work for you once I got back in the summer
             and into my school year ? School Starts late August and I have class registration in the
             next few days .   I have somewhat mapped out my class schedule and am taking evening classes
             4pm- 9pm Monday - Thursday ( for the most part). I have not a clue as to what hours would be
             better but I am very flexible and it is easy to change . Anyhow, hope I caught you at a
             good time .. Have a wonderful Wednesday!



                                   Love,




                                   Britta




            More immediate than e - mail? Get instant access with windows Live Messenger.
            <http :// www.windowslive . com/messenger / overview.html?
            ocid=TXT. TAGLM WL Refresh instantaccess 042008>




                                                                   2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0014473
