Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent     Wednesday , April 02, 2008 8:45 AM
                 To:      Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Visit NFIB's 2008 Presidential Election Center




                 From: NFIB Campaign & Election News [mailto:NFIBCommunications@nfib.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 7:51 AM
                 To. Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Visit NFIB's 2008 Presidential Election Center

                                                  To view this email as a web page, go here.




                                                   Dear NFIB Member:

                                                   The 2008 race for the White House is already making history,
                                                   the outcome in November will surely impact small businesses
                                                   the communities that depend on them for years to come. It is
                                                   simply too critical of a time to not be informed.

                                                 That's why the National Federation of Independent Busir
                    (NFIB ), the leading voice of small business, is offering a unique resource to help you mal
                    sense of it all.

                    Previously available only to NFIB members, the NFIB 2008 Presidential Election Center is
                    now open to you. This informative website is specfically tailored for the small business
                    community, and is designed as a one-stop shop for you to find all of the information you r
                    for the 2008 presidential election.

                    Among other features, visit the site to:

                            Discover which state primaries have not yet taken place that will determine the
                             Democratic Party nominee

                            View polling information and delegate count results for each state's primary

                            Link directly to each candidate's YouTube site and watch entertaining videos

                            Read complete biographical and professional information on each candidate




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0014474
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2




                            See where each candidate stands on vital small business issues such as health care
                              reform, tax relief, and government regulation

                            Get the latest news on the race and the candidates from traditional media sources as
                             well as the blogosphere

                   Check out this educational and helpful site for all of the latest information available, and be sure
                   to share it with friends, family and colleagues.

                   The small business voting bloc is a powerful one that can truly make a difference - get involved
                   and visit the NFIB 2008 Presidential Election Center today!

                   To join NFIB, please visit httos://www.nfib.com/oacie/ioinsite.


                                                         Promote and pi otect the right of ow members
                                                          to own , operate and grow their businesses.




                       Please do not reply to this e-mail. To change your e-mail preferences or to unsubscribe, go here, call 1-800-NFIB-
                       NOW or write NFIB at 53 Century Blvd. - #250, Nashville, TN, 37214, USA. We value your privacy and will be glad to
                       honor your request. Send all other inquiries to web membershiocoINFIB.ora.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0014475
