Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                Unknown
                 From :     McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=RM FAUBION]
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 03, 2008 1:41 PM
                 To:        'Sarah Palin'
                 Subject: Legislature

               If you look at the waves that roll in on a beach, they're created by a number of forces --winds, tides,
               underwater currents and unknowable factors. I've heard that the Native kayakers took this into account,
               as they planned how to navigate the ocean.

               In this case, we have:

               -frustration over the shortened session

               -baggage from the last session over capitol projects

               -the leadership dynamic in the Senate

               -lawmaker anxiety about the corruption scandals (...which makes the legislature as a whole look bad)

               -election year politics (Corruption scandal fall-out makes this worse. Lawmakers have a bigger need for
               legislative trophies to show their constituents.)

               Lots of stuff to make for rough waves. On this last visit to Juneau, the level of rudeness caught me by
               surprise. It's ahrd not to take it personally. It seemed to me that there's more involved than just anger
               with the Governor.

               Let me know what I can do to help communicate with Rural lawmakers.

               Rhonda



               Rhonda McBride
               Rural Affairs Advisor
               Office of the Governor
               Atwood Building, Suite 1700
               550 West 7th Avenue
               Anchorage, Alaska 99501
               Tel: (907) 269-7451
               E-Mail: Rhonda McBride @aIaska gov




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1 0014489
