Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                   Unknown

                   From :   Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
                   Sent:    Thursday, April 03, 2008 10:20 AM
                   To:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                   Cc:      'Sarah Palin'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo .com'; 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'; 'ivyfrye@yahoo.com'
                   Subject: FW: Homer's response to Stedman




               From: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
               Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 10:18 AM
               To: 'mike heimbuch'
               Subject: RE: Homer's response to Stedman

               Mike,

               This is fantastic ... just read it. Please get this out ADN Compass, Clarion, Trib,

               This is awesome ... absolutely awesome. I'm going to share this with the Gov & Sharon Leighow . Especially love
               the 2"d to last paragraph.

               F


              From: mike heimbuch [mailto:musicman @xyz.net]
              Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 7:30 AM
              To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
              Subject: Fw: Homer's response to Stedman


              - Original Message
              From : mike heimbuch
              To: Bailey. Frank T (GOV)
              Sent: Wednesday , April 02, 2008 9:14 AM
              Subject: Fw: Homer's response to Stedman




              Frank,
              Homer may have a response to Stedman 's words in the ADN

              "1 can defend and justify every project in that district " Stedman said. "You'll see there is no fluffy stuff."

              Stedman's words reflect part of a problem with public spending. Legislators are the focal point for projects
              originated by municipalities and other interest groups. Certainly these groups don't see their projects as 'fluffy
              stuff nor do we expect them to. These projects often make it onto CIP wish lists of a city or borough. But that may
              not be sufficient proof of public need or community support. In Homer this last month, by a 2-1 margin, voters
              rejected an 8 million dollar bond for a new city hall and town center. This project had support of the Legislature,
              University, city government, and several interest groups, stretching back many years.




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


               The Homer vote can be instructive for us . Often times the very people who bring projects forward for public
               funding have not measured the will of the people . The fact that an interest group or local government has a
               decent purpose in mind is not adequate reason to hold the public treasury hostage or badger people into
               spending it.

               It may be difficult to see why a governor might personally agree with and support the public purpose of a project -
               and yet find reason to disapprove spending public money on it. It is simply because the governor is not elected to
               impose their personal preferences upon the public or hand out some yearly allowance to well behaved
               children . People expect the governor to apply a consistent and defensible approach for measuring public need
               prior to spending public money.                           '

               To the extent that election of a governor reflects the will of the people - so then must the people's will be reflected
               in the veto pen of the governor.




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0014482
