Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 02, 2008 10:08 AM
             To:                      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Schedule

           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 02 Apr 2008 09:02:03

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject: FW: Schedule




           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             -----Original Message-----

             From: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

             Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 8:45 AM

            To: ExternalEmailgsp; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: RE: Schedule



            Governor - Senator Huggins office just called and would like to have the

            1:00 p.m. meeting today. We had taken it off due to being to late in

            the afternoon.      They stated that if the 1:00 p.m. time slot did not work

            that they would then cancel all together. They have no other openings

            as they will be. on the floor. Janice




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   gov.sarah@yahoo.com      [ mailto : gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

             Sent :   Wednesday ,   April 02, 2008 8:02 AM

             To: Mason ,   Janice L     ( GOV); Tibbles ,    Michael A (GOV );    Kelly ,   Russell T

             (GOV)

             Cc: Rehfeld ,    Karen J    ( GOV); PARNELL ,    S (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Schedule




             Today ' s schedule is going to be packed again , without much room for

             budget. Janice and Mike- pls let people know I can NOT spend much time

             in these other meetings away from the budget - remember I fly out tomm

             night and I'll be making the budget decisions today . We need to make the

             rounds asap with lawmakers to communicate the pending vetoes , I'd think

             Russ will have to tap into others to help him cover everyone today and

             tomorrow.



            Ltgov: I did get your emails.

             Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




                                                                      2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1




                 From :     Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
                 Sent:     Thursday, April 03, 2008 5:46 PM
                 To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; fek9wnr@yahoo.com; 'Frank Bailey'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: response




               From: Frye, Ivy ) (DOA)
               Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 5:46 PM
               To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
               Subject: response

               Commissioner,
               I was taken aback by your response to my op-ed. The governor is truly doing a good thing here crafting an
               appropriate budget, trying to work with legislators, sponsoring legitimate legislation that will benefit Alaskans. I
               will defend her to the death in these efforts. And, it is not as you've told me "hero worship."

               I'm surprised too, that you're not more fired up-15 of 16 of your DOA projects were cut by the Senate and your
               response is to "not throw more gas on the fire." As the governor directed her commissioners and advisors earlier
               today, it's time to unite and defend priority projects and legislation. I support her 100% and will do my small part
               by conveying to Alaskans what I observe in Juneau.

               What's most frustrating is my message would sound much stronger coming from someone like you-a true leader
               and a commissioner serving in Gov Palin's cabinet. I'm disappointed you aren't bolder with legislators.

               In my humble opinion, at the very least you should be willing to defend your budget and your governor, let alone
               me. Although you and I don't agree, I will continue to fight for Alaska's best interest with my governor and let
               Alaskans know this governor will not stand for the status quo. I will also continue to work civilly and respectfully
               with you, but I won't be afraid to share my opinion, and defend and support my governor every day, whether I
               work in this administration or not.




                                                                                                                            PRA GSPOI 0014480
