Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Thursday, April 03, 2008 8:20 AM
                 To:       Shirley Aleckson
                 Subject: RE: Thanks and keep it going...
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




                 From : Shirley Aleckson [mailto:shirley@alaska.net]
                 Sent: Wednesday, April 02, 2008 11:22 PM
                 To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Thanks and keep it going...

                 Dear Gov. Palin,
                     Our newspaper printed a list of some of the budget items requested by the legislature and the reasons
                 for your veto. The item "not a function of government' appeared quite often. You were absolutely
                 correct. I don't write very many letters but I can truly tell you that you have the earned confidence of a
                 whole bunch of people here on the peninsula. Politicians don't usually impress anybody around here and
                 these last years have been dreary. But you bring us a little hope that maybe there are some good people
                 that gravitate to government. Stay strong and honest and if you need some help feel free to call (or just
                 drop in for supper). Continue to watch over our interests and try to keep government as small and
                 unobtrusive as it can be and you will never need to worry about your job. Thank you.
                                                                 Darrell Aleckson




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0014506
