Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Thursday, April 03, 2008 4:29 PM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Bert. : Expanded call


             Correct

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date: Thu, 03 Apr 2008 08:48:40

             To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: RE: Bert.         : Expanded call




             Governor -



             If Bill McAllister and Steve Quinn decide to do a story on Stedman holding bills - you
             wouldn't mind commenting - correct?



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

             Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 8:15 AM

             To: Ivy personal; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Frank Bailey; K Perry Yahoo; Todd

             Subject: Bert. : Expanded call




             Sharon and ivy: it must not have occurred to Russ how important is was for me to be told
             that Bert has now put a stop to all the Governor's bills, thus screwing Alaskans, as a
             result of our presser yesterday. This is what I meant in the pc yest when I said: if
             Alaskans knew what was going on in this building, they'd be outraged. So- since Alaskans
             won't hear the message of what's going on here any other way, you two need to let the
             press know. To tell reporters what's going on - Russ and Mike may not want to "annoy"
             lawmakers any further by sharing what's really going on with Alaskans, but I totally
             disagree with that tactic. Yes, it may make their jobs easier (to not annoy lawmakers),
             but we are serving Alaskans, we're not serving Bert, Lyda, Harris... and through the press
             Alaskans need to know what's up.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             -----Original Message-----

             From : Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>



             Date : Thu, 3 Apr 2008 08:56:35

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Sharon Leighow <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>, Frank Bailey <ftb907
             @yahoo.com>, K Perry Yahoo <krisandclark@yahoo.com>, Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Re: Fw: Expanded call




             We're with you 100%--anything we can do to help in this efforts to convey YOUR consistent
             msg, we 're with ya.



             Todd made a good pt this morning that Charlie et al have flip flopped on this issue. In
             fact, I'm trying to track down some newsletters I wrote for Lyda saying she only supported
             Murks plan--an in-state line was too expensive and couldn't be built. Her lap dog said
             the same thing.



             I'm glad she has finally seen the light on what you've been saying all these years, but
             these folks should be called on the carpet for their inconsistencies. I truly believe
             they aren't 100' on board with an all Alaska route--they are simply trying to throw a
             wrench in AGIA.




             gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: This is confidental because it can't be leaked and construed
             as" there's discontent among AGIA team"... But so you know and can help- it's my take on
             what went wrong the past few weeks esp with AGIA messaging from gasline team:

             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Thu, 3 Apr 2008 15:33:54

            To:"Marty Rutherford"

            Cc:"Tom Irwin"

            Subject: Expanded call




            When you get a chance I'll need to hear more about gasline update. Mixed messages are all
            over the building as I promise that in-state use of our gas is top priority, and promise
            to not have abandoned my first committment from my campaign days until now: that of course
            an Alaskan project is considered. The message received by too many, though, is that we're
            saying AGIA doesn't have anything to do with a smaller AK project.




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0014524
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I had feared it would take the legislature "taking over" this issue and telling us what we
             must do and must concentrate on - that's exactly what happened yesterday because I don't
             believe we've communicated well at all that we ' ve been working on this all along.
             Obviously a loud and ugly bell was rung yesterday , one that can 't be unrung until others
             on the gasline team share the same message I've been trying to: it' s Alaska ' s gas, top
             priority is getting it connected to Alaskans so we benefit with its usage and the jobs
             associated . We understand the need for new energy

             for AK - that's why I' m here.



             Someone in our press conf yesterday said we wouldn ' t expand the call ( I said it didn't
             look necessary be the call was already general ), but I did not say we would diss the
             legislature and NOT expand it/address in-state . ( That ' s already being erroneously
             reported.)



            Very difficult now that lawmakers have demanded that we answer what they finally
            understand 80 percent of Alaskans want - and I' ve been first in line demanding the same
            thing ( from the ads with Hammond and Hickle , thoroughout my first year in office, and it
            continues today).., but with them hijacking this since they keep hearing AGIA is
            exclusively about a Canadian project , we're in a tough spot.



            I still have the bumper sticker : Canada my ass, it ' s Alaska ' s gas ... and I'm still not
            convinced I was wrong then and the 80 percent of Alaskans are wrong who want that result
            too. Granted it took our critics and the legislature a year to embrace that same bumper
            sticker slogan , but they ' re there now , finally.



            So the message can NOT be " AGIA doesn ' t have anything to do with this " ( as I keep
            hearing !), the message and sincere and true goal has to be : " this is what AGIA ' s all about
            and it ' s what Tom , Marty , et al have been working for since day one ". I know you know this
            and we're on the same page , but the message is not consistent with others and has been
            received erroneously by Alaskans and lawmakers . We must address this or we ' ve lost any
            handle on AGIA that we had.




            ----------------

            You rock . That's why Blockbuster ' s offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access
            <http :// us.rd . yahoo.com / evt=47523 /* http :// tc.deals . yahoo . com/tc/blockbuster / text5.com>
            No Cost.




                                                                 3




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014525
