Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, April 03, 2008 2:44 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Yocom; Lauren J (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Military_and Veterans Affairs




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Thursday, April 03, 2008 3:24 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military-and-veterans-Affairs



             Web mail from: Mr. Ron Siebels

             address: 1945 N. Salem Dr. Anchorage AK 99508




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin;




             Today the full House voted unanimously in support of the Purple Heart Trail bill (SB216-
             HB283). Earlier the Senate also voted unanimously in support of the bill. I thank you for
             your support on this legislation and to my knowledge not a single person ever voted
             against it, not even during the various committee hearings. My two key supporters were
             Representative Berta Gardner and Senator Johnny Ellis, they both willingly stepped forward
             to get this issue through the legislative process, and now we have it, I am so very
             pleased with the results. We of course had many co-sponsors as well.



            My question now revolves around the date that you will be able to sign the bill. Much will
            also depend on Berta Gardner and Johnny Ellis, I would certainly like for them to be
            present when you sign the bill. I am flexible and I will do whatever is needed to support
            your schedules. It is not mandatory that I be present, I would like to be but all will
            depend on your schedule and that of Rep, Gardner and Sen, Ellis. They have represented me
            extremely well and they can do so at any signing. They keep giving me the credit for my
            work but I am absolutely convinced that this P/H Trail legislation would not have been
            accomplished without their dedicated involvement.



            As you know we have invited you and your husband to our annual Department Convention
            banquet that will take place on the evening of May 3rd here in Anchorage. That would work
            for us but I anticipate a lot of interest from various veterans groups who may want to
            attend, but the location is probably not large enough to support the anticipated
            attendees. Maybe we could do it a different time that day (9am or so?) at the Anchorage
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014529
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Veterans memorial, that would hold any size crowd that may attend. 4 or 5 pm might also
             work that day because I think our convention will be over by around that time and everyone
             could simply head down to the Park Strip.



             A second option may be on April 26th in Wasilla at "THE GATHERING " that will take place at
             1 PM at the Wasilla Airport . One of the key event organizers ( Ric Davidge ) as well as
             myself hope to see you at that major veterans event if you can work it into your busy
             schedule.




             We have no special favorites as to time or location and I am open to your schedule, I am
             even willing to jump on a flight to Juneau if I need to do so . I am just trying to find a
             date that will work for you and for us. We are simply anxious to see you sign this
             important and worthy deceased and wounded veterans legislation.



             I anxiously await your reply and Thank You so very kindly;




             I am, Yours in Patriotism;

             Ron Siebels

             MOPH , Alaska




             ronakph@gci.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014530
