Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYEI
             Sent:                    Friday, April 04, 2008 2:53 PM
             To:                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Todd; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 FW: follow up


             You're definitely going to hear about this so I just want to apologize now. Truly though,
             I only apologize because you have to hear the complaints from your own team about me
             stepping on their toes.



             I have to have a meeting with Russ and Annette today per his request.

             -----Original Message-----

             From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 2:39 PM

             To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Cc: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

             Subject: RE: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal



             Russ:



             Additionally, if this conversation is regarding me blind copying the governor on an email
             that's fine-I truly am willing to talk about it any time. I would have been happy to
             simply copy her had the email only been going to you and Mindy. Since it was going to
             Jerry also I blind copied her so I wouldn't be giving out her personal email address.



             Also, I know the studded tire tax, business license fee, and CON repeal bills are
             priorities of hers. She has made this abundantly clear to all of us, Russ. I didn't mean
             to step on your toes by expediting the process of getting a governor's priority bill
             scheduled.  I do apologize for that.



            We're all on the same team here--advocating for the same person. Like I've told Annette, I
            will continue to help Governor Palin any way I can, in any capacity I can. Two of three
            bills are now scheduled.



             Ivy



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

            Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 1:55 PM

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014564
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Cc: Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)

             Subject: Re: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal



             Ivy,

             You and I need to talk, soon.

             Russ




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             To: Burnett, Jerry D (DOR)

             Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)

             Sent: Fri Apr 04 12:54:51 2008

             Subject: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal



             Jerry,




             Can you submit a formal hearing request to Suzanne in Rep Meyer's office to hear HB 106?
             I recognize that the bill has already been scheduled; however, House Finance has requested
             a hearing request and back-up information. I had language drafted from February when we
             weren't sure if Admin was going to submit a fiscal note or not. Obviously, Revenue is
             carrying the ball on this one now; however, I have pasted language into this email that
             you can copy into a hearing request to get to Rep Meyer today.




             Ivy




             April 4, 2008




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0014565
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The Honorable Kevin Meyer



             Co- Chairman,    House Finance Committee



             State Capitol, Room 515



             Juneau, AK 99801




             Dear Representative Meyer:




             I am writing to request you schedule House Bill 106, An Act repealing fees imposed on the
             sale of new tires , the sale of certain studded tires, and the installation of certain
             metal studs on tires; and providing for an effective date at your earliest convenience.
             House Bill 106 would repeal fees imposed on the sale of new tires, the sale of certain
             studded tires, and the installation of certain metal studs on tires.




             Current law imposes a fee of $2.50 a tire on the retail sale of new tires for motor
             vehicles designed for use on a highway . Current law also imposes an additional fee of
             $5.00 a tire on the retail sale of new tires that are studded with metal studs weighing
             more than 1.1 grams each on the installation of such metal studs on tires. Families in
             Alaska should not be financially penalized by purchasing safer tires for their vehicles.




                                                              3




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_ 0014566
