Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, April 04, 2008 2:13 PM
             To:                      Kim; Anna C (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject :                FW: Legal-and-lawsuits




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 2:40 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Legal_and lawsuits



             Web mail from:     Mike Lane

             address: P.O. Box 70 McGrath AK 99627

              907 524-3001




             MESSAGE:

             Hello Governor,



             I became a father at 44, it was my fourth child, she wasn't

             planned but she's a teenager now and a doll and I love her.

             No doubt baby-to-come Palin will energize you when you might

             otherwise start "old-aging out." Make sure to bring her (or

             him) up a good Republican!



             I write to encourage you to sign CCS SB59 , which would allow

            Radio Stations to advertise fund raising events .            If you don't,

            I certainly hope you'll compensate by not being so abysmally cheap when it comes to
            funding Public Radio next year (through an appropriation to the Alaska Public Broadcasting
            Commission) next year.   Rural Public Radio is literally starving while managing to remain
            a vital and very important communications link connecting the people that are in fact the
            essence of what Alaska is. We are the "Big Wild Alaska", and we don't need a P.R. firm to
            tout the fact.  But we do need some portion of the State's earnings to support us.
            Loosening advertising restrictions on fund raising events is needed. Signing CCS SB59
            will give us a bit more opportunity (to meet our needs).


                                                                  1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0014583
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The best with your new child,

             Mike Lane

             KSKO

             McGrath



             ksko®mcgrathalaska.net




                                                         2
