Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                       Friday, April 04, 2008 1:32 PM
             To:                         Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Burnett; Jerry D (DOR)
             Cc:                         Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Rowland; Mindy B (GOV)
             Subject:                    Re: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal


             Thanks, all

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   " Frye ,   Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>



             Date: Fri, 04 Apr 2008 12:54:51

             To:"Burnett, Jerry D (DOR)" <jerry.burnett@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kellyealaska.gov>,"Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)"
             <mindy.rowland@alaska.gov>

             Subject: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal




             Jerry,



             Can you submit a formal hearing request to Suzanne in Rep Meyer's office to hear HB 106?
             I recognize that the bill has already been scheduled; however, House Finance has requested
             a hearing request and back-up information. I had language drafted from February when we
             weren't sure if Admin was going to submit a fiscal note or not. Obviously, Revenue is
             carrying the ball on this one now; however, I have pasted language into this email that
             you can copy into a hearing request to get to Rep Meyer today.



             Ivy




             April 4, 2008




             The Honorable Kevin Meyer

             Co- Chairman ,      House Finance Committee

             State Capitol ,      Room 515

             Juneau, AX 99801




                                                                          1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0014588
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Dear Representative Meyer:



             I am writing to request you schedule House Bill 106, An Act repealing fees imposed on the
             sale of new tires , the sale of certain studded tires, and the installation of certain
             metal studs on tires; and providing for an effective date at your earliest convenience.
             House Bill 106 would repeal fees imposed on the sale of new tires , the sale of certain
             studded tires , and the installation of certain metal studs on tires.



             Current law imposes a fee of $2 . 50 a tire on the retail sale of new tires for motor
             vehicles designed for use on a highway. Current law also imposes an additional fee of
             $5.00 a tire on the retail sale of new tires that are studded with metal studs weighing
             more than 1.1 grams each on the installation of such metal studs on tires. Families in
             Alaska should not be financially penalized by purchasing safer tires for their vehicles.




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0014589
