Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Friday, April 04, 2008 3:44 PM
             To:                      Frye; Ivy J (DOA); Todd; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey
             Subject:                 Re: follow up

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


             Sent from my BlackBerrym device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>




             Date :   Fri, 04 Apr 2008 14:52:53

             To:gov . sarah@yahoo . com, Todd < fek9wnr@yahoo . com>,"Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)"
             <kris. perry@alaska . gov>,Frank Bailey < ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Subject: FW: follow up




             You're definitely going to hear about this so I just want to apologize

             now.     Truly though, I only apologize because you have to hear the

             complaints from your own team about me stepping on their toes.



             I have to have a meeting with Russ and Annette today per his request.

             -----Original Message-----

             From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

             Sent: Friday, April 04,      2008 2:39 PM

             To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             Cc: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

             Subject: RE: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal



             Russ:




             Additionally, if this conversation is regarding me blind copying the

             governor on an email that's fine-I truly am willing to talk about it any

             time.      I would have been happy to simply copy her had the email only
                                                                      1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014578
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             been going to you and Mindy. Since it was going to Jerry also I blind

             copied her so I wouldn't be giving out her personal email address.



             Also, I know the studded tire tax, business     license fee , and CON repeal

             bills are priorities of hers.     She has made this abundantly clear to all

             of us, Russ .    I didn't mean to step on your toes by expediting the

             process of getting a governor's priority bill scheduled. I do apologize

             for that.



             We're all on the same team here--advocating for the same person. Like

             I've told Annette, I will continue to help Governor Palin any way I can,

             in any capacity I can. Two of three bills are now scheduled.



             Ivy



             -----Original Message-----

            From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

            Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 1:55 PM

            To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

            Cc: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

            Subject: Re: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal




            Ivy,

            You and I need to talk, soon.

            Russ




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

            To: Burnett, Jerry D (DOR)

            Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)

            Sent: Fri Apr 04 12:54:51 2008

            Subject: HB 106 Studded Tire Repeal




                                                             2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Jerry,




             Can you submit a formal hearing request to Suzanne in Rep Meyer's office

              to hear HB 106? I recognize that the bill has already been scheduled;

             however , House Finance has requested a hearing request and back-up

              information .   I had language drafted from February when we weren't sure

              if Admin was going to submit a fiscal note or not. Obviously, Revenue

              is carrying the ball on this one now; however, I have pasted language

             into this email that you can copy into a hearing request to get to Rep

             Meyer today.




             Ivy




             April 4, 2008




             The Honorable Kevin Meyer




             Co- Chairman,    House Finance Committee



             State Capitol, Room 515



             Juneau, AK 99801




             Dear Representative Meyer;
                                                             3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0014580
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I am writing to request you schedule House Bill 106, An Act repealing

             fees imposed on the sale of new tires , the sale of certain studded

             tires ,   and the installation of certain metal studs on tires; and

             providing for an effective date at your earliest convenience.          House

             Bill 106 would repeal fees imposed on the sale of new tires , the sale of

             certain studded tires , and the installation of certain metal studs on

             tires.




             Current law imposes a fee of $2.50 a tire on the retail sale of new

             tires for motor vehicles designed for use on a highway. Current law

             also imposes an additional fee of $5 . 00 a tire on the retail sale of new

             tires that are studded with metal studs weighing more than 1.1 grams

             each on the installation of such metal studs on tires. Families in

             Alaska should not be financially penalized by purchasing safer tires for

             their vehicles.




                                                             4
