Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 04, 2008 9:23 AM
           To:                      avid.mary@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

           Sent : Thursday, April 03, 2008 6:15 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Mary Reimann

           address: 22345 Shadowy Spruce Chugiak AK 99567

            907-688-0136




          MESSAGE:

          Hi--I am earning my certification to become a parent educator

          for infant massage and I would like to see if Governor Palin

          would be interested in learning about that for herself. I would

          be happy to educate her for free so there is no finanacial or

          political issues. I demonstrate different infant massage techniques on a doll and the
          parent does the same for his/her

          infant. It promotes bonding and attachment not to mention the

          benefits of healthy growth, relaxation, and aid in digestive

          problems. Please let me know if Governor Palin might consider

          this. Thank you--Mary Reimann avid.mary@gci.net




          avid.mary@gci.net




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014616
