Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Friday, April 04, 2008 9:44 AM
           To:                      Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: General-Administration




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, April 04, 2008 10:46 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General-Administration



           Web mail from: Mr. David La Rue

           address: POB 1076 Templeton CA 93465

            805-455-5535




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,



           I am writing for the first time to acknowledge the outstanding job you are doing in
           Alaska, for Alaskans and the country in general. As a lifelong Sourdough in heart and
           soul (but regrettably only a frequent visitor to AK), I follow the tides and tribulations
           of the Great State regularly. I count among my friends many hard-core Alaskans, including
           the late and sage Jay Hammond.



           I have for years cringed the actions of the likes of Young, Knowles, Sheffield, Cowper, F.
           Murkowski, adn Mr. Stevens.



           I find your approach to Government and politics refreshing. I hope Alaska appreciates and
           rallies with your efforts.



          I get to the point. I am a business consultant by trade and a public servant by habit. I
          am a fiscally conservative realist and a life-long student of education. I offer to work
          with you in your quest to improve Alaska's education system. I am in my fourth term as a
          School Board Trustee for nationally recognized Templeton Unified School District. I would
          gladly consider any contribution I could bring to your table in your efforts in this
          arena.



                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0014614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            And lastly , I urge you to highly consider any offer that should be made to you to serve as
            Vice President of these great United States .   I would be apologetic to dear Alaska for
            your short tenure in Juneau , however , we need you to help prevent the disaster in
            Washington and the world , should either Democratic candidate get elected.   And I fear John
            McCain can ' t run the country without a person of your composition standing in his circle
            of influence .   I search without success in finding your superior in Government or
            politics.



            I await your comments and reply .   And may the grace of God protect you and your growing
            family!



            Sincerely and with deep Respect,



            David C. La Rue

            Templeton, CA

            805-455-5535




            dclarue_air@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0014615
