Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
               Sent:    Sunday, April 06, 2008 4:10 PM
               To:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
               Subject: Fw: Airline Negotiations

               fyi

               --- On Thu, 4/3/08, Von Scheben , Leo (DOT) <leo.vonscheben @alaska.gov> wrote:

                 From : Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) <leo.vonscheben @alaska.gov>
                 Subject: Airline Negotiations
                 To: gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Cc: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike .tibbles@alaska.gov>
                 Date : Thursday, April 3, 2008, 3:22 PM

                 Governor,

                 Randy Ruaro briefed me on the discussions about airline negotiations and
                 personnel issues. Deputy Commissioner Klein is an asset to DOT&PF. I have
                 generally discussed the negotiations and issues with her since she joined the
                 department in February. Moving forward, I will step up her involvement and seek
                 further input and comments as we continue the negotiations. My goal is to get the
                 best possible result for the state and fair terms for all the airlines.

                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                 On negotiations with the airlines, I have personally spent countless hours for the
                 last several months working on the issues with Deputy Commissioner Richards.
                 We have been able to reach agreement on many of the terms with the airlines.
                 There are a few key open items we are still working on. These negotiations are
                 particularly hard because the financial interests of the airlines at the table are
                 directly opposite of some of the airlines not at the table. For example, Alaska
                 Airlines wants air cargo carriers who do not use the passenger terminals to pay
                 tens of millions of dollars over the next 23 years for passenger terminal
                 improvements. Alaska Airlines and the other AAAC members became upset with
                 DOT when we disclosed this information to all the other airlines. I strongly feel it
                 would have been unfair to withhold that information. We will continue to be
                 open with information to all airlines that are affected by these negotiations.


                10/22/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0014619
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



                 I will change our negotiating strategy and relieve some of the pressure on Alaska
                 Airlines and the other members of the AAAC to reach an agreement at our
                 negotiating session later this month.

                 I will not declare negotiations at an impasse or send a final and best offer to all the
                 individual airlines to review and sign until after you and the chief-of-staff have
                 been fully briefed.

                 I might add, I believe the next negotiations with the AAAC is going to give me an
                 indication of the AAAC seriousness about coming to agreement and concluding
                 the negotiations. We have been at this two (2) years plus and I feel it is time to
                 conclude these negotiations.

                 Governor, I assure you that I will continue to be very involved and working hard
                 to negotiate the best possible terms for the state and fair terms for all the airlines.

                 If you would like to discuss these issues further, please call me. I am available at
                 your convenience.
                 Leo




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014620
