Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah©yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Sunday, April 06, 2008 9:03 PM
            To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
            Cc:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Crime bill


            Yes- press folks need to do this, daily. We only have six days where they could do this
            effectively. And it gives the press something to focus on and build up to, instead of them
            being all over the board on their coverage because they're just not sure what to cover. We
            need to set the agenda from here on out and allow the press to understand this so that
            Alaskans can understand what's going on. This is so important.

            Sent from my B1ackBerrym device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

            From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 06 Apr 2008 20:25:38

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: RE: Crime bill




            I had the press folks work up a message we could send out to target the Senate on budget
            cuts but we did not send it because it was outdated too fast. Privileged or Personal Material Red
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted            Privileged or Personal




            -----Original Message-----

            From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: "Mike Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Sent: 4/6/2008 8:15 PM

            Subject: Re: Crime bill



            Let me know what I can do - I have troops waiting to help put pressure on lawmakers to do
            the right thing. These are the good people who got me elected and have faith that I won't
            give up and give in to games that politicians like Stedman are dying to play. We need to
            go through, around and over politicians like Stedman - and I have good Alaskans wanting to
            help do this. Let me know what specifically they can do to help, and to fulfill their
            roles as concerned Alaskans desiring a change from the status quo.

                 --Original Message------

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From : Mike Tibbles

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Sent : Apr 6 , 2008 8:01 PM

           Subject : Crime bill



           I guess Ramras did move the crime bill today. If the House version passes first ,            it will
           land in Senate Finance.



           Now I am starting to get concerned that many of our bills will end up with Stedman having
           the final say. I have been hearing that he is really taking pleasure with giving us the
           run around.



           We will keep the pressure on and see what moves in the next few days.




           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0014642
