Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                  From :    connie munro [cmunro@gci.net]
                  Sent:     Monday, April 07, 2008 4:12 PM
                  To:       Maureen Brown; Myrna Brown; nicole.hallingstad@sealaska .com; Ella Bennett; Thea Brown;
                            kate.kokotovich@sealaska.com; gary.droubay@goldbeltcom; angel.culp@goldbeltcom;
                            norman.flood@goldbelt.com; Kathy Miller; peter@kootznoowoo.com; amafia.monreal@seancc.org;
                            Andrew Ebona; Al Mckinley; Donnelly; Bernice M (EED); Robert Loescher, Brad Fleutsch;
                            bethel@gci.net; Chris McNeil; carolee.martin@seancc.org; Doloresa Cadiente; Brown; Darrell
                            (HAL); Don Bremner, Corpuz; Elena (DOA); Ethel Lund; Gomez; Shelly (HSS);
                            gastineau eagles@jsd.kl2.ak.us; Ishmael Hope; jfjll; Judy Mason; Kolvig; Keitha J (ACS); Michele
                            Metz; Miller; Mary E (DOL); makookesh@hotmail.com; memartin@gci.net; Marietta Hopkins;
                            Norman Sarabia; Percy Martin; pexendine@gci.net; Jackson; Patsy A; Ronald Williams; Ruaro;
                            Randall P (GOV); Renee Culp; Sue Ann Lindof, Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Vicki Soboleff; Diane
                            Carrier
                  Cc:       Bill Martin
                  Subject: Re: Acknowledgement; thank you ANS Camp 21

                Our supporting members are just as important as the active ones. We read the list often and knowing 144 sisters
                (a and a few brothers) respect the organization enough to pay dues and come to the special activities. And, a job
                is one of the sisters values too and is the reason we ha the topic on the first session. Thank you for your words.
                Connie Munro

                 - Original Message
                 From: Maureen Brown
                 To: connie munro ; Myma Brown ; nicole.hallingstad sealaska.com ; Ella Bennett ; Thea Brown ;
                 kate.kokotovich@@sealaska.com ; gary.droubay a@goldbelt.com ; angel.culp(a)goldbeIt.com ;
                 norman.flood()goldbelt.com ;Kathy Miller ; peter@kootznoowoo.com ; amalia.monreal _ seaft.org ;And rew
                 Ebona; Al Mckinley ; bernice donnelly(&eed.state.ak.us ; Robert Loescher ; Brad Fleutsch ; betheIQ--ggi.net ;
                 Chris McNeil ; ca rolee.martin©seaft.org ; Doloresa Cadiente ;Brown. Darrell (HHAL) ; Don Bremner ; Corpuz.
                 Elena (DOA) ; Ethel Lund ; Gomez. Shelly(HSS); gastineau eagles jsd.k12.ak.us ; Ishmael Hope; Jill ; Judv
                 Mason ; kkolvigQa)couurts.state.ak.us ; Michele Metz ; Miller. Mary E (DOS ; makookesh@hotmail.com ;
                 memartinOgci.net ; Marietta Hopkins ; Norman Sarabia ; Percy Martin ; pexendineCa.gci.net ; Jackson. Patsy A ;
                 Ronald Williams ; Ruaro. Randall P IGOV) ; Renee Culp; Sue Ann Lindoff ; sarah.palin alaska.gov ;Vicki
                 Soboleff ; Diane Carrier
                 Cc: Bill Martin
                 Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 8:25 AM
                 Subject: Re: Acknowledgement; thank you ANS Camp 2!

                 Well Sis,
                 It's good to know that you could step forward for the ANS it is a wonderful organization. I wish I had
                 more time time to commit but at my age I am lucky to have a good job. It gives me a positive feeling
                 to be able to work with troubled youth. My hours are swing hours and I can't seem to make a meeting
                 anymore but I want you to know that without the teachings of ANS and ANB I would not have
                 anything positive to add to anyones life. My heart still has ANB and ANS engraved on it and one day
                 soon I shall return but for now I am committed to my job. It has always been in my heart to give to
                 others what I have learned and I have learned not only to love and forgive but to laugh and smile too.
                 Good job sister.
                 Maureen

                 connie munro <cmunro(i1 gcLnet> wrote:



                 I   I just emailed you. and it came back to thank you Myrna and your family and
                     THCC and here you did it. I printed it out for Emma and hopefully she can


               8/25/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0014681
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


                   come to the ANS Meeting tomorrow evening. You are wonderful . Connie
                   ----- Original Message
                   From: "Myrna Brown"
                   To: "connie munro" ; ;
                   "Ella Bennett" ; "Thea Brown"


                    "Kathy Miller" ;
                    ; "Andrew Ebona"
                    "Al Mckinley" ;
                    "Robert Loescher" ;
                   "Brad Fleutsch" ; ; "Chris McNeil"
                    ; "Doloresa
                   Cadiente" ; "Brown, Darrell (HAL)"
                    "Don Bremner " ; " Corpuz,
                   Elena (DOA)" ; "Ethel Lund" ;
                   "Gomez, Shelly (HSS)";
                    "Ishmael Hope" ;
                   "jfjll" ; "Judy Mason" ;
                    "Maureen Brown" ;
                   "Michele Metz " ; "Miller, Mary E (DOL)"

                   "Marietta Hopkins" ; "Norman Sarabia"
                    "Percy Martin" ;
                    "Jackson, Patsy A" ; "Ronald
                   Williams" ; "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)"
                    "Renee Culp" ; " Sue Ann Lindoff'
                    ; "Vicki Soboleff'
                    "Diane Carrier"
                   Cc: "Bill Martin"
                   Sent: Sunday, April 06, 2008 9:25 AM
                   Subject: Acknowledgement; thank you ANS Camp 2!


                   I am extremely fortunate to have been able to be part of this women's
                   conference and was could not have done it without the following: Diane
                   Carrier, Sarah Lampe , my brother William, my sister Laura Sheldon and Myrna
                   Foster. These people are continually stepping forward to make things happen
                   for others. ANS must be proud of sister Sarah Lampe, Grand Camp Sargent At
                   Arms who made a trip over to help and who also brought the seal meat that
                   everyone enjoyed Saturday! I acknowledge President Micalyn Kunz McGhee and
                   her sister Nelly who were very much a part of this picture; they are true
                   inspiration of what ANS is all about . Thank you Connie for your continued
                   respect and for checking on items that needed to be done; you and Emma
                   really shined. I truly love my mom and after hearing her speak will make
                   more time for this wonderful lady so she can expect visits from me. I am
                   glad she is up front and personal; you learn from the best. Last but
                   certainly not least I would like to personally acknowledge President Martin;
                   it is a blessing to be working under his leadership. His genuine concern
                   and support for Elders, youth, family, ANB/ANS and Southeast Native Veterans
                   shows his commitment in making our organization a good one.


                8/25/2009


                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0014682
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3



                  I apologize for not making it in Saturday but had 9 grandchildren I was
                  caring for. Our day ended after the free swim for them after 8 PM.

                  I want to take this time and remind everyone that the last Native Issues
                  Forum is scheduled for April 9th; Senator Kookesh and Representative Bill
                  Thomas. MC Ron Williams. Our menu plans include entree items of Roast
                  w/gravy, stuffing, mashed potatoes, cream style corn, spaghetti w/sauteed
                  onions, green peppers and celery, buttered dinner roll. Dessert: Cake
                  w/strawberry filling. Pork noodles, bac-o salad, macaroni salad, fruit salad
                  and hopefully fresh herring egg salad if it arrives in time from Sitka
                  (donated by Central Council). Thank you!




                Thank you.
                Maureen Brown


                You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No Cost.




               8/25/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0014683
