Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From :      Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                Sent:       Monday, April 07, 2008 4:27 PM
                To:         Sarah Palin
                Cc:         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: FW: MESSAGE FROM COMMISSIONER JOE SCHMIDT

                 Governor -This is an update from Commissioner Schmidt. Janice




                 From: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
                 Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 4:14 PM
                 To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: MESSAGE FROM COMMISSIONER JOE SCHMIDT




                 Hello J,

                 Here is the first e mail for the Governor. It is one I sent to all of the department today.

                 Joe


                 From. Schmitz, Richard F (DOC)
                 Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 10:40 AM
                 To: DOC - All DOC
                 Subject : MESSAGE FROM COMMISSIONER JOE SCHMIDT




                 Good morning DOC staff:

                 As the legislative session this year comes to a close, I wanted to take a moment
                 and provide an update of our current budget situation. During my first meetings
                 with lawmakers in January 2007, it became clear that the way to get support to
                 increase staffing was to ensure the current compliment of positions were filled. We
                 heeded this advice, and decided that we would demonstrate our department's
                 ability to fill the funded vacant positions before asking for increases. We spent
                 2007 emphasizing recruitment and averaged 737 filled Correctional Officer
                 positions at years end. This represents the exact number of funded positions we
                 had available to fill, so we entered the session this year in a good position to
                 request our needed increase. The Governors request this session added 43
                 positions, for a total of 780, and both the House and the Senate approved the
                 request. Since it was approved on both sides, no action by a conference committee



              8/28/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


                  was needed - which means we are on track to begin filling our additional positions
                  July 1St

                  It is important to note that these are all funded positions. We are moving away
                  from the practice of creating positions first, and asking for funding later, or
                  carrying non-funded positions. Other than years when a new facility opened, this
                  year will represent the strongest workforce increase in our history. The year-end
                  average of filled positions in 2006 was 703 Officers, and the average for 2007
                  increased to 737. Since we are planning on hiring our full allotment of 780 starting
                  in July, our calendar year average for 2008 should be close to 750.

                  Our expansion plan is moving ahead as well. The first step in selecting a
                  contractor for the 1,530-bed Point Mackenzie project is to release a Request for
                  Qualification. The Mat Su Borough released the RFQ last week, and we plan to
                  have the contractor selected by this fall. Bonding is currently underway for our
                  144-bed Spring Creek expansion project and we will testify again this week in
                  Bethel for a 66-bed expansion project there.

                  With our facility expansion plan underway, it is time to concentrate on the
                  community re-entry piece of our mission. Our Probation staff is the center of this
                  work, and this year will bring an emphasis to recruitment and re-entry planning.
                  We will employ a similar strategy to the one used with our Correctional Officer
                  team. We will recruit and fill our vacancies, present a long range plan and request
                  the resources needed to fulfill our goal. We currently have four vacancies and
                  Director White and her staff will be working on our long-range re-entry plan. The
                  last P.O. academy had four students who had transferred from the Correctional
                  Officer series and one Probation Officer who started as a Criminal Justice
                  Technician. Varied backgrounds and training only strengthens our team, and
                  benefits the department as a whole. We are emphasizing a seamless transition
                  from the institution to the field and a reduction in recidivism.

                  Much of our program plan will be decided in conference so we will be working on
                  those issues and providing updates as well. When the conference process
                  concludes, we hope to release a facility program plan that best prepares the
                  prisoners for a successful reintegration process.

                  Thank you all for the work you do, and for your dedication to our line of work.

                  Joe




               8/28/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0014680
