Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From:     Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                 Sent:     Monday, April 07, 2008 5:18 PM
                 To:       Sarah Palin
                 Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: heads up

               Governor - FYI - Email from Commissioner Schmidt. Thanks, Janice


               From: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
               Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 5:02 PM
               To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: heads up

               Hello Governor,

               Sorry to bring this to you when you are so busy , but you should have a heads-up. Our correctional Officer union
               ACOA is rearing up again . They have orchestrated a "vote of no confidence " against me over two primary
               concerns. First, reductions in staffing and second , employee discipline. They have been in and talked to Randy
               and Mike Nizich . Their main complaint to Randy and Mike was that they couldn't get a meeting with me, so the
               next day we offered a meeting . They responded that they have no interest in meeting with me and they would
               meet with Nizich any time he wanted to talk. They suggested the 231d because they are going to tally the votes on
               the 21M, and they intimated that they may call the media after the count By now you have seen the letter I sent to
               all staff today and it clearly dispels the reduction in staffing notion . As far as discipline, last year was one of
               reform. 49 internal investigations , 26 of which resulted in discipline and 4 ended in termination . (Additionally, 2
               more quit in lieu of termination , and 2 quit during investigations for their own reasons ). Our reports of misconduct
               slowed in October and we have no new investigations pending now. Even though things are relatively quiet now,
               the union made their threats in the thick of things last year and they can't un-ring the bell. We 've worked closely
               with Admin throughout and we feel confident that our actions are justified and I believe our message is received.
               The business of human confinement is not conducive to unsafe worksite practices . To this end , our response will
               be centered around the fact that we are proud to stand with the professionals who had faith in us and reported
               unsafe worksite acts. I just heard that Mike and Randy will be available to brief you further so I don 't have to make
               this e mail any longer. I've sent Janice my schedule for the next couple of weeks , my time is yours if you'd like to
               see me.

               Thanx Governor

               Joe




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014695
