Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                 From :    Rowland, Mindy B (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MBROWLAND]
                 Sent:     Monday, April 07, 2008 8:04 PM
                 To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Cc:       Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                 Subject: SB 59 Gaming/Cabbage Classics...

               Hi Governor,
               I just had a conversation with Rep. Stoltze to find out his reasons for voting against the charitable gaming bill that
               is now before you for consideration. He stressed that his no vote was "a soft no" and that he had a number of
               reasons for doing so. He shared that he had sponsored an amendment that had been added to the bill in House
               Finance that would have prohibited the currently allowed practice of selling raffle tickets for campaigns. The
               Senate rejected this change and the bill was then sent to a conference committee. He fought to stall action
               because he felt strongly about this provision and that raffles should only be for charity. In deference to his friend,
               Rep. Johansen, chair of the conference committee, and at the request of Sen. Stevens, he said he finally relented
               and allowed for the provision to be removed from the bill. He admitted this provision had nothing to do with the bill
               itself, and that he voted against the bill because he was a little mad that he lost this battle.

               He told me he was also upset with the AK Broadcasters Assn for their lack of support for other legislation he had
               been working on.

              His vote, and according to him, the no votes of many other legislators, were protest votes rather than votes
              against charitable gaming. He surmised that other no votes (he didn't name anyone) were to project consistency
              with their efforts to pass a constitutional amendment against gaming.

               Meanwhile today, Russ spoke with Rep. Dahlstrom to get her input. He felt she was pretty adamant that the bill
               should be vetoed.

              Rep. Stoltze told me that the bill has many good aspects. The provision to allow radio advertising would apply to
              raffles only. The intent is that pull tabs and bingos could not be advertised. He envisions that the local hardware
              store, at the end of their radio ad would say "and come on in to buy a raffle ticket to support the Alaska High
              School skipping team." (My words not Bill's) In his opinion, the increase in payout limits from $1 to $2 million is
              inconsequential because most of the payouts are trips and services that don't have a tangible cash value per se.

              So here are the options:
              You can veto the bill, in which case a transmittal letter will be needed to explain your reasons;
              You can allow the bill to become law without your signature, in which case a transmittal letter will be needed to
              explain your reasons; or
              You can sign the bill quietly and no letter of explanation will be necessary.

              Action of some sort on this bill is required by Monday , April 14.

              Let me know if you have any questions or if there is additional information I can provide.

              Thanks
              Mindy

              Mindy Rowland
              Deputy Legislative Director
              Office of Governor Sarah Palm
              465-4021




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014706
