Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Monday, April 07, 2008 6:59 PM
             To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Minority coalition meeting


             What are they talking about? They supposedly sent ME a letter that wasn't responded to?
             I'm clueless on this one...

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>



             Date: Mon, 07 Apr 2008 18:45:31

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles,
             Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Cc:"Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
             <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Hughes, Rosanne (GOV sponsored)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>

             Subject: FW: Minority coalition meeting




             Just learned this afternoon via Angelina's email below that the Alaska Black Leadership
             Conference is holding a press conf regarding communication with the administration. I
             called my friend, Pastor Davis, and he told me that he heard it is tomorrow.



            I called Mayfield and have spoke with him a number of times now. He told me it is about a
            letter that the Alaska Black Leadership Conference sent a month ago and he referred me to
            Dr. Green.  Janice couldn't find it in CTS and I called Dr. Green with Janice conferenced
            in.  I was pretty adamant and firm with Dr. Green; letting him know that he could have and
            should have picked up the phone and called me to find out the status of the letter rather
            than hold a press conference.  He said they sent it return receipt and that it was signed
            for.  They also copied legislators and the congressional delegation. I told him that we
            didn't have a record and I have never seen it.



            We're still researching receipt of the letter and have requested that he fax a copy with
            the return receipt.   He told me he'd call me in the morning which was encouraging. I'm
            hoping that after our conversation, they'll change their mind but...



            I'm wondering if you want to meet with them again upon your return to Anchorage; I can let
            them know and maybe put this off. I'm sure it is along the same lines of the previous
            meeting; however I'll know more once I receive the letter.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014710
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From : Burney , Angelina (CED)

              Sent :   Monday ,   April 07, 2008 4:52 PM

             To: Perry ,     Kristina Y (GOV)

              Subject : Minority coalition meeting



            Good afternoon Kris:



            I received a call today from a friend of mine who attended            a Minority Task Force Coalition
            meeting last Friday .  She called to let me know that there           were some members of the
            African American community who were there that stated that            they were going to be staging a
            press conference sometime soon taking the Governor to task            for not having more minorities
            in her Administration.



            I know this very same issue had come up in the beginning of the Administration but I
            thought you should be aware that there were rumblings once again .   I did not attend this
            meeting myself , so this is all second hand, but I thought I would give you a heads up just
            in case.



            Thanks, have a good evening!



            Angelina




                                                                2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0014711
