Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RTKELLY]
           Sent:                    Monday, April 07, 2008 2:20 PM
           To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D
                                    (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'ftb907@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 Re: Channel 2 - One week left to go story


           I met w / Rosanne and corrected the info from this e-mail .            She was going to talk with you
           right away.




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne (GOV sponsored); Kelly,
           Russell T (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

           Sent:' Mon Apr 07 14:17:57 2008

           Subject: Re: Channel 2 - One week left to go story



           Thanks ivy- just in time, too!

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From :   "Frye, Ivy J (DOA)" <ivy. frye@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 07 Apr 2008 13:36:10

           To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
           <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Hughes, Rosanne (GOV sponsored)"
           <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles,
           Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: Channel 2 - One week left to go story




           As of this morning, there are 119 bills stalled in Senate Finance. Of those 119, 14 bills
           or roughly 10% are bills sponsored by Governor Palin.




           1) Of note, HB 111 Business License Fee Reduction has been stalled in (S) FIN for nearly a
           year--since may of 2007. Commissioner Notti has talked to Sen Stedman personally on this
           bill and Stedman's response was his agenda was full and he wouldn't be hearing the bill.




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014714
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             When Gov. Palin served as mayor and manager of Alaska's fastest growing city she reduced
             the real property tax six years straight, reduced and eventually eliminated the personal
             property tax, and eliminated the small business inventory tax and the business license
             renewal fee in the City of Wasilla. The governor continues to find ways to reduce and
             eliminate burdensome taxes, and protect Alaskans.



             The full list of other governor's bills in (S) FIN include:



            2) CON Repeal -- Perhaps most important, Gov. Palin's Alaska Health Care Transparency Act
            proposes to provide affordable and quality health-care services for all Alaskans. By
            eliminating CON we allow competition, increase choice, and manage rising costs in health
            care services provided in Alaska.   The public is behind the governor in this effort;
            legislators should listen to their constituents on this matter.



            3) G.O Bond for the crime lab--the current lab is inadequate to efficiently process
            evidence.  The new crime lab with serve every PD and AST detachment in the state for
            processing evidence for the next 40 yrs. This request is in line with Gov Palin's
            commitment to providing essential public safety services laid out in Article 1 of the
            State Constitution.



            4) G.O Bonds for transportation projects -- this means Dalton Hwy ,       Parks Hwy , Seward highway
            will not be improved, among others.



            5) Crime omnibus bill-- this bill strengthens the Alaska criminal code including
            increasing penalties for domestic violence and prosecuting cases within the State that
            have already been prosecuted federally including prosecution of public officials.

            Divestment from investments in Sudan



            6&7)The House and Senate version of the nonunion public employee salary increase are also
            pending hearing.



            8) Alcohol Penalties and Local Option--this bill increases penalties for liquor license
            holders that sell alcohol to minors . Also increases penalties for bootleggers who break
            the local option by bringing alcohol into dry communities.



            9) Low-income housing/ homelessness --this bill creates a fund to address the needs of
            Alaska' s homelessness and allows assistance to supply affordable housing for our less
            privledged.   This bill passed out of Sen Fin today!



            10) Natl Guard--allows the governor to delegate to the adjutant general the authority to
            call up the natl guard, and allows DNR to call on the natl guard to fight fires and pay
            them at a range equivalent to emergency firefighters.



            11) Teachers / Hlth Care professionals loan --this bill has been in S FIN since February.
            This bill would repeal the sunset provision and would make the program permanent within
                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0014715
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            AHFC and expands the program. to allow more health care professionals to take advantage of
            housing loans--it's a way to address the severe shortage of health care professionals in
            our state.  Since 2003, 373 teachers and nurses have mortgaged their homes at no
            additional cost to AHFC or the State.



             12)   Transportation Fund




             13) Operating budget




            14) mental health budget




            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 12:48 PM

            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne (GOV sponsored); Kelly, Russell T (GOV);
            Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Frye, Ivy J (DOA); Frank Bailey

            Subject: Re: Channel 2 - One week left to go story



            I'll do it- pls let me know what the status of many of these issues would be. I'm asking
            Frank and ivy to run them down for me also because they're very passionate about getting
            things done this final week of session. I am asking them to assist, as the call went out
            to commissioners last week to also assist in pressuring lawmakers to do the right thing
            and progress bills and budgets. It's my decision to request their assistance.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             - --Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Mon, 07 Apr 2008 11:06:41

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Hughes, Rosanne (GOV sponsored)"
            <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kellyoalaska.gov>,"Tibbles,
            Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

            Subject: FW: Channel 2 - One week left to go story




            This got kicked back to me - resending


                                                          3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0014716
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From : Leighow ,     Sharon W (GOV)

            Sent :   Monday ,   April 07 ,   2008 10:02 AM

            To:·'gov . sarah@yahoo . com'; Hughes ,     Rosanne   ( GOV sponsored );   Kelly ,   Russell T (GOV);
           Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

            Subject : Channel 2 - One week left to go story



           All,



           Bill McAllister is working on a "one week to go" story -what is done - what is left - what
           won't get done etc . This seems like a perfect opportunity to talk about Stedman holding
           bills , the predator control bill and lack of movement on the CON . Thoughts?




           Sharon Leighow

           Deputy Press Secretary

           Deputy Communications Director




           (907) 269 - 7450 Anchorage

           (907) 465 - 4031 Juneau

           (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                                  4




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014717
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page I of 2


                Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Monday, April 07, 2008 2:54 PM
                 To:      ferry mccutcheon
                 Subject: RE: Your UAA veto, thank you
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.




                From : ferry mccutcheon [mailto:susitnahydronow@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 1:38 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Cc: Dyson, Fred (LAA); Bunde, Con (LAA); Cowdery, John (LAA); Ellis, Johnny (LAA); Wielechowski, Bill
                (LAA); McGuire, Lesil L (LAA); Davis, Bettye J (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA); French, Hollis (LAA)
                Subject: Your UAA veto, thank you

                Governor Palin,

                Thank you for vetoing the million dollars for a UAA sports arena last year. Your vote prompted
                substantial changes, but there no reason to believe they are any better, and it did not answer my
                questions. Why wasn't there a competition among the Architecture students for sighting and
                renderings of the proposed new sports arena. No school of Architecture?

                Well, isn't a school of Architecture more important than a new sports arena? The UAA has done
                very well this season in national basketball rankings without a new sports arena. Second, why
                isn't there a College of Petroleum Engineer at the UAA? The oil companies are all
                headquartered in Anchorage; there should be a school of pertroleum enginerring in Anchorage.
                Governor Palm, why do those who want pursue petroleum engineering or geology have to go to
                Fairbanks? When one attends the local SPE meetings, one always hears the engineers
                complaining about having been "volunteered" by the oil companies to go to Fairbanks to teach a
                class or two.

                Why shouldn't the College of Petroleum Engineering in Anchorage be one of the finest in the
                Nation? The UAF's school of mining engineering was in too 5 in the Nation in Territorial days,
                now the UAF has closed it. Guess there is no mining in Alaska! Why does the incompetent
                UAF run the UAA?

                 It is not too hard to put together a College of Petroleum Engineering when one knows from
                where to assemble the some of top talent who can recruit the others. Isn't a top-flight College
                of Petroleum Engineering of more importance to the UAA and Alaska than another sports arena
                for the UAA. Shouldn't first things come first?

                Why cannot the UAA be allowed to have graduate classes so that the UAA is able to award
                advanced degrees ? The unwillingness of the UAF to allow the UAA to award advance degrees
                costs the UAA, Anchorage and Alaska several hundred million dollars a year in research grants;
                why is that allowed to happen ? Isn't allowing the UAA to participate research and the
                additional hundreds of millions of dollars it will bring to the UAA, Anchorage and Alaska more



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0014718
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


               important than a new sports arena?

               Thank you for your attention, your humble constituent, Jerry McCutcheon




               You rock. That's why Blockbuster's offering you one month of Blockbuster Total Access, No Cost.




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014719
