Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, April 07, 2008 1:24 PM
            To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Airline Negotiations


            Thank you. Do you have Beedle' s resume?

            ------Original Message------

            From: Randy Ruaro

            TO: Governor Sarah Palin

            Sent: Apr 7, 2008 10:54 AM

            Subject: RE: Airline Negotiations




           Thanks Governor.




           Also, I spoke with Leo yesterday and he and Frank are meeting with Christine today on the
           issues with the negotiations to get her input. They are hopeful the next round of
           meetings this week will result in an agreement.



           Randy



           Also, on the Senator Elton letter regarding AMHS, we should have a response out tomorrow.
           We need to politely correct a few assumptions Senator Elton made in his letter (It was a
           MEBA union employee who made the mistake) and further explain what occurred and what steps
           have been taken to make sure USCG inspections of vessels are properly handled.   AMHS is
           negotiating with MEBA now to get the job duties associated with USCG inspections back to
           management.



           Mike Tibbles will probably also be touching base with you about permission to hire Jim
           Beedle as the new Deputy Commissioner for AMHS. As I recall his resume, Jim has about 33
           years of experience with AMHS. (17 years as a purser, 3-4 years as head of operations,
           and the last year or so as the special assistant for AMHS)



           Randy




           From; Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014727
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Sent :   Sunday ,   April 06 ,   2008 4:10 PM

             To: Ruaro ,    Randall P (GOV)

             Subject : Fw: Airline Negotiations




            fyi



             --- On Thu , 4/3/08, Von Scheben , Leo (DOT )         < leo.vonscheben@alaska . gov> wrote:

            From : Von Scheben , Leo (DOT )       < leo.vonscheben@alaska.gov>

             Subject : Airline Negotiations

             To: gov . sarah@@yahoo.com

             Cc: "Tibbles ,      Michael A    ( GOV)" <mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Date :   Thursday ,   April 3, 2008 ,   3:22 PM




            Governor,



            Randy Ruaro briefed me on the discussions about airline negotiations and personnel issues.
             Deputy Commissioner Klein is an asset to DOT &PF.  I have generally discussed the
            negotiations and issues with her since she joined the department in February .   Moving
            forward , I will step up her involvement and seek further input and comments as we continue
            the negotiations .  My goal is to get the best possible result for the state and fair terms
            for all the airlines.



           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           On negotiations with the airlines , I have personally spent countless hours for the last
           several months working on the issues with Deputy Commissioner Richards .  We have been able
           to reach agreement on many of the terms with the airlines .  There are a few key open items
           we are still working on . These negotiations are particularly hard because the financial
           interests of the airlines at the table are directly opposite of some of the airlines not
           at the table . For example , Alaska Airlines wants air cargo carriers who do not use the
           passenger terminals to pay tens of millions of dollars over the next 23 years for
           passenger terminal improvements .  Alaska Airlines and the other AAAC members became upset
           with DOT when we disclosed this information to all the other airlines .  I strongly feel it
           would have been unfair to withhold that information .  We will continue to be open with
           information to all airlines that are affected by these negotiations.

                                                                   2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014728
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I will change our negotiating strategy and relieve some of the pressure on Alaska Airlines
            and the other members of the AAAC to reach an agreement at our negotiating session later
            this month.



            I will not declare negotiations at an impasse or send a final and best offer to all the
            individual airlines to review and sign until after you and the chief - of-staff have been
            fully briefed.



            I might add, I believe the next negotiations with the AAAC is going to give me an
            indication of the AAAC seriousness about coming to agreement and concluding the
            negotiations.  We have been at this two (2) years plus and I feel it is time to conclude
            these negotiations.



            Governor , I assure you that I will continue to be very involved and working hard to
            negotiate the best possible terms for the state and fair terms for all the airlines.



            If you would like to discuss these issues . further, please call me.        I am available at your
            convenience.



            Leo




                                                          3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 0014729
