Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                       I
                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Monday , April 07, 2008 2:53 PM
                 To:       jerry mccutcheon
                 Subject: RE: Anchorage dock veto , thank you
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions , and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.




                 From : jerry mccutcheon [mailto:susitnahydronow@yahoo.com)
                 Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 2:16 PM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc: Kookesh, Albert (LAA); Stedman, Bert K (LAA); Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Olson, Donny (LAA); Dyson,
                 Fred (LAA); Stevens, Gary L (LAA); Bunde, Con (LAA); Cowdery, John (LAA); Ellis, Johnny (LAA); Elton,
                 Kim S (LAA); Hoffman, Lyman F (LAA); Wagoner, Tom (LAA); Wielechowski, Bill (LAA); Thomas, Joe
                 (LAA); McGuire, Lesil L (LAA); Davis, Bettye 3 (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA); Therriault, Gene (LAA);
                 Wilken, Gary R (LAA); French, Hollis (LAA); bbragg@adn.com; casdemountaincoalition@yahoo.com;
                 bmcallister@ktuu.com; csb@kbyr.com; greg.johnson@frontiersman.com; cleofusl@hotmail.com;
                 drepasky@ibew1547.org; ebluemink@adn.com; editor@alaskajournal.com; abramstedt@ktuu.com;
                 jackfrost@alaska .com; elvi@alaska.net; bluestate@kudo1080.com; rich@kudol080.com; val baffone
                 address
                 Subject: Anchorage dock veto, thank you


                       Governor your veto of the Anchorage dock bonds was more than justified. I
                 question Mayor Begich, at one of his block parties just after he was first elected,
                 about his advocacy of the new dock. I asked Begich just exactly what he was
                 going to put across the new dock that could not be handled by the old dock because
                 Begich had told the press that all kinds of new things were to use the new dock and
                 that was one of the reasons for new dock.. Begich admitted nothing.

                 Begich then stated the reason for the new dock was because of the new container
                 ships required a larger dock and new cranes. So I went away placated. About 3
                 months latter there was a short article in the Anchorage News about the largest of
                 the new containerships had just docked at the old dock. So I called the Captain of
                 the new container ship and question him extensively about any difficulties he had
                 docking or unloading. None what so ever! Begich simply lied to the press then
                 lied to me.

                 Then there was a discussion on the radio about the dock falling apart during an
                 earthquake as stated by local well-established major engineering firm. The person
                 defending the dock said that was not true because one the cells would survive the
                 earthquake. I thought, for only one portion of the dock to survive when we need all
                 the dock space possible after an earthquake, is nuts!



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0014733
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             the size of the imprint of the roadway . It is our understanding that the Attorney
             General ' s Office has advised DOT they can ignore those restrictions . Even if the Attorney
             General's opinion is correct and DOT can ignore the language , shoul they?

                     It is our belief they should not. They should heed the language inserted by
             Senator Dyson and to that end we are asking you to intervene.

                       Thank you for taking the time in your busy schedule to look at this matter.

             Theresa and Roy Williams



             PS: Even i f some of the money for the project is coming from the Federal Government, it is
             still taxpayer money.



             williamsrv@mtaonline.net




                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0014738
