Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, April 07, 2008 10:18 AM
             To:                      'john. teeter@acsalaska.net
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Sunday, April 06, 2008 8:48 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget




             Web mail from: Mr. John Teeter

             address: 411 Rhonda St. Fairbanks AK 99712

               907-488-3259




             MESSAGE:

             I want you to know I STRONGLY approve of the way you are handling the Budget! Those vetoed
             projects have NO business in the Supplemental Budget and should be considered in the
             Capital Budget if they are needed at all.

             This overall budget is getting WAY OUT OF HAND!! This State can NOT afford to maintain all
             these projects after we build them. I am afraid we are going to be in for a REAL shock in
             a few years and will have to have numerous taxes to keep the State going. The citizens
             cannot afford taxes when we are struggling with the High Cost of Home Heating Oil, High
             Electrical Bills, much higher Food cost etc. I am a retired person who would very much
             like to live out my life in this State if I can, I see the State getting all this oil
             money from individuals like me and then spending it on climbing walls etc. What a waste!!!

             I am for Progress, but it makes me wonder the wisdom of our legislators when I see them in
             such a RUSH to spend all this money. They all have an EGO Problem as far as I am
             concerned. You are the ONLY ONE there in Juneau with a sense of mind.

             Thank You for fighting the battles of the budget while trying to put Alaskans First. You
             are the only one who is doing that.

             Sincerely,

             John F. Teeter

             411 Rhonda St.


                                                                  1




                                                                                                          P RA_GS PO 1 _0014742
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Fairbanks ,   AK 99712




             john. teeter@acsalaska.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0014743
