Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Monday, April 07, 2008 11:16 AM
                 To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Don't Miss the Women of Color Symposium in May!



                From: Sharon Hadary [mailto:symposium@stovellmarketingpr.com]
                Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 8:39 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Don't Miss the Women of Color Symposium in May!




                                                                                           Research to'Roa
                                                                                           Accelerating the Gro!
                                                                                           Businesses Owned bl,




                                                   Center for Women' s Business Research
                                                                  presents
                          Research to Roadmap : Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by WW
                                   A Dynamic and Candid Discussion Based on a Three-year Research Pr

                 "As a minority woman , I am not seen as the standard for a successful business owner..
                 research participants about how she is viewed by corporations , potential employees, an

                 Learn about the challenges confronting women business owners who are African Ameri
                 and other ethnicities . Hear what it means for corporations , policy makers, educators an(
                 business owners. See the full agenda.

                 Three leading women business owners believe the research results are so compelling 's
                 economy confronts the intersection of race and gender that they are co-chairing this eve
                 experiences.

                 Hear from a compelling roster of speakers that includes nine leading women business o
                 participated in the research , top executives from this nation's leading corporations and t
                 researchers and sociologists . Participate in interactive discussions and generate recomi
                 other policy, business , and nonprofit leaders, including the women business owners the

                 Seating is limited . Register now!
                                          Please join the Center for Women ' s Business Research
                                                      at our 2008 National Symposium,
                                   where we will share the results of our three -year, ground breaking
                                    Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Coh

                                                                           WHEN
                                                       Tuesday , May 6, 2008 - Wednesday, May 7, 2008




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                                                                         WHERE
                                                                      Omni Shoreham
                                                                   2500 Calvert Street NW
                                                                   Washington, DC 20008


                                                                           ATTIRE
                                                                           Business


                                                                    View Event Summary


                                                                             RSVP
                                                                     Friday, April 18, 2008



                                                     Please respond by clicking one of the buttons below




                                                                                  i
                                                                                  k w
                                                                                         i'Irv


                               Having trouble with the link? Simply copy and paste the entire address listed below into your
                               web browser:
                               http://guestcvent.comfi.aspx? 5S,P1 , F9900D06-4BB6-4BFC-8774- F5208FB991 C3

                               If you do not wish to receive future emails from Center for Women 's Business Research please
                               click the link below.
                               Click here



                 event




                  10/22/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0014766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                    Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                    From :    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=REC1 PIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
                    Sent:     Tuesday, April 08, 2008 1:39 PM
                    To:       Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
                    Cc:       Sarah Patin
                    Subject: State Seat Task Force

                  The Governor asked that this be forwarded to above parties. Please note that this has not been released yet and
                  is confidential. Thank you, Janice


                  From: Mason , Janice L (GOV)
                  Sent: Tuesday, April 08, 2008 1:35 PM
                  To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                  Subject: Scan




                   6/9/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0014767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                  COPROFFM
                                           ALASKA. T'ATE L E LAT[;T
                                           MOUSE RULES COME
                                      R EFRFSEN`ll'A `              JOHN .COGHCLL,              CIIRMAN
                                                                                                   A
                                                 Slatc .Capltol juh^u, A!t 998Or 1Y87 ff^t3Ty x3 24.
                                                 1292 Sadler. Way, Fairbanks itK 99701(90. ) 48 5o8




                          Date: April 7, 2008

                          To:    Tam Cook, Legal Counsel

                          From, Rjmnieva Moss, Legislative Aide

                          Re:    State Seal Task Force


                          Establishing a task force to make recommendations regarding . a new design for the
                          official seal. of lie State of Alaska:

                          BE IT RESOLVED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF ALASKA,

                           MEREASthe official seal of the, state was designed in 1910 by federal attd territorial
                          officials long, forty :tine years before Alaska became.theforty ninth state; and

                          WHEREAS the seal should represent modem Alaska and its diverse peoples and
                          abundance. of natural resources; and

                          WHEREAS the seal should include recognition of the many Native cultures of Alaska;

                          WHEREAS, the seal could be redesigned through a process that involves many different
                          segments of the population, including school children, the state's historical library, the
                          Alaska State Council on the Arts, the Alaska Historical Commission the Alaska Native
                          Heritage Center, and the Pioneers of Alaska;

                          BE IT RESOLVED that the Alaska State Legislature establishes in the legislative branch
                          the Task Force on the State Seal whose mission is .to gather input from the. citizens of
                          Alaska about what the official state seal should look like and to make recommendations
                          to the legislature about a proposed new design for a new official seal for the State of
                          Alaska; and be it

                          FURTHER RESOLVED that the.:presiding officers of Alaska State House and the Alaska
                          State Senate shall appoint two members of each body to the task fore; and be it




                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0014768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                          FURTHER RE OLVED that the Governor is.respectfully r              tes xl to appoint a:xt nber
                          to the task force; and be it

                          FLIRTER RESOLVED t} $: the presiding oI cer stto;)aiitttyalap t t uber 6f the. task
                          force to represent the- Alaska iet rage Center end `2 t    to represent the Pioneers Ck
                          Alaska; and be it

                          FURTHER =RESOLVED t pt the task farce may I n its work it ? ately upon
                          appointment : of tbnr of the seven members .specified in this resolution, may seslecta chair
                          from among its members may meet betwea sessa ns, afthe legislature, may solicit ideas
                                                                      ea
                          fbr.the state seal in a manner considered appropriate by the:tt sk force, and shall report its
                          recommendations as to a proposed new official state       to i tt a legislature by the first day
                          of the First Regular Session; and be it

                          FURTHER RESOLVED that the Legislative Council shall `provide reasmiably necessary
                          ati nitustrativ a services to the task force upon request of the task fd and be it

                          FURTHER RESOLVED that the members-of-the task free are entitled to reimbursement
                          of travel costs associated with attending nmeetlings of the taskiatce;: arzd-bc it

                          FURTHER RESOLVED.that .the task fierce established tinder this resolution is
                          tertrt rated on the last day. of t e First i egu9ar 5 n bf the Verity-Sixth Alaska State
                          Leesla.




                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0014769
