Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:                    Tuesday, April 08, 2008 4:21 PM
               To:                      jmacinak@alaska.net
               Subject:                 RE: Oil&amp;Gas


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she'is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

               Sent: Tuesday, April 08,        2008 4:29 PM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



              Web mail from: Mr. John McDowell

              address: PO box 91861 Anchorage AK 99509




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Sarah. I remember back when I was still working,.. and a real good friend of mine
              named Don Graber, told me that you might make a real good governor. Now me being a Jay
              Hammond democrat most all my adult life, and you being a republican, ..well I had to think
              about what Don said. When you did run against the previous governor, and after listening
              to you, and learning about you, well I joined the rest of most of the folks in Alaska and
              voted for you. I'm glad I did. I know they are too. You have done more for this state than
              anyone else since Jay Hammond. I hope you realize what you have helped accomplish for
              Alaska. I think you do. I just want to thank you for myself, and future generations of
              Alaskans, for your faith in Alaska and its people. You have carved your name into Alaskan
              history... and I'm so glad to have been here as it unfolds. History is being made. Again
              Sarah,.. thank you.



              jmacinak@alaska.net




                                                                     1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014784
