Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 08, 2008 11:11 AM
            To:                      'bjscoresby@ mtaonline.net'
            Subject:                 RE: Natural-Resources


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 08, 2008 11:35 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Natural-Resources




            Web mail from: Bryan Scoresby

            address: PO Box 952 Palmer AK 99645

              907-746-6521




            MESSAGE :

            I heard on the news that Cliff Judkins of the Board of Game wants to protect the wildlife
            on the Tangle Lakes area near Paxton. In reading the news article about it I wonder who
            we are protecting the wildlife from. Ultimately, the protection is from people. This is
            already being done by the BLM and the State of AK by limiting access into these areas.



            I use this area every fall for my annual moose hunt. I suggest that the area is alread
            adequalty "protected" and access is already limited beyond reason. Please resist any
            efforts to close these areas to sportsman. In fact, I feel it would betters serve the
            citezens to open more of these areas to off road use.



            Sincerely,



            Bryan J. Scoresby



            bjscoresby@mtaonline.net


                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014790
