Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palm (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, April 08, 2008 8:53 AM
             To:                      'timmyjoanna@yahoo.com'
             Subject :                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 10:33 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Joanne Casqueira

             address: 1200 E Holland Ave. Wasilla AK 99654

              (907) 376-0299




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

             My name is Joanne Casqueira, I've lived in Ak for almost 30 years. I raised 4 children in
            the small town of Big Lake.

              Now my youngest Alexander (20 years old) is a proud member of the U.S. Marine Corp. He
            has already been to Iraq once and is being sent back again, we are all very proud of him!

              Unfortunaly, he call me today from Camp Pennelton to see if I could start some sort of
             "Fund-raising" for him and his troops.

             He told me they do not have the proper equipment to fight and stay alive. This broke my
            heart, so I started calling every buisness in Wasilla asking for their help, Wal-Mart,Fred
            Meyers, H&R Block, Sears even the Geat Alaska Pizza Company.

             Most seem willing to help.

              I have set up a account for Alex and his troop through a company based in Ca. called
            "Combact Ready" in San Clemente.Ca. (949)276-2333, Travis Box or Collin Owens are in
            charge.Please, if you can help me, help all the young men and women who fight for us and
            would die for us while asking nothing in return I would be forever grateful. As Alaskan's
            we need to join together to make sure these brave soldiers have EXACTLY what they need to
            do their job, that WE sent them there to do. Please Governor Palin, just take one moment
            to call Travis Box or Collin Owens @ (949)276-2333 and they can tell what and why OUR
            children need Alaskans to pull together and help.




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014797
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               How sad my son a "Lance Corporal" of the U.S.M.C. had to call his Mother for help, for
             proper "gear"

                          Thank-You Joanne Casqueira



             timmy_joanna@yahoo.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0014798
