Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Tuesday, April 08, 2008 9:46 AM
            To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                  FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent :   Tuesday, April 08, 2008 10:48 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from : Mr. Andy Kirkpatrick

            address :   1994 Bear Creek Dr. Ontario NY 14519

              585-726-2858




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

                Thank you very much for taking the time to send me your autographed photo, I love it.
            I don't hear your named mentioned much anymore about you and a Sen . McCain ticket, but I
            do keep my fingers crossed!



            Thanks again!



            Yours truly,

            Andy Kirkpatrick




            akirkker@yahoo.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0014794
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Fw: heads up                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


                 Unknown

                 From :     Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JDSCHMIDT]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, April 08, 2008 2:13 PM
                 To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Subject: RE: heads up
                 Thank you Governor, you are the best boss a person could have. thanx for the support. We'll continue to
                 do what we know is right and make you proud!

                 Joe


                 From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Tue 4/8/2008 11:26 AM
                 To: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
                 Subject: Fw: heads up

                 You're doing an amazing job Joe- and we were just talking about you on the third floor , how much we've
                 appreciated your patience and tolerance for the political shenanigans that go on in Juneau during the session . I've got
                 your back. I support you 100-percent and I don't want you worrying about anything . Mike or you or whomever can
                 brief me more fully on any details here, but please know you have the full Administration's full support. If you want
                 to talk on the phone tomorrow I can have Janice schedule time for that . Hang in there!
                 ------Original Message-----
                 From : Janice Mason
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc: M Nizich
                 Cc: Randy Ruaro
                 Sent: Apr 7, 2008 5:18 PM
                 Subject: FW: heads up

                 Governor - FYI - Email from Commissioner Schmidt. Thanks, Janice




                From: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
                Sent: Monday, April 07, 2008 5:02 PM
                To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: heads up

                Hello Governor,

                 Sorry to bring this to you when you are so busy, but you should have a heads-up. Our correctional Officer union
                ACOA is rearing up again . They have orchestrated a "vote of no confidence" against me over two primary concerns.
                First, reductions in staffing and second, employee discipline. They have been in and talked to Randy and Mike
                Nizich. Their main complaint to Randy and Mike was that they couldn' t get a meeting with me, so the next day we
                offered a meeting. They responded that they have no interest in meeting with me and they would meet with Nizich
                any time he wanted to talk. They suggested the 23rd because they are going to tally the votes on the 21st, and they
                intimated that they may call the media after the count. By now you have seen the letter I sent to all staff today and it
                clearly dispels the reduction in staffing notion. As far as discipline, last year was one of reform. 49 internal
                investigations, 26 of which resulted in discipline and 4 ended in termination. (Additionally, 2 more quit in lieu of
                termination, and 2 quit during investigations for their own reasons). Our reports of misconduct slowed in October
                and we have no new investigations pending now. Even though things are relatively quiet now, the union made their
                threats in the

                Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0014795
