Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From :    Rowland, Mindy B (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MBROWLAND]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, April 09, 2008 6:30 PM
                 To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Cc:       Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Alaska Map w/ Per Capita Capital Approps.

               Hi Governor,

               You had asked for a visual representation of the per capita budget appropriations of the House Finance CS. I got
               with Andy and he worked up a really great Alaska map and punched in the numbers I gave him. He tells me that it
               takes about 2 hours to have it printed so we'll want to make sure we can get the timing right so you have it for use
               in a press conference before the bill hits the House floor (I'm assuming this is the reason for your request).

               I've attached the graph but I don't know if you can view it from your Blackberry. We're in a bit of a holding pattern
               here at the office right now and I'd be happy to run a paper copy over to you at the House if you'd like.

               Please let me know what you decide.

               Thanks
               Mindy

               Mindy Rowland
               Deputy Legislative Director
               Office of Governor Sarah Patin
               465-4021




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0014812
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Message                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From :          Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                 GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICHJ
                 Sent:           Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:52 PM
                 To:             gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject:        FW: Guardian Flight Press Release
                 Importance: High

               The latest on MAST


               From: Pierre, Mchugh (ANG)
               Sent: Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:46 PM
               To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Cramer, John W (MVA); Campbell, Craig (MVA); Katkus, Tom BG NGAK (DMVA
               Sponsored)
               Subject: FW: Guardian Flight Press Release
               Importance: High

               Guardian Flight service is trying to put together a coalition , with State Troopers , to provide air ambulance
               services to interior Alaska.
               They bought a helicopter for use in the Fairbanks area and have not officially signed a contract with the US Army.
               Also, Sen . Wilken has been working very closely , as you all know , with us and is very upset about the.Rep.
               Kawasaki reference in the 5 th graf of the press release sent out today by Guardian.
               Thanks,

               McHugh Pierre
               Director of Public Relations & Legislative Liaison
               Alaska Department of Military and Veterans Affairs
               907-321 -2179 cell
               907-465-4402 Juneau office
                 --Original Message----
                 From: Chris Freiberg [mailto : Cfreiberg @newsminer.com]
                 Sent: Wednesday, April 09, 2008 1:55 PM
                 To: djohnson @ iremsc.org
                 Subject: Fwd: Guardian Flight Press Release




                 Begin forwarded message:


                 From : "Robert Bonestroo" <rbonestrooiMgfaircare.com>
                 Date: April 9, 20081:36:18 PM AKDT
                 To: <Cfreibergfnewsminer.com>
                 Subject: Guardian Flight Press Release

                 Guardian Flight Inc. is pleased to announce the introduction of a civilian helicopter EMS program to Interior Alaska. With the
                 US Army MAST helicopter program set to depart permanently on July 1, emergency services in the interior are faced with
                 an enormous void in their ability to locate and rescue the ill and injured . Guardian Flight, the largest, most experienced and
                 only CAMTS accredited critical care air ambulance based in the interior, will be providing the medical infrastructure as well
                 as highly trained medical specialists to staff a helicopter provided by Air Logistics , a vendor with its own long history of
                 Interior service.
                 Since the 1970' s, the MAST program has provided the vast interior of Alaska with superior helicopter air medical services,




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0014813
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Message                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                searching for and rescuing lost hikers , victims of remote AN and plane crashes , as well as those injured in motor vehicle
                collisions on remote highways . With extraordinarily skilled flight crews and the singular capabilities of the Blackhawk
                helicopter, both residents of, and visitors to the interior could always count on MAST to provide help from above when the
                chips were down.
                However, with MASTs announcement of their planned departure , the interior of Alaska was left scrambling for an
                alternative . There were no easy answers since MAST has provided the backbone of the Troopers search and rescue
                capabilities in addition to providing medevac services for their own military personnel . And virtually all of the individual EMS
                groups in the interior have benefited in the past as well.
                "We will require the support of the state , the military, local EMS , as well as the community at large to make this a viable
                entity" says Guardian Flights owner and president Dr. Eric Stirling. "The costs of a helicopter program are otherwise
                prohibitive . But with adequate support, we feel that we can provide a significant majority of the services currently performed
                by MAST."
                Scott Kawasaki , state representative from Fairbanks has taken an active role in garnering governmental support for the
                forthcoming program . With a past that has included working in the emergency department at Fairbanks Memorial Hospital,
                Scott has a unique appreciation for the interior 's emergency medical needs. "I've met with Scott and he has been nothing
                but supportive and helpful" says Dr. Marc Dumas , the new program's medical director and former civilian medical director of
                MAST. "We're hoping that the state will be able to step up to the plate and provide some significant degree of support. With
                Scott on our side, we 're that much closer."
                Guardian Flight has been providing fixed -wing critical care air ambulance services to the interior for more than 10 years. Air
                Logistics of Alaska , a Bristow company , entered the Alaska market in 1977 . Air Log's core business is helicopter
                transportation services targeted to Alaska's oil and gas and related support industries . This will be their first foray into the
                medevac arena in Alaska.
                Thanks,
                Marc

                Marc Dumas , MD, FACEP, FAAEM

                Flight Physician

                Guardian Flight, Inc.

                1166 skyline Drive

                Fairbanks , Alaska 99712

                ph; 907-457-1458

                fax: 907-457-4243

                email: ssl ylinept alaska.com




               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0014814
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Clear Day                                                                                            Pagel of2



                 Unknown

                  From :     Bailey , Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROU P/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=FTBAI LEY]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:22 PM
                  To:        'Sarah Palin ; 'krisandclark @yahoo. com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com; 'ivyfrye@yahoo.com'
                  Subject: FW: Mike Heimbuch' s opinion piece



                 Mike's final that went in the Clarion on spending and locally supported priorities.

                 From: Jane Alberts [mai[to:Jane Alberts@legis.state.ak.us]
                 Sent: Wednesday, April 09, 2008 2:11 PM
                 To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
                 Subject: re: Mike Heimbuch's opinion piece



                 Hi Frank:

                 Hey, just wanted to thank you for getting Mike to write this piece . Nice to see this sentiment voiced once in
                 awhile. I lived in Homer, too, for 17 years, and can concur with his view of this . And I sometimes wonder how
                 much the public really knows or approves of, when it comes to state spending , other than what they ultimately
                 read in the papers.

                 'Fluffy stuff should be determined by the voters

                 hftp://peninsulaclarion . com/stodes/040908/lefters-4846.shtml?p

                  Have a nice day!

                 Jane

                 Jane Alberts
                 Aide to Senator Con Bunde , District P
                 Alaska State Capitol
                 Juneau, Alaska 99801
                 907-465-4843
                 907-465-3871 FAX

                 Web posted Wednesday , April 9, 2008

                 'Fluffy stuff' should be determined by the voters

                 Senator Bert Stedman in Juneau has been defending his proposed district projects and fighting
                 with the governor over her veto threats . In the newspaper he says: "I can defend and justify
                 every project in that district . You'll see there is no fluffy stuff."

                 Stedman 's words reflect part of a problem with public spending , and Homer residents may have
                 provided a suitable response with their recent vote on a bond issue.

                 Legislators are the focal point for projects originated by municipalities and other interest groups.


                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0014815
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Clear Day                                                                                   Page 2 of 2




                Certainly these groups don 't see their projects as "fluffy stuff," nor do we expect them to since
                these projects often make it onto CIP wish lists of a city or borough . But that may not be
                sufficient proof of public need or community support.

                In Homer this last month , by a 2-1 margin , voters rejected an $8 million bond for a new city hall
                and town center. This project had support of the Legislature , university, city government and
                several interest groups, stretching back many years.

                The Homer vote can be instructive for us. Often times the very people who bring projects forward
                for public funding have not measured the will of the people . The fact that an interest group or
                local government has a decent purpose in mind is not adequate reason to hold the public treasury
                hostage or badger people into spending it.

                 It may be difficult to see why a governor might personally agree with and support the public
                 purpose of a project ,, and yet find reason to disapprove spending public money on it . It is simply
                 because the governor is not elected to impose their personal preferences upon the public or hand
                 out some yearly allowance to well - behaved children . People expect the governor to apply a
                 consistent and defensible approach for measuring public need prior to spending public money.

                To the extent that election of a governor reflects the will of the people ,, so then must the
                people ' s will be reflected in the veto pen of the governor.

                 Mike Heimbuch

                 Homer




               8/26/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0014816
