Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 09, 2008 9:04 AM
            To:                      Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: D.C.


            I couldn't imagine my kids not growing up with their cousins. It's a very precious part of
            their upbringing.

            But won't your mother-in-law wring your neck if you're a few thousand miles away?



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Wed Apr 09 08:57:33 2008

            Subject: RE: D.C.




            Governor,

            I really appreciate those words of encouragement ... and your support for the move.



            I still regret how it came out...and wish I had had the opportunity to explain our
            reasoning for being interested in the move...before you heard from John. I thought we had
            all been clear on the plan to wait, internally, but I also understand John's desire to
            quickly move things along and solidify his team.



            Suffice to say, Ellen and I are interested in the move for a variety of reasons, and not
            the least of which is that my entire family is on the East Coast. My mother is moving
            soon from N.H. and will be only a short trip north of D.C. It gives me the opportunity to
            serve Alaska and still be within short trips of my rather large family (Gus and Joshua
            have 17 cousins).  We've missed them very much.



            Thank you again for your understanding about the mix-up on communications, and for your
            support of this decision. I am forever grateful for the opportunity to serve this office
            and this state that has been so good to me and my family. It will be an honor to continue
            that service in our nation's capital.



            Russ




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Wednesday, April 09,         2008 8:37 AM


                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014828
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To: Kelly , Russell T (GOV)

             Subject :   Re: D.C.




             Don't feel bad about this at all. Russ- if you and your family are feeling led to broaden
             your horizons , take on new challenges , and go through an open door that is there before
             you, then you are wise to seek confirmation on this and , then , to grab it!



             You and Ellen are at a cool point in life where you're seeing new chapters unfold. If
             working together in DC for Alaska ' s benefit is appealing to you, I support you and it can
             be a very good thing for you and our state.



             Thank you!



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

             Sent: Wed Apr 09 08:29 :42 2008.

             Subject: D.C.




            Governor,



            I'm sorry for the mix - up. The D . C. discussion was supposed to occur after session. I was
            going to ask your permission , once the dust had settled ...next week.




            I apologize for not having brought it up before you heard from John .          That was not my
            intention and I feel badly about it.




            Russ




                                                            2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0014829
