Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                 From :   Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Wednesday, April 09, 2008 3:44 PM
                To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne (GOV
                          sponsored)
                Subject: update
                Stefan Milkowski just stopped me in the stairwell and asked me if you had worked out an agreement with
                the legislature on overall spending. I told him about the meeting this morning (with the presiding officers
                and finance co-chairs), which was cordial, and that I was not aware of any agreement on spending levels.

                He asked about legislation, also. I told him that you were firm on your CON stance and were adamant
                about getting another hearing in H FIN (I've been to Meyer's office again today asking for a hearing).

                I told him you were frustrated with the fact that HB 111, Business License Fee, hasn't been heard in S
                FIN and that Sen. Stedman is apparently unaffected by concerns over this bill being held. We also talked
                about HB 106, Studded Tire Fee Repeal, which passed the House today by a 39-0 vote, and promptly got
                TWO referrals in the Senate (TRANS, FIN). I explained to Stefan that I've already asked Sen. Kookesh
                (S TRANS chair) to see if the bill could get waived out of his committee. Sen. Kookesh agreed and
                hopefully that will get done quickly, which means the bill will get in line in S FIN.

                The other bill in S FIN we have concern over is HB 325, Teachers/Health Care Professionals Housing
                Loan, but Bryan Butcher, AHFC, says that bill will get heard. He's been assured. That said, we'll keep on
                it.




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0014851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 5


                 Unknown
                 From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, April 09, 2008 8:55 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject : FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 8-14, 2008



                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, April 08, 2008 11:06 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 8-14, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                          Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 8-14, 2008


                 HEADLINES...
                 1. Congressional E-Waste Plan Draws Ire from Many Corners
                 2. New York City Mayor Bloomberg Signs E -Waste Bill
                 3. Advanced Disposal Acquires Appalachian Waste , Expanding
                    into North Georgia
                 4. Dell Is Powering Headquarters on Landfill Waste
                 5. Company to Produce Synthetic Jet Fuel from Garbage
                 6. Alter NRG Closes $46-Million Bought -Deal Financing
                 7.  Georgia Power Strikes another Deal for Power from Landfill
                     Waste
                 8. Republic Services to Release First Quarter and Host
                     Conference Call on April 24
                 9. Waste Connections to Release 1st Quarter Results April 21
                 10. Oshkosh Appoints Christian Tecca Managing Director , Geesink
                     Norba Group
                 11. Waste Services to Announce First Quarter Results on April 22


                  The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                  provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                  please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                  Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.


                                  ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

                 Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                 the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and
                 comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                 processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                 The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites Is a
                 powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                 to-date , detailed operating profiles of all landfills , waste-to-energy plants,




                 10/22/2009
                                                                                                                                                 I
                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0014852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 5


                 materials recovery facilities , construction & demolition landfills , transfer
                 stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                 [Learn More...]


                 1.   CONGRESSIONAL E-WASTE PLAN DRAWS IRE FROM MANY
                      CORNERS
                      A legislative blueprint for e-waste regulation , detailed In a concept
                      paper, is drawing ire from many corners including the EPA , states,
                      Industry and environmental groups, each with an axe to grind. The
                      concept paper was crafted by staff working for lawmakers who are
                      members of an informal , bipartisan e-waste working group . The plan
                      calls for a new e-waste subtitle of the Resource Conservation & Recovery
                      Act (RCRA). It would ban landfilling of recyclable e-wastes, regulate it as
                      a new category of waste while exempting it from current rules governing
                      solid and hazardous waste; require EPA to set minimum standards for
                      new state programs while grandfathering existing state programs; and
                      require Increased notifications and consent from receiving countries for
                      e-waste exports . Among those critical of the measure Is the Consumer
                      Electronics Association which calls it unfair and unbalanced by placing
                      financial responsibility on the industry for recycling its products. They
                      cite surveys that show take - back fees would not be effective ... Read
                      More »


                 2.    NEW YORK CITY MAYOR BLOOMBERG SIGNS E-WASTE BILL
                      As expected, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg signed into law a
                      bill that requires manufacturers of computers, televisions and other
                      electronic equipment to establish recycling programs for those products
                      in the city and to dispose of them In an environmentally sound manner.
                      A second part of the bill, to which the Mayor objects, would further
                      require manufacturers to meet certain recycling benchmarks and
                      involves an escalating fee structure. He has said that he would veto this
                      part of the bill because it disproportionately burdens manufactures
                      Instead of wholesalers whom actually sell directly to the public. Under
                      the legislation that passed, electronics manufacturers are to develop and
                      operate programs that could include curbside or neighborhood collection
                      and returns by mail and in stores. Consumers would be required to
                      participate, and by 2010 could face a $100 fine for throwing out specific
                      e-waste. Twelve states have adopted electronic waste laws. New York
                      City is the first municipality to do so ...Read More '


                3.    ADVANCED DISPOSAL ACQUIRES APPALACHIAN WASTE,
                       EXPANDING INTO NORTH GEORGIA
                      Jacksonville, Fla.-based Advanced Disposal Services Inc., continuing its
                      expansion dropout the southeast, recently acquired Blue Ridge, Ga. -
                      based Appalachian Waste Services LLC and its affiliate Mountain
                      Convenience Center Properties LLC. Terms of the deal were not
                      disclosed. The acquisition adds landfill capacity and opens markets in the
                      north Georgia and North Carolina. It is the second deal for Advanced
                      Disposal in little over a month. In late February, they purchased the
                      hauling and recycling operations including a construction debris landfill
                      from Waste Services Inc. for $57.5 million. Advanced Disposal, which
                      itself is a unit of AIG Highstar, already owns and operates waste
                      collection, processing and disposal operations in Florida, Georgia,
                      Alabama and Mississippi... Read More »


                4.    DELL IS POWERING HEADQUARTERS ON LANDFILL WASTE
                      With great fanfare , Dell Computer, TXU Energy and Waste Management
                      announced a partnership whereby energy from landfill gas, a renewable
                      resource will provide much of the power used by Dell 's 2.1 million
                      square-foot global headquarters . Forty percent of Dell 's campus power




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0014853
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 3 of 5


                     needs are being met by power generated from Waste Management's
                     Austin Community Landfill gas-to-energy plant, while the remaining sixty
                     percent comes from existing wind farms provided by TXU Energy. "We're
                     looking to be carbon neutral as a company and we've done that today,"
                     said Dell representative Dane Parker... Read More »


                5.   COMPANY TO PRODUCE SYNTHETIC JET FUEL FROM GARBAGE
                     A Los Angeles-based synthetic fuel developer, Rentech, Inc. is expanding
                     an initiative to produce synthetic biofuels including jet fuel from
                     municipal solid waste (MSW). The company has developed a clean-
                     energy technology that converts ordinary MSW Into ultra-clean,
                     biodegradable jet fuel, potentially meeting the needs of local airports
                     and communities. Virgin Airlines successfully demonstrated the use of
                     biofuels derived from coconut and Brazilian babassu nuts in a
                     commercial airliner during a recent test flight from London to
                     Amsterdam. According to Richard Penning, EVP of Commercial Affairs for
                     Rentech, "We believe our technology's ability to convert non-food
                     feedstock such as MSW Into biofuels provides the aviation industry with
                     an excellent opportunity to reduce its carbon footprint. Large cities with
                     busy airports and decreasing landfill space are ideal areas for us to offer
                     this solution ."..Read More))


                 Market Radius Reports
                 Focus on Your Market...
                 Market radius reports capture all waste
                 operations within a given market. They
                 provide analysis of the major players by
                 market share, and show historical trends
                 of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                 to that area. [ Learn More...]




                6.   ALTER NRG CLOSES $46-MILLION BOUGHT -DEAL FINANCING
                     Alter NRG Corp. dosed on its previously announced bought-deal
                     financing of 10.4 million shares at an issue price of $4.40 per each
                     (including the full exercise of the overallotment option) for total gross
                     proceeds of about $46 million through a syndicate of underwriters, led
                     by Raymond James Ltd., and Including Wellington West Capital Markets
                     Inc., Canaccord Capital Corp., Paradigm Capital Inc., Blackmont Capital
                     Inc. and Genuity Capital Markets. Net proceeds of the financing are to be
                     used for project development and general working capital purposes.
                     Potential projects include among others, the St. Lucie waste-to-energy
                     project. The issued shares are subject to the customary hold period
                     which will expire on Aug. 4, 2008... Read More »


                7.   GEORGIA POWER STRIKES ANOTHER DEAL FOR POWER FROM
                     LANDFILL. WASTE
                     Georgia Power recently signed another deal to purchase power from
                     landfill waste. The 10-year contract with Waste To Energy Cedar Grove
                     LLC is for electricity generated through gasification, a process whereby
                     waste is heated in an oxygen-deprived environment which converts it
                     into a synthetic gas and recyclable inert material. Georgia Power will buy
                     100 percent of the Cedar Grove plant's capacity, which will produce six
                     megawatts of renewable energy annually with plans to expand to 18
                     megawatts within the year. Waste will come from the Lamar County
                     Regional Landfill in Barnesville, GA. Georgia Power's energy portfolio
                     now has contracts with seven qualified biomass and renewable facilities
                     in Georgia that will generate 136 megawatts of capacity ... Read More »




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0014854
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 5




                8.   REPUBLIC SERVICES TO RELEASE FIRST QUARTER AND HOST
                     CONFERENCE CALL ON APRIL 24
                     Republic Services will announce first quarter earnings and host a
                     conference call on Thursday, April 24, 2008 at 8:30 a.m. (EDT)... Read
                     More »


                9.   WASTE CONNECTIONS TO RELEASE 1ST QUARTER RESULTS
                     APRIL 21
                     Waste Connections plans to announce first quarter financial results at
                     the close of the market on April 21. The company will host a conference
                     call the following day at 8:30 a.m. ( EDT)...Read More u


                10. OSHKOSH APPOINTS CHRISTIAN TECCA MANAGING
                    DIRECTOR, GEESINK NORBA GROUP
                    Oshkosh Corp. announced that it has appointed Christian Tecca as
                    managing director of the Geesink Norba Group, the company's
                    integrated European line of refuse collection and compaction equipment.
                    Tecca was most recently president of Thomas & Betts of Richmond, VA
                    where he managed the acquisition of Danaher Power Solutions,
                    LLC... Read More »


                 11. WASTE SERVICES TO ANNOUNCE FIRST QUARTER RESULTS
                     ON APRIL 22
                     Waste Services, Inc. will release first quarter results for 2008 at the
                     close of the market on April 22 and host a conference call the following
                     day at 8:30 a.m. ( EDT)... Read More »


                 Waste Market Overview &            $ke of the Waste Management Industry
                                                    #ical and Projected
                 Outlook                            4h 811111- d$> ^
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation, collection,
                 processing, recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal , and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment
                 · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 (Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0014855
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 5 of 5


                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                 PO Box 40034
                 San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                 Tel 619.793.5190
                 Fax 619.793.4713
                 Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                 UNSUBSCRIBE
                 This email was sent to office_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                 info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                 Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                 SafeUnsubscribe TM I Privacy Policy.
                 QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                 Email thompson @wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 DISCLAIMER
                 Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                Land are unintentional.




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0014856
