Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :    tommyjoe@alaska.com on behalf of Tom Dawson [tommyjoe@alaska.com]
                Sent:     Wednesday, April 09, 2008 4:41 PM
                To:       Ilegge@charter.net
                Cc:       Ken Kreitzer; case@alaskanmarineadventures.com; Beartrack Charters; Captain B's Alaskan C's
                          Adventures; Alaska Charter Association; Jack Cadigan; Ken Larson; Max Nix; olesandy; Peter B
                          Wright; toni@hitime.com; Whales Eye Lodge - Rick Bierman; Glynn; Brian J (DFG); Governor Sarah
                          Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                Subject: Southwest Airline Pilots fishing trip...

                Len,

                  Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game sent out the following announcement yesterday. Please see the attached
                document.

                   You will note that these new regulations will affect the fishing trip you have scheduled for your big
                group of Southwest Airlines Pilots you've scheduled for August 12th and 13th. Your scheduled fishing
                trip falls into the time frame that ADFG has chosen to prohibit the retention of all King
                Salmon less than 48 Inches in length in the Juneau area.

                  This ADFG announcement even eliminates the retention of King Salmon under 48" during our 62nd
                annual Golden North Salmon Derby. (scheduled for Aug 8th, 9th and 10th as I mentioned to you earlier).

                   1 sincerely regret having to inform you of this situation, and was looking forward to showing your group
                of Pilots a good time fishing here in Juneau, as we have done many times over the past years, but I am
                letting you know about this as soon as I have learned, so you can decide if this action will mean a change
                in your groups plans for this year.

                  1 have included the fax numbers and email address for both the Alaska Governor's Chief of staff, Mike
                Tibbles, and the Commissioner of Fish & Game, Denby Lloyd. I would hope that you or your group would
                contact them and express your thoughts regarding this. Or you can access the State's web site at
                www.state.ak.us and find any other individual's that you would like to send an email to.

                  Mike Tibbles, fax: 907-465-3532 govemo alaska.gov
                  Denby Lloyd, fax: 907-465-2332 denby.liovdl a/aska.gov

                  / look forward to hearing back from you soon.

                Capt. Tommy
                Three Eagle Charters




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI 0014849
