Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 09, 2008 8:34 AM
            To:                      'sean_winschel@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Military_and_Veterans Affairs


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 08, 2008 6:19 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



           Web mail from: Mr. sean winschel

            address: 1216 bainbridge blvd fairbanks AK 99701

             9073746650




           MESSAGE:

           hello!I need help and I'm trying to pull strings.My wife Jennifer 1 winschel is currently
           active duty, She has been stationed at Army Bassett Hospital since 2002.we are on our 2nd
           tour.she has been assigned orders to ft.Hood Texas.We have four wonderful children that
           have grown up here and love this wonderful state.I work at the U-haul center have been
           employed over 4yrs would love to stay on board.

           My wife is a 66papa(x-ray tech)/ultra sound.

           Which the hospital is already understaffed to provide service to all military and their
           dependents etc...

           She has been assigned to the wtu (warrior transion unit) she loves want she is doing for
           the soldiers that have been wounded in war.

           Bottom line is her branch manager?sergent major of the Bassett hospital wont allow her
           stay.We have to PCS been here to long.




           sean-winschel@yahoo.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0014843
