Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) j/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
           Sent:                    Thursday, April 10, 2008 2:49 PM
           To:                      Sarah Palin
           Subject:                 FW: AS Lobbies USDOT FAA, DHS


           FYI - DOT forwarded this story about Alaska Airlines' national lobbying efforts and feels
           there may be a chance the AK Journal of Commerce will write about in state lobbying
           activities.



           Mike




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Robert Stapleton [mailto:rob.stapleton@alaskajournal.com)

           Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2008 2:59 PM

           To: Bustamante, Linda (DOT)

           Subject: AS Lobbies USDOT FAA, DHS



           Alaska Airlines Spent $500,000 Lobbying Federal Government on FAA Funding in

           2007

           March 12, 2008: 03:53 PM EST



           NEW YORK (Associated Press) - Alaska Airlines spent $500,000 to lobby the federal
           government in 2007, according to a disclosure form.



           The company lobbied on legislation dealing with funding for the Federal Aviation
           Administration and the retirement age for pilots, according to the form posted online Feb.
           14 by the Senate's public records office.



           The airline, which is owned by Seattle-based Alaska Air Group Inc., spent $280,000 in the
           second half of 2007 to lobby on those issues.



           The general aviation industry       and commercial airlines disagree over how much each should
           have to pay for upgrading the       nation's air traffic control system and other aviation
           programs. Congress last month       approved a temporary measure to continue FAA funding through
           June, but the larger issue of       reauthorizing the agency is unresolved.



           The House passed a bill in September that would have increased the jet-fuel tax for
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0014857
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           noncommercial planes, the aviation gasoline tax and the cap on fees airports charge
           passengers for capital improvements. Commercial airlines and the Bush administration say
           the bill does not fairly link fees to system use. The Senate is working on similar
           legislation.



           Elsewhere, President Bush in December signed a bill to raise by five years the mandatory
           retirement age for airline pilots to 65.



           Besides Congress, Alaska Airlines lobbied the departments of Homeland Security and
           Transportation.



           Lobbyists are required to disclose activities that could influence members of the
           executive and legislative branches, under a federal law enacted in 1995.




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0014858
