Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                   From:    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN= RMFAU B ION]
                  Sent:     Thursday, April 10, 2008 6:29 PM
                  To:       'Sarah Palin'
                  Cc:       'kristine.perry@alaska.gov'; Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Jollie; Tara L (CED)
                  Subject: Racism on the Radio

                I'm forwarding you an email I received from Nancy Barnes, assistant to Senator Al Kookesh,
                as part of a mass e-mailing.

                The chain started with Michelle Davis, an Anchorage woman, who was outraged by DJ banter
                on KFBX 100.5, the Fox -- that was a dig at Alaska Native women.

                I think it's something you should be aware of.

                Dear ADN;

                I am writing to tell you about an extraordinarily insulting comment that was said on Fox Radio, 100.5
                this morning. As I was driving to work, I stopped channel surfing long enough to listen to some light
                banter between the morning hosts, Woody and Wilcox. They were testing callers to see what true crime
                incident actually happened in Florida. The talk turned to the weather and real Alaskans. Then one DJ
                asked this question, on the air, "Have you made love to the Yukon River and peed in a Native
                woman ?" That is one of the ugliest things I have ever heard.

                The DJ was taking that old, insulting line about someone only being a real Alaskan if they'd peed in the
                Yukon River, made love to a Native woman, killed a bear etc, etc. When I grew up, the phrases used to
                describe Native women in that chestnut were as bad as the N word. They used klootch, squaw, and so
                on. This DJ managed to take what was already degrading and insulting and make it infinitely worse.

                I have complained to the Station Manager, and also filed with the FCC. To me, this was hate speech,
                and the public should have an opportunity speak against it. There is so much violence against Native
                women that goes unpunished. Let's try an experiment. I'd like you to say "Have you made love to the
                Yukon River and peed in a Native woman." Let the true ugliness brought up by those words be in your
                mind for a minute. Then, consider if someone said that about your sister, mother, wife or friend. Please,
                don't tolerate this and don't let it go by without being held up to the light.

                Regards,

               Michelle Davis
               Anchorage

               I'll spare you the full chain of subsequent e-mails. But here's an excerpt from one of them.
               Estelle Thompson Hale, who's from the Bristol Bay region, writes:

               "This blatant, deliberate and unvarnished type of hatred against Native people has to stop. It's not just
               these particular DJ's either. This type of discrimination and racial hate perpetuation happens on other
               radio stations as well. If you ever listen to Dan Fagan, who has got his own show on AM 750 from 2-



                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0014866
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


                 5pm, M-F, or "Don Megga" on 101.3 KGOT, you know what I'm talking about. The degree of
                 discrimination varies, but it is there nonetheless. The remarks tend to be about Natives being drunk,
                 being lazy, or other misconceptions or generalizations about Native people."

                 The Obama candidacy has triggered a national dialogue on race -- that's having an impact
                 here on the Alaska Native community.

                 The "racial" issue is on people's minds - as you were quick to pick up on -- at the Tom Stewart
                 memorial ... this sense , that as a state , we want to take the moral high ground - to show
                 respect by incorporating Native culture in a redesign of the state seal.

                 You and Todd are in the unique position to take leadership here. And seem to be doing so, by
                 asking Alaskans to aspire to more, to be more inclusive.

                And while we' re on the topic of inclusiveness....

                I've been emailing Julie Kitka at AFN, and she was very positive about your ANCSA CEO
                meeting . She said "inclusion " is so important - and that so often , Native leaders are not
                "included ," so your gesture meant a lot . Julie was very happy about the hospitality you and
                Todd extended to the CEO's.

                Just one more quick note . I did leave a message with the FOX station 's program director,
                known as "Crash," requesting more information about what was actually said. I'm hoping it's
                not true - that there 's some misunderstanding.

                I have not heard back , but Representative Mary Nelson 's office did hear from "Crash," who
                apologized for the banter.

                I hope this email gives you a feel for the general climate , when it comes to race issues in
                Alaska. No doubt about it. They're heating up.

                Thanks,

                Rhonda




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0014867
