Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                    Thursday, April 10, 2008 2:11 PM
             To:                      'dwayneandsteph@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Military_and Veterans Affairs


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2008 11:52 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs




            Web mail from: Mr. Willie Stacey

            address: 8530 East 4th Ave Anchorage AK 99505

              (907) 222-6641




            MESSAGE:

            To Whom It May Concern:



            My name is Willie D. Stacey of Bay Minette, Alabama. I am a soldier in the U.S. Army and
            am currently stationed at Fort Richardson, Alaska. I am writing this letter in reference
            to my military service and your assistance in furthering that service.

            On June 30, 2007, I was a Specialist assigned to the 164th military Police Company when an
            incident occurred that jeopardizes my military career. While attending a social function
            with a group of fellow soldiers in my unit, I became highly intoxicated. Members of our
            party chopped down a tree while yelling racially motivated terms and the incident was
            recorded on video by another member of the party. Later in the evening, while canoeing on
            a lake, the boat capsized and tragically a member of our party, Specialist Corey Burgess,
            succumbed to the extremely cold water drowned. A subsequent investigation by the Army
            found the video related to the incident. I have since received non-judicial punishment in
            the form of a field grade Article 15, reduction in grade/rank to E-1/private, reduction in
            pay, extra duty, bar to reenlistment, possible revocation of my security clearance, and
            because of my involvement I missed my unit's deployment to Iraq this past summer.
            Additionally, I live with t

            he memory of watching my best friend and combat buddy's body be retrieved from the frigid
            lake in which he drowned.

            I accept full responsibility for my actions the punishments I've received as a result. I
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0014872
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             was wrong.

             As previously mentioned , I am a military policeman . Prior to that event I'd served
             honorably in the Military Police Corps for 3 % years and upheld the highest standards set
             forth by my command . I am a combat veteran and a proven asset to the Military Police Corps
             and the Army . I've served in Afghanistan and received an Army Commendation Medal for
             heroism under fire .   I've also received other medals for actions in combat and the
             training that I ' ve given to soldiers . I've led four soldiers after being promoted to.
             Specialist and was up for promotion to Sergeant.

            I am currently married to my beautiful wife , Stephanie , and we have . two daughters, Angel
            (6yrs ) and Katelyn ( 5 months ). My wife is a fully supportive military spouse and actively
            participates in activities promoting the Army lifestyle.

             I am a good soldier who has made a major mistake for which I have been punished . I deeply
             regret the events of that night and the lapse of judgment that I displayed. Aside from my
             family, serving my country as a Military Policeman has been the greatest and most
             fulfilling experience in my life . I would like nothing more than to continue serving my
             country by reenlisting. I have definitely learned my lesson and feel strongly that I am a
             great asset to the Army and the Military Police Corps. Given my current rank and using my
             leadership abilities , I will assist in molding the newest members to the Army into trained
             Warriors. Given my situation, I will offer guidance to young soldiers and share my
             experiences which can help prevent soldiers from making the same mistakes . If given the
             opportunity, I will demonstrate that I am a humbled and rehabilitated soldier who can
             effectively rebound from mistakes made.

             I am asking for your assistance in lifting my bar to reenlistment so that I can attempt to
             right my wrongs . Should I be afforded the privilege to remain in the military Police
             Corps , I will serve my country , the Army , and the Corps honorably and lead others in doing
             the same.



            Sincerely,




            Willie D .    Stacey




            dwayneandsteph @yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0014873
