Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Thursday, April 10, 2008 11:08 AM
            To:                       'jparktkd@gci.net
            Subject:                  RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.  Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2008 9:12 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Tom Sawyer

            address: 3561 east tudor road #9 anchorage AK 99507

              562-8419




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin:



               Not long ago I wrote you a letter explaining how Tyler Sawyer was getting ready to
            compete for Alaska in Tae Kwon Do for a spot on US national team. The even was Alaska
            State championship on Fort Richardson. You could not able to make it and we understood
            that your schedule was very busy. Well, Tyler Sawyer have made the team and getting ready
            to take on the world representing US and Alaska. On April 26, at Jpark tournament at UAA
            Gym, he will be at the tourney. Could you find time to stop by and be our guest of honor
            and to recognize his accomplishment as an alaskan.

            Please let me know if you could attend this event



            Master Tom Sawyer




            562-8419




            jparktkd@gci.net
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI 0014878
