Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 11:07 PM
           To:                      Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Colberg; Talis J
                                    (LAW); Ivy personal
           Subject:                 Fw: Fairbanks energy costs




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 22:37:15

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: Fairbanks energy costs




           Remembered another comment from today as I heard a lot of ideas from residents about how
           to provide relief for high energy costs (I am not particularly endorsing any of
           these... just passing along citizen comments.)

            Here 's what I heard:

            1. Why can't the state do something with the Healy clean coal plant to provide cheaper
           power (Steve and Tom know those issues better than I)



            2. Why can't the state suspend the oil tax for a time on in-state producer refined
           gasoline in exchange for producer agreeing to drop price of gasoline.



             3.   Raise local property tax exemption to 100000 instead of just 20K.




             4. State should fund Susitna Hydro



                                                                                                                 Privileged or
            While these were observations from others, one point was driven home for me,.J
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



            Is Pat G engaged in this discussion where tax revenues are being talked about? And, sure,
           feel free to pass to Tom, Steve...


                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0016016
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sean




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0016017
