Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Thursday, April 10, 2008 5:01 PM
                 To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: A Special Message from Governor Palin




                From : usabarb4u@aol.com [mailto:usabarb4u@aol.com]
                Sent: Thursday, April 10, 2008 5:00 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Re: A Special Message from Governor Palin

                Dear Sarah:
                Thanks for an update on what is happening in Alaska. First time for me to receive anything from
                a Governor. I like being a part of the decisions. Also, since I saw your signature and I enjoy
                analyzing handwriting I thought I'd send my analysis of your signature. Keep in mind generally
                I require a bit more writing for accuracy, however, I'm sure you'll enjoy what I see in your
                signature, or I hope you enjoy it.

                Sarah Palin
                Handwriting Analysis
                By: Barbara Pack O'Meara

                Sarah came into the world so fast, at birth, she was like one rapidly sliding down a slide, and she
                nearly slid right onto the floor as she gasped her first breath!
                Sarah was a devout student of reality. Her youth wasn't spent with fairy tale dreams, she
                carefully and maticuously remained focused on anything she did, including washing the dishes!
                At the age of sixteen she strolled along an avenue of desire filled with kisses that had no hope of
                capturing her heart. She remained ever faithful to her constant life of simply being focused and
                finding her niche' in life.
                Unlike other teens, her social life never took precedence over her family life. Her heart remained
                determined to look into the mirror of her self and discover something greater than a night out
                with the girls and boys.
                When she finally found Mr. Right, he took her on a trip to discover her self and she became
                amazed at how perfectly their shadows mingled with the light in their eyes. Love abound and
                captured their hearts.
                Today, though her life flat lined at one point, Sarah doesn't look to the future for answers, she
                stares straight into the eyes of the citizens she represents and asks them what they think.
                Sarah Palin is one fine Governor bound for white marbled stairs that lead to determination's seat
                where changes are made to better life.

                Thank you,
                Barbara O'Meara



                -----Original Message-----
                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) <govemor@alaska.gov>



                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0014891
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) <governor@alaska.gov>
                 Sent: Thu, 10 Apr 2008 12:43 pm
                 Subject: A Special Message from Governor Palin

                  9




                April 10, 2008

                 Dear Fellow Alaskan,

                With just a few days left in the 25th Alaska Legislature, the final actions taken by lawmakers
                will have a major impact on Alaska and Alaskans. HB 111, a critical bill which would lower the
                Business License Fee, is currently stalled.

                The Alaska economy is blessed by people with an entrepreneurial spirit. Business leaders
                provide new ideas and develop innovative products and services. By investing in their
                businesses, small firm owners make a major contribution to our economy.

                The original version of HB1 11 that I proposed would have returned the business license fee,
                which was increased to $100 under the former administration, to $25. The fee increase has
                caused a hardship for those who are helping grow our economy, especially people who
                operate home-based and part-time businesses.

                The House Finance Committee amended the bill to set the fee at $50 and it sailed through the
                House because it makes good business sense. HB 111 is currently stalled in the Senate
                Finance Committee. I urge you to contact your senator TODAY and let him or her know that
                HBI 11 is good for Alaskans, who should not be penalized for stimulating economic growth.

                Until next time,




                Governor Sarah Palin




                Get the MapQuest Toolbar, Maps, Traffic, Directions & More!




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0014892
