Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 2:11 PM
            To:                      'kids@ak.net
            Subject :                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 11:58 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Catherine Carte

            address: 4017 James Dr. Anchorage AK 99504

             907-337-3643




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor,




            I bought the book Sarah written by Kaylene Johnson. I read it and loved it. What i would
            love more is if i could get you to autograph it. My Husband sat next to you on a flight
            from Juneau. He enjoyed talking to you and said you were so down to earth. I saw you out
            side the airport when I went to pick him up. You were just standing there talking and I
            thougt to my self, thats not something you see ever. After reading the book I can
            understand it a lot better. Congrats on your new son. You are a amazing lady. Thank
            You.




            kids@ak.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016037
