Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, April 25, 2008 2:06 PM
           To:                       Kim; Anna C (GOV)
           Cc:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                  FW: Public-Safety




            -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us)

           Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 1;05 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Public-Safety



           Web mail from: Ms. Angela DAvis

           address: 1730 Muldoon Circle Apt 5 Anchorage AX 99504




           MESSAGE:

           Two things. First of all I have sending information to Gov. Palin regarding Psycho-therapy
           in Alaska. GCI says it will air the three part series put together by The Berean Call for
           2 months to educate our public here. It begins this April 30, 2008 on Channel 12 at 9 p.m.
           That is the Anchorage listing. It is claimed by opponants that this is primarily a
           Christian issue and that is not at all true. But some of the strongest advocates against
           Psycho-therapy are the people who are to be aired in this series. They also refer to some
           of the best secular advocates also. So, it will be well documented if Christian viewpoint
           on the subject.



           The other thing I'd like to make note of is to congratulate the Palin family on their new
           addition. And how it has affected at least one in our Muldoon community. I think the
           Palin's would like to know. A young man with Down's works locally. And I have never seen
           him as happy as yesterday. He now walks tall, smiles, and interacts with others on the bus
           he takes to work and back. And I'd bet there's a lot more walking tall and happy now too.
           God bless.



           a.lejunedavisoyahoo.co.uk




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016039
