Unknown

From :                   Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov]
Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 8:43 PM
To:                      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                CH2M Hill & SAVEC FW: Invite to Graduation 6/7


Hi Todd,



Trevor asked what the verdict was on the graduation of the invite for the Electrical training class on
Sat. June 7th (CH2M Hill & SAVEC) at the King Salmon Air Force Base.



He mentioned: "flights are rather full these days-there's lots of fishing activity going on right now.
People are here to get their operation ready and others are here for sports fishing."



If I don't hear back from you by 11:00am. tomorrow (6/5) I'll regret the invite and send your congrats
to the graduates and the program.



Thanks,



Erika



-----Original Message-----

From: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

Sent: Wednesday, May 28, 2008 7:24 PM

To: 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'

Subject: Fw: Invite to Graduation 6/7



Todd,



CH2M HILL and Southwest Alaska Vocational an Education Center (SAVEC) are inviting you to

                                                      1                           ROSTON 02576




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
attend the graduation of the Electrical training class on Saturday, June 7th.. The ceremony starts at
5pm. at the SAVEC campus located on the King Salmon Air Force Base.



That's the jest of the request from

Trevor Ohara . I forwarded the email as it has other pertinent information that you should know; it's
attached below. Let me know if you have any questions and/or if you 'd like to attend.



Thanks!

Erika



----- Original Message -----

From: Trevor.Ohara@CH2M.com <Trevor.Ohara@CH2M.com>

To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

Sent: Wed May 28 17:21:16 2008

Subject: Invite to Graduation



Erika, please pass this along to Todd Palin. We understand if he cannot attend but would definitely
welcome him to see the vocational training that is happening in SW Alaska.



CH2M HILL and Southwest Alaska Vocational an Education Center (SAVEC) would like to extend an
invitation to join us for the graduation of the Electrical training class on Saturday , 6/7. The ceremony
will begin at 5 pm at the SAVEC campus located on the King Salmon Air Force Base.



Our current program is similar to the previous class we taught in March/April. CH2M HILL has again
supplied instructors from our North Slope jobsite and we will be extending offers to all students who
successfully complete this three week course. We currently have 19 students participating and they
represent a broad portion of Southwest Alaska. There are also two individuals from Southeast
attending our Electrical training.



This graduation will be an occasion to celebrate the many partnerships that have made it possible to
train and employ these Alaskan residents. On that same note, we would like to see what you can
bring to the table, literally. There will be dinner following the brief graduation ceremony and if you are
                                                     z
                                                                                ROSTON 02577




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
interested in bringing a dish to make this a potluck setting we will celebrate together.



We would also like to notify those who are flying into King Salmon that Pen Air and Alaska Airlines
have multiple flights that are conducive to making this a daytrip.



Please RSVP to Annette Wilson at Annette@savec.org if you plan to attend . Shuttle service will be
provided from the airport to SAVEC. Hope to see you here.



Trevor O'Hara

CH2M HILL

While in King Salmon from 5/19-6/8:

246-4608 w

439-4600 c



Anchorage Number:

550-8151 w




                                                    3                            ROSTON 02578




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
