Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 2:03 PM
           To:                      'lisa_turrini@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Fish-and-Game


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 1:18 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Fish-and-Game




            Web mail from: Ms. Lisa Turrini

            address: 4400 Southpark Bluff Dr. Anchorage AK 99516

             907-441-6724




            MESSAGE:

            I am very upset at a story I read today about wolves that were caught in traps and now
            have metal cables cutting into their necks. Why are hunters allowed to use such horrible
            traps - it sounds like they malfunctioned but if they had functioned correctly, it sounds
            like the poor animals would simply have been choked to death. This is appalling. I know
            there are less cruel ways to kill an animal if that's what a person wants to do. Now these
            poor animals are being tortured constantly by those cables around their necks. Please ask
            fish and game to try much much harder to get the wolves so they can get the cables off of
            their necks.  Please.  It breaks my heart. thank you, Lisa Turrini



            lisa_turrinisyahoo.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016041
