Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From:    stephanie madsen [sdmadsen @gmail.com]
                Sent:    Friday, April 25, 2008 4:53 PM
                To:      pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                Cc:     thenderson @coeur.com ; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa .gov; Victor.O.Ross@poa02 .usace.army.mil;
                        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Hartig ; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton ; Dan (DEC);
                        Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C ( DNR); Kate Williams@stevens .senate.gov;
                        Nathan_Bergerbest@murkowski .senate .gov; Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov;
                        Connie_McKenzie @stevens .senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                Subject: Kensington SIR
               Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
               Alaska Region-Tongass National Forest
               Juneau Ranger District
               8510 Mendenhall Loop Rd.
               Juneau, Alaska 99801

               Subject: Kensington SIR

               Dear Mr. Griffin:

               I am a decade long resident of Juneau and a 35 year resident of Alaska. I have become very
               concerned about the length of time the agencies have taken to review information, resolve any
               outstanding issues and issue the permit for the Kensington Mine. I understand three environmental
               impact' statements (EIS) have been completed each considering all environmental effects of locating
               a similar, but larger facility for storing tailings at the same location.

               In March 2008, a Supplemental Information Report (SIR) was prepared by the USFS to meet the
               requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). Existing NEPA regulations allow
               for and encourage other involved agencies, like the EPA and US Army Corps of Engineers, to
               cooperate with and rely on existing EIS/Supplemental EIS documents, particularly those prepared
               by the lead agency which in this instance is USFS.

               The USFS has initially determined the change for tailings storage from Lower Slate Lake to the paste
               tailings facility would not affect the environment in a significant manner or to a significant extent
               not already considered in the previous three EIS processes. The USFS has included provisions for
               public comment in the SIR process and will consider all comments in drafting a final SIR

               In closing, I believe the SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at Kensington meets all NEPA
               requirements. No new SEIS or EA should be necessary! Juneau needs the jobs Kensington will
               provide and we need them now!

               Thank you for considering my comments.




               Stephanie Madsen
               10652 Porter Lane
               Juneau, Alaska 99801
               789-4191




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0016042
