Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, April 25, 2008 11:22 AM
           To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                  FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From :   WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us)

           Sent: Friday, April 25,       2008 10:39 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Peggy Lynch

           address: 8306 142 avs NE Redmond WA 98052

            425-241-5985




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,

           My sincere congratulations on the birth of your son. I appreciate your warm and loving
           comments about being truly blessed to have him in your life. I too feel extremely blessed
           that I am able to work with students with Developmental Disabilities in the last three
           years of their schooling. I feel strongly they have so much to give, and over the years
           they have taught me more than I have ever taught them. My students are exceptional
           workers who have incredibly positive attitudes about themselves and others. They are
           determined, committed workers who want to please their bosses and co-workers. They are
           willing to work for long hours at tasks that many people find beneath them, and do it with
           a smile and an attitude that often amazes me . This year I have seven students who are
           graduating and going out into the work world. 100% of these students will all have jobs
           that they go to every day and are thankful for it. They are happy with themselves and
           still love their parents and tea

           chers and always will. They contribute to the world around them with their giving nature
           and try 100's at anything they do. What other teacher can say that about their graduating
           students?  I am the luckiest teacher in the world. They make my job easy and fun each and
           everyday.

           You are right-you are blessed, not just for having your son, but for being given the
           ability to see him for what he truly is, a gift from God. I wish that all people could be
           so blessed.

           Thank you for sharing your feeling with the world. I know that God will continue to bless
           you and your family now and in the years ahead.

           Sincerely,

           Peggy Lynch

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016060
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           lynchp@bsd405.org




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016061
