Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Friday, April 25, 2008 2:03 PM
               To:      Spencer; Kan L (GOV)
               Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject : FW: Budget item to NOT veto: Tumagain Elem. Computers!



              From : Karen Biggs [mailto:karen_biggs@hotmail.com]
              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 1:22 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
              Subject: Budget item to NOT veto: Turnagain Elem. Computers!

               Hello, Governor Palin!

              Congratulations on your beautiful baby boy! What an fabulous example you
              are of God's love towards your special little boy!! Thank you and may God
              bless you as you raise your little ones.

              I am a parent with children attending Turnagain Elementary School in
              Anchorage. Turnagain has graciously been included in the new budget for
              new computers for the student lab. Currently, the few working computers in
              the lab are appx. 10 years old and not very reliable. The students and
              families in the Turnagain area are hopeful that the computer funding for the
              school will NOT be vetoed. Education is a critical key to raising a successful
              future generation, as you know, and many of the Turnagain students are
              low-income/under-privileged (without home computer access and/or non-
              English speaking). These young students need to know how to use a
              computer before getting to middle school, where it becomes essential. We
              ask that you please not veto our school funding! We are excited about the
              prospect of teaching all the Turnagain kids to be computer-literate. Plus,
              there are some amazing software packages to help teach kids to read!

              Thank you for your consideration!!

              Sincerely,
              Karen Biggs
              Turnagain Elementary Parent/Volunteer

              Spell a grand slam in this game where word skill meets World Series. Get in the game.




               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0016058
