Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 12:11 PM
           To:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Cc:                      Bailey; Frank T (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: KABATA


           I don't blame him for wanting to bail... something's not quite right with the going's on
           at Kabata. The sooner the better, thanks for getting his letter (hopefully) Monday, if not
           before. With things like this, a very quick departure and transition is best.



           so why now, though, why does he want to go?

           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 11:33:36

           To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Cc:"Bailey, Frank T (GOV)" <frank.bailey@alaska.gov>

           Subject: KABATA




           Governor,



           I spoke with George Wuerch last night and he informed me that he will be resigning from
           the KABATA Board.  He would like his effective date to be soon but left that up to us. I
           discussed the option of him sending his letter Monday and his resignation effective the
           end of the month (Wednesday). I am not sure that the timing matters all that much but the
           end of the month option makes sense. If that is OK with you, I. will call him back to
           confirm.



           George feels like his has put his time in on this one. He said he and Barbara are going
           to travel for a few months and would be unavailable.   Confidentially, he shares some of
           our concerns about the RFP but he is not going to put out a statement and said he will try
           to avoid any media attention about his departure.



           Mike




                                                                      1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0016054
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                               i


           Unknown
           From :                   Fabrello, Michelle A (GOV) [michelle.fabrello@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 11:31 AM
           To:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Donna, lets start a birthday letter just in case the Governor doesn't go.



            -----Original Message-----

           From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Friday, April 25,      2008 11:17 AM

           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            Cc: Fabrello, Michelle A (GOV)

            Subject: FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 9:46 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Joseph Lind

            address: 1591 Elcadore Drive #C Anchorage AK 99507

             907-360-0653




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin:




            First of all, congratulations on you new family addition. "A bundle of joy!"



            I'm writing to invite you to my Aunt Mary 's 80th birthday part here in Anchorage at the
            PenAir Hanger ; May 2nd 6pm to 10pm.  She's 80 years old, Alaska Native Aluutiq . There will
            be live music by my band " PREMIUM BLEND." "We'll even play a couple Van Halen songs for
            you!"


                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0016055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           My Aunt has been everything to the community of Chigik. It makes so much sense that we
           are going to Honor one of our most important resources - our Elder. This is a family
           event - so please bring your whole family and enjoy the fun filled evening of stories and
           music.



           It would be an Honor for you to attend and say a few words that can reach the hearts and
           souls of our families; as we are upon some challenging times. (for you - 10 minute slot)
           Sorry!  lot's of family members going to tell stories of their experiences with Auntie
           Mary.



           Thank you for your most precious time.



           Information on band performing: www.myspace.com/premiumblendak



           Sincerely,



           Joe Lind




           JLind4444@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   P RAGS P01 _0016056
