Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 11:02 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 7:41 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Jim Hargrave

           address: 1624 E. Oak Rd. Queen Creek AZ 85240




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor or should I say proud new Mom..

           I recently read a story regarding the birth of your son and your joy in knowing you have
           been given one of Gods greatest gift.

             My wife and I were blessed with a baby Girl last year with Down Syndrome. I remember
           when she was born my wife and I had many of the same feelings racing through us. It took
           me about 15 minutes in the nursery with her looking for frailities or any other things
           thatmay appear to be wrong. It was at that moment that I was given a strong prompting
           which I believe came from God himself. The voice I heard said "you do not realize what you
           have here", "this child will bless you and your family in ways that only she can", "Your
           other children will be blessed because of her".

             In the past year We have realized these blessings as we have seen the joy a child with
           DS can bring into a family. She has taught us so much about love and innocence. She has
           taught us that no matter what you face in life you can be as happy as you choose to be.

               I now know without a doubt that our family needed Rebekah more than she needed us. We
           are truly blessed because of her.

              If only all of us were capable of having the unconditional love these choice children
           have there would be no wars or crime.

              Again I want to congratulate you and your family on the birth of your baby and thank
           you for giving such a candid interview about such a private matter.

           Jim Hargrave

           Queen Creek AZ



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016070
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           jhargravelO@cox.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0016071
