Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor©alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 10:45 AM
           To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail @gov. state . ak.us   [mailto: WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

           Sent :   Friday, April 25,   2008 2:17 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Marietta Reid

           address: 7876 W. Vecera Dr. Wasilla AK 99654

            907-357-4660




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Palin Family,



           I regret that I had accidentally deleted Gramma Sally's email response to me, and I did so
           want to thank her for the nice email in return. I just wanted to say that we are so lucky
           to have such a great resource in the Valley for our special Angels. ILP, Infant Learning
           Program.   I know Trig is so loved right now and he will gain so much from that love. this
           program is wonderful and has so many resources for each family with their Angels. I wanted
           to say that my son Bobby Reid, was riding a snow machine with Todd quite a few years ago
           and Bobby hit a snow berm and he went sailing into the air. I am sure Todd remembers that
           day as he told me that he never saw anyone fly so high into the air on a snow machine by
           accident!   I was of course scared but Todd said Bobby was ok. Well as a parent I never
           forgot that reassuring statement. He had a huge lump on his head and a concussion but he
           was ok.   It's those things that I am grateful for that someone took the time to reassure a
           worried mom.

           I know from contact with these children in.the education system that Trig will be ok. All
           of the families in the Valley will make sure that he will get what is needed as far as
           support and love. Sarah and Todd are so special and God has blessed them because he knew
           Trig is special too!



           Thank you for the response and Thank you Sarah and Todd for caring about the people of the
           Valley!



           Sincerely,    Marietta Reid

                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0016082
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           mreidrb98@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016083
