Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov)
             Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 9:56 AM
             To:                      'drawls@alaska.net'
             Subject:                 RE: Education


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us)

              sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 5:09 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Education




             Web mail from: Ms. Durainey Rawls

              address: P.O. Box 8466 Nikiski AK 99635

               907-776-8575




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,

              I am sending you a hard copy of this letter also, but I wanted you to have a copy as soon
              as possible, so I will recreate it in this email. Thank you.

                I am a woman small business owner from Nikiski , and I am seeking your assistance with a
             project which I believe is important to Alaska's future. Three years ago, I acquired a
             small construction firm after working for 2 generations of its prior owners over a period
             of 20 years. I started out as an Administrative Assistant , and worked my way up to
             Business Manager, before buying the company. During the years I was employed there, I
             also attended Kenai Peninsula College and received an Associate ' s Degree in Business
             Management, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration.

                 Although I know this business from the ground up, and have 2 business degrees, my
             company is struggling due to new competition from a much larger North Slope company which
             has moved into the area and been undercutting prices. I am being pushed out of my
             business and feel it is necessary to look to something new.

                 It occurs to me that there will soon be a much greater need for skilled construction
             workers in Alaska, and I believe I am well positioned to help prepare them. I would like
             to convert my company into a training facility for heavy equipment operators. My current
             operation includes 4 acres of cleared property, a 4,000 square foot metal shop building
             and a 1,200 square foot office building. I already have 5 cranes, 3 equipment hammers and
             a forklift in my equipment line, and have contemplated adding earth moving equipment and
             possibly paving equipment.  Eventually I can also envision a welding shop. The skills we
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             could teach here would be invaluable on the new gas pipeline and on other pending Alaskan
             projects.

                 I would be very grateful if there is any way you can assist me to get this project off
             the ground.  I am hoping that you might be able to suggest sources of funding, or direct
             me toward a State office or other entity which might help to coordinate the effort. I'm
             sure you will agree that preparing Alaskans for the jobs which will be needed to move our
             State's economy forward, is a worthy endeavor .  I am prepared to do all that I can to help
             in that regard, but I believe I will need the State' s assistance to fulfill the task.



             Respectfully Submitted,



             Durainey Rawls, President

             Durainey's.Crane Service, Inc.

             907-776-8575

             P.O. Box 8466

             Nikiski, AK 99635

             drawls@alaska.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_ 0016094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            drawls@alaska.net




                                                         3




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0016095
