Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 10:12 AM
           To:                      'teresa.ward@comcast net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 8:21 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Teresa Ward

           address: 3952 Shining Star Dr Colorado Springs CO 80925

            719-391-1423




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




           (Invitation to the Colorado Springs Down Syndrome Association Annual Buddy Walk)



           I want to send a heart-felt congratulations to you and your family on the birth of your
           son.   I was a resident of Alaska from 1966-2006, until my retirement from the Air Force,
           but I still track significant events from my home state and my entire family still lives
           there.   My brother told me that you recently gave birth to a child with Down syndrome, and
           I want to be among those who welcome you to a world of wonder and joy. My son, Ryan, has
           Down syndrome and like you, I was sad at first. . .but quickly assumed a position of
           determination with faith that God knows very well what He is doing. And I thank God daily
           for Ryan. He is my youngest of four children and will be seven in July.




          I have been a member of the Colorado Springs Down Syndrome Association since near Ryan's
          birth and today serve as the association's Social Committee Director. Our association has
          a three mile Buddy Walk annually in August in Manitou Springs to bring education and
          awareness to Down syndrome. It's is pretty impressive and impacting and has enourmous
          community support.   Should you have any reason to come to Colorado Springs, make it for
          August 23rd to join us...and roughly 3000 excited and supportive community members... in
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016088
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           our walk.  If for some reason you are too busy to make it, we understand! In the
           meantime, welcome to the community. Nothing will compare to the smile of your son.



           Again, congratulations!

           Teresa , Mike, Elena , Aiden, Megan and Ryan Ward!



           teresa . ward@comcast.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0016089
