Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 10:09 AM
           To:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Corrections




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:34 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Corrections



           Web mail from: Georgette Kozloff

           address: PO Box 101104 Anchorage AK 99510

            907-830-7021




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




          I have long    supported you and have absolutely been in love with how you conduct yourself
          and conduct    business for our State. I have been behind your husband in his desire to go
          back to the    Slope, stating it's no one's business but yours and his. I have applauded
          you, flying    out to be at your son's graduation (my son serves in the U. S. Navy). I have
          laughed and    cried, and more recently read and viewed the pictures of your newborn son,
          adoring how    precious he is and knowing he's being born into a loving and strong family.



          Having said all of that, Governor, this time you have missed the mark by a mile with your
          "unconditional support" of Joe Schmidt.  All the good things you've done...have been
          undone in one fell swoop in my eyes. Everyone knows you went to high school together - so
          what are you saying? That all of these people are liars and have some ax to grind? I do
          not have family members who work in corrections - this is just plain old common sense.
          You seriously need to rethink your stance on this issue. Corrections is in a world of
          hurt.  This man not only didn't ask for more money for corrections (that's fine), but he
          GAVE some BACK? And now you don't believe the people who have given him a no confidence
          vote?  Come on!




          I didn't even write to you when you cut the DPS budget by 1.2 million dollars, and I DO
          have a family member who serves this State as a State Trooper. That was bad enough. . .but
          this .... this is just wrong and believe me, you need to seriously think about rectifying
          this situation, despite the fact that this jerk is your long time friend. Do the right
          thing.  Practice what you preach, Governor.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0016090
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               jkozloff@gmail.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0016091
