Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Kelly, Russell T (GOV) [russ.kelly@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, April 25, 2008 9:25 AM
              To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:                     Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner


              -----Original Message-----

              From: Sen.   Lyda Green (mailto: Senator_Lyda_Greenolegis . state . ak.us)

              Sent: Friday, April 25,     2008 9:07 AM

              To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV)

              Subject: Re: Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner




              Tell the governor good selection .       Have heard good things about him.

             Lyda Green



              ----- Original message -----

              From: Kelly, Russell T (GOV) <russ.kellyealaska.gov>

             To: Kelly, Russell T (GOV) < russ .kelly@alaska.gov>

             Sent :   Fri Apr 25 08:39 :19 2008

             Subject: Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner



             Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner



             April 24, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today approved the State Board of
             Education and Early Development's appointment of Larry LeDoux to serve as Commissioner.
             Former Deputy Commissioner Barbara Thompson has served as Interim Commissioner since
             August 18, 2007.



             "The Board of Education did an excellent job in their deliberations and consideration of
             many fine candidates, and I sincerely appreciate their efforts and this outcome," Governor
             Palin said. "I appreciate Larry's dedication to our education system and know with his
             expertise and leadership we will build and improve Alaska schools, ensuring our students
             are receiving the best education possible. Barbara Thompson has done an amazing job as
             our acting commissioner, and my hat is off to her for caring so much about Alaska's
             schools and all our students."



             LeDoux is superintendent of the Kodiak Island Borough School District, where he has held
             numerous administrative posts.  He has served as principal of North Star Elementary School
             and of Kodiak High School, and taught at the latter school. LeDoux holds a master of arts
             in teaching in science and biology from the University of Alaska Fairbanks.

                                                                  I




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016097
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              "Strengthening families and communities begins with the quality of education we provide,"
              Larry LeDoux said .  " The investment poured into each child will be redeemed in the quality
              of our future Alaskans."



              The Commissioner serves as chief executive officer of the Department of Education & Early
              Development, ex-officio secretary to the State Board of Education and Early Development,
              and a member of the Governor's Cabinet.



              By statute , Education Commissioners must have at least a master's degree with at least
              five years of experience in education since receiving the degree , with at least three of
              the five years in an exclusively administrative position .  Commissioners are approved by
              the Governor .  They are appointed without regard to political affiliation . They serve at
              the pleasure of the State Board for no fixed term.



             The Department of Education & Early Development oversees K-12 public schools and operates
             Mt. Edgecumbe High School in Sitka .   The department also includes the Division of
             Libraries , Museums and Archives ; the Professional Teaching Practices Commission ; and the
             Alaska State Council on the Arts.




             ###




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0016098
