Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


                 Unknown

                 From :    Dave Curtis [DAVEC@aml.lynden.com]
                 Sent:     Friday, April 25, 2008 10:09 AM
                 To:       pgriffin@fs.fed.us
                 Cc:      thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                          Victor.O.Ross@poa02.usace.army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R
                          (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                          (DNR); Kate_Williams@stevens.senate.gov; Nathan_Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                          Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie McKenzie@stevens. senate.gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
                 Subject: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensington Gold Project
                 Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
                 Alaska Region - Tongass National Forest
                 Juneau Ranger District
                 8510 Mendenhall Loop Road
                 Juneau, AK 99801

                     Re: Comments on U.S . Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the
                                               Kensington Gold Project .
                 Dear Mr. Griffin:

                 I am writing in support of the new SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at Kensington
                 which meets all NEPA requirements. No new SEIS or EA should be necessary, given the
                 analysis provided in the SIR and three previous EIS's, supported by over 1000 studies and $35
                 million in environmental baseline engineering and design studies.

                 The PTF will use the existing National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) outfall
                 previously permitted after a NEPA analysis. The PTF will also use the existing water treatment
                 facility which has been shown to be effective in meeting state and federal water quality
                 standards.

                 The Sierra Club, Southeast Alaska Conservation Council and Lynn Canal Conservation
                 supported taking the paste option forward as a better environmental alternative than the DTF.
                 Paste tailings require less space and allow for enhanced water recovery , reducing water
                 consumption . In addition , all contact water will be recycled or treated and will meet EPA's zero
                 discharge requirement . The PTF berm will only be 85 ft . high, as compared to the dry stack at
                 220 ft. high. The closure/reclamation strategy is simple and straight -forward, and there are no
                 long-term water treatment requirements for the encapsulated tailings.

                I support the proposed move to Yankee Cove for transportation of workers , a fully permitted
                privately-owned facility, which eliminates the opposition of the Conservation Groups (SEACC,
                Sierra Club and Lynn Canal Conservation) to the Cascade Point facility . The move does not
                otherwise substantially change the transportation effects studied in the 2004 SEIS.

                The Kensington project is very important to the economy and future of Southeast Alaska and I
                am confident that the SIR process provides the environmental analysis to allow Coeur to
                proceed with this plan and the opportunity for open comment on this SIR enables involvement
                by public as required by the Conservation Groups.


                Dave Curtis
                Alaska Marine Lines, Inc.
                5615 W Marginal way SW



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0016102
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                 Seattle, WA 98106
                 (206) 768-3519
                 www.shipaml.com

                  "Ail services are subject to the standard terms and conditions of our Surface Transportation Board tariff
                 (available at www.Ivnden .com/aml/ 100terms. htm) and the bill of lading published therein. Any bill of lading or
                 other shipping document issued shall not be effective to the extent it conflicts with our terms and conditions. By
                 shipping with Alaska Marine Lines, you are acknowledging acceptance of our terms and conditions."




                10/22/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0016103
