Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                         GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG)
             Sent:                       Friday, April 25, 2008 6:32 AM
             To:                         'govpalin@alaska.gov'
             Subject:                    Re: PR 08-066 Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner 042408


             Dear governor palin.          Great. Talis.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From :    Palin,   Sarah   (GOV sponsored)

             To: Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg,
             Talis J (LAW); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

             Sent: Thu Apr 24 20:23:56 2008

             Subject: Re: PR 08-066 Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner 042408




             Thank you. Talis- it all worked out where the bd forwarded a good candidate this
             afternoon.



             ----- Original message -----

             From: Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV) <jessalynn.rintala@alaska.gov>

             To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Cc: Rintala, Jessalynn F (GOV)

             Sent: Thu Apr 24 20:19:57 2008

             Subject: PR 08-066 Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner 042408




             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                                 No.
             08-066




            Kodiak Superintendent Named Education Commissioner




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0016109
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             April 24, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today approved the State Board of
             Education and Early Development's appointment of Larry LeDoux to serve as Commissioner.
             Former Deputy Commissioner Barbara Thompson has served as Interim Commissioner since
             August 18, 2007.




             "The Board of Education did an excellent job in their deliberations and consideration of
             many fine candidates, and I sincerely appreciate their efforts and this outcome," Governor
             Palin said.   "I appreciate Larry's dedication to our education system and know with his
             expertise and leadership we will build and improve Alaska schools, ensuring our students
             are receiving the best education possible. Barbara Thompson has done an amazing job as
             our acting commissioner, and my hat is off to her for caring so much about Alaska's
             schools and all our students."




             LeDoux is superintendent of the Kodiak Island Borough School District, where he has held
             numerous administrative posts.  He has served as principal of North Star Elementary School
             and of Kodiak High School, and taught at the latter school. LeDoux holds a master of arts
             in teaching in science and biology from the University of Alaska Fairbanks.




             "Strengthening families and communities begins with the quality of education we provide,"
             Larry LeDoux said. "The investment poured into each child will be redeemed in the quality
             of our future Alaskans."




            The Commissioner serves as chief executive-officer of the Department of Education & Early
            Development, ex-officio secretary to the State Board of Education and Early Development,
            and a member of the Governor's Cabinet.




            By statute , Education Commissioners must have at least a master's degree with at least
            five years of experience in education since receiving the degree, with at least three of
            the five years in an exclusively administrative position. Commissioners are approved by
            the Governor.   They are appointed without regard to political affiliation. They serve at
            the pleasure of the state Board for no fixed term.




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The Department of Education & Early Development oversees K-12 public schools and operates
             Mt. Edgecumbe High School in Sitka. The department also includes the Division of
             Libraries, Museums and Archives; the Professional Teaching Practices Commission; and the
             Alaska State Council on the Arts.




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0016111
