Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 8:36 PM
           To:                      Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford;
                                    Marty K (DNR); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Campbell; Craig (MVA)
           Cc:                      Ivy personal; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); McBride; Rhonda (GOV)
           Subject :                Fw: Fairbanks Energy Costs


           I took the liberty of forwarding LtGov email that repeats many concerns I am hearing. Pls
           let me know when we find solutions to plug in to provide relief. Hopefully asap. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



           Date: Sat, 26 Apr 2008 04:22:02

           To:"Sean Parnell" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re: Fairbanks Energy Costs




          Steve and Tom Irwin are working on it. I haven't heard anything about the state kicking in
          $25million for Juneau- that would make no sense when Juneau is just tasting a bit of what
          rural, and Fairbanks, and other areas have been going through. Do you mind if I forward
          your email to the energy guys? I can't articulate how important I feel this issue is.to be
          addressed... tax relief and doing something with our royalties to provide the resource
          owners (the people!) relief is top, top priority for me. Thanks- let me know if I may
          forward.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

          From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>




          Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 19:47:22

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Fairbanks Energy Costs




          I am sitting in the FAI airport waiting to see if I 'll be able to get a flight back home
          tonight. Thought I' d pass along some feedback from Fairbanks residents that will probably
          serve to confirm what you already know.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0016190
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           1. Very hot environment on high energy costs.



        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           3. Economy clearly suffering due to high energy costs.


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Sean




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0016191
