Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 5:05 PM
          To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject :                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.usl

           Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 4:57 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




          Web mail from:     Ed Carrick

           address :   1060 Independence Court Alabaster AK 35007




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           Just wanted to say congratulations on the arrival of your new son, Trig.                  May God bless
           you and your family with the joy and graces you so richly deserve.



           In the recent words of Pope Benedict "...each of us is willed, each of us is loved, and
           each of us is necessary ..It




           Your shining career and example bring hope to many of us in our country who are
           overwhelmed by its current direction.



           Thank you and God be with you,



           Ed Carrick

           Alabaster, Alabama



           carricke@bellsouth.net

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016208
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page I of 1


              Unknown

               From :    Dan Kelly [DKELLY@amt.lynden.com]
              Sent:      Friday, April 25, 2008 5:11 PM
              To:        pgriffin@fs.fed.us
              Cc:        thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov;
                         Victor.0.Ross@poaO2.usace.army.mil; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R
                         (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C
                         (DNR); Kate_Williams@stevens.senate.gov; Nathan Bergerbest@murkowski.senate.gov;
                         Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; Connie _McKenzie@stevens.senate. gov; jtrigg@coeur.com
              Subject: Comments on U.S. Forest Service SIR on Modified Plan of Operations for the Kensington Gold Project
              Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
              Alaska Region - Tongass National Forest
              Juneau Ranger District
              8510 Mendenhall Loop Road
              Juneau, AK 99801

              Dear Mr. Griffin:

              I am writing in support of the new SIR prepared for the paste tailings change at Kensington which meets
              all NEPA requirements . No new SEIS or EA should be necessary , given the analysis provided in the SIR
              and three previous EIS 's, supported by over 1000 studies and $35 million in environmental baseline
              engineering and design studies.

              The PTF will use the existing National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) outfall previously
              permitted after a NEPA analysis. The PTF will also use the existing water treatment facility which has
              been shown to be effective in meeting state and federal water quality standards.

              The Sierra Club, Southeast Alaska Conservation Council and Lynn Canal Conservation supported taking
              the paste option forward as a better environmental alternative than the DTF . Paste tailings require less
              space and allow for enhanced water recovery , reducing water consumption . In addition , all contact water
              will be recycled or treated and will meet EPA's zero discharge requirement . The PTF berm will only be 85
              ft. high , as compared to the dry stack at 220 ft. high. The closure/reclamation strategy is simple and
              straight-forward , and there are no long-term water treatment requirements for the encapsulated tailings.

              I support the proposed move to Yankee Cove for transportation of workers , a fully permitted privately-
              owned facility , which eliminates the opposition of. the Conservation Groups (SEACC , Sierra Club and
              Lynn Canal Conservation ) to the Cascade Point facility . The move does not otherwise substantially
              change the transportation effects studied in the 2004 SEIS.

              The Kensington project is very important to the economy and future of Southeast Alaska and I am
              confident that the SIR process provides the environmental analysis to allow Coeur to proceed with this
              plan and the opportunity for open comment on this SIR enables involvement by public as required by the
              Conservation Groups.


              Dan Kelly
              PO Box 8885
              Ketchikan , Alaska 99901




              10/22/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0016209
