Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 4:48 PM
          To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 3:49 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Barbara E Cardella

          address: 102 Windy Hill Road Greenwich NY 12306

           518-695-4568




          MESSAGE:

          Congratulations and God's greatest blessings to you and your family on the birth of your
          new baby boy! I'm quite impressed (in this day and age) in your pre-knowledge and decision
          to have Trig. Apparently you feel as I, no other decision is a consideration!



          "Rumor" has it that you could be the VP choice for McCain --- and if that has merit, let
          it be known you have our vote!! (How smart that would be of McCain to choose YOU --- and
          what a plus for his campaign!)I do hope it's true!




          I am the proud mother of two beloved sons, the oldest of which has a charming personality,
          an engaging smile, a terrific sense of humor, three jobs (including public speaking), ...
          and Down syndrome. Our own experience has been positive and we wouldn't trade him for
          anything! As Michael says in one of his speeches, "God Don't Make Junk!"

          Michael will soon be 30 years old, and it' s been a wonderful and blessed 30 years!



          The National Down Syndrome Congress conference is in Boston this year (July) and Michael
          and I will be presenting a workshop there . I know Alaska is a distance , and of course you
          have a very demanding job, but it would be good for you and your family to try to attend,
          and/or join a support group locally to get lots of information / education. There is so much
          to learn.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016215
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Nevertheless, never allow Trig to be segregated in his education; he should be WITH
          nondisabled peers always! Having older siblings will be a tremendous benefit for him and
          will naturally afford a wealth of learning and social interaction. Incidentally, just
          because Trig has DS doesn't mean he will definitely need a lot of interventions (PT, OT,
          etc.). My son only had speech therapy regularly as he has good physical strenth and tone.
          Most beneficial "early intervention" will be the attention he gets from his family.




          This is the account/testimony (written 9 years ago)I think you'll enjoy. If you're ever in
          the eastern part of the country, I would consider it an honor for you to come visit us in
          upstate New York! (It might be a pleasant change for you to stay in our rural home and
          area.) You would LOVE to meet Michael! He has done keynotes in several places, including
          Guatemala. People/parents love him! He's an amazing guy! I do hope to hear back from you,
          though I can appreciate your demanding schedule. God bless you all!



          The year was 1978. My husband, Santino, and I had been married a year and a half and were
          expecting our first child. The pregnancy was going well and life was good . I remember
          telling my aunt how fortunate we were as a family and how amazing it was that even though
          our family was so large, we had been spared from heartache and tragedy. We had no untimely
          deaths or disasters ; we were so blessed.



          Sunday, April 16th was my due date and Sandy and I went to church as usual. Though I was
          certainly big enough to deliver a house, there was, as yet, no labor activity. I was
          anxiously excited and feeling fine. The message preached that day by our pastor, Tom
          Bowden , will remain in my heart and mind forever . It was a sermon on the grace of God
          oftentimes being more significant and glorious than healing . He referenced Paul ' s thorn in
          the flesh (eyesight) and how Paul had learned the power of God's grace.



           "Concerning this thing I pleaded with the Lord three times that it might depart from me.
          And He said to me , " My grace is sufficient for you , for My strength is       made perfect
          in weakness ." Therefore most gladly I will rather boast in my infirmities , that the power
          of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities , in reproaches, in
          needs , in persecutions , in distresses , for Christ's sake . For when I am weak , then I am
          strong."

          2 Cor.   12:8-10




          I remember holding and storing this truth in my heart, as if I might need it at a later
          time . I had not imagined how soon that day would come. Eleven days later , after a long and
          difficult delivery , our son , Michael, was born . He was a strapping boy: 9 pounds 7 ounces!
          We were so thrilled; I had so wanted my first child to be a son so our future children
          would have a big brother. My parents were especially ecstatic because this was their first
          grandchild (named after my father and brothers), and they had longed to be grandparents.
          It was well after midnight when we all finally got to sleep exhausted.



          Early the next morning (about 6 AM) the pediatrician came to my room. She had first called
          Sandy to inform him that she suspected our baby might have Down syndrome, and she wanted
          him to tell me. Sandy knew the implication, thanked her for calling, and after whispering.
          "Lord, I leave it in Your hands," returned to bed. The doctor no doubt felt he was "unable
          to handle the information " and decided to tell me herself . I was not familiar with the
          term and the doctor told me if Mike did have it , he would be " slow ." I was not shaken and
          remained confident, knowing that the Lord could do anything. Having a child that was
          "slower" than I might have expected was certainly not a tragedy to me.

                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0016216
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            A nurse came into my room right after the doctor left with my beautiful, big baby in her
            arms, and I innocently asked her what she knew about Down syndrome. That's when the roof
            caved in. She told me, "He'll never be an engineer; you can institutionalize him." (Later,
            when told of this, my brother Mickey retorted, "Well, we know he can be a nurse!) I sat
            up, shocked and horrified as she proceeded to paint the most horrible picture of a
            vegetable that was to have been our son. Without taking a breath she blurted, "He'll never
            walk, talk or know you. He will always be sick. He will need constant care," and on and
            on. I tried to hide my terror and fear. "Lord, I take it back: this is not what I meant
            when I thought, `Together we can handle this, " The nurse left and returned with a book
            she said I should read. I later learned it was "standard issue" and was burned into the
            memories and minds of many new parents. It consisted of accounts and pictures of
            institutionalized people with Down

            syndrome; their demeanors (and lives) were pathetic. Now I cried. Holding what seemed to
            be an otherwise beautiful, healthy baby, I prayed for God to help me. I asked for wisdom;
            I asked for grace.



            One thing broke my heart: I wept, begging God to let this child have enough mental (and
            spiritual) "ability" to know Him. That's all I wanted: that my child could and would know
            and love Jesus. At that moment I felt the presence of the Lord so intensely. I knew He
            heard my prayer and He was pleased with the request. I felt like Solomon-I believe I had
            touched the Lord in faith and could have asked anything. I asked the thing that pleased
            God. It never occurred to me (or my husband) to ask God to remove or heal the syndrome; we
            knew the Lord had brought this baby into our lives. This was not an accident; he was not a
            mistake. (I knew God had a plan and I wanted "in" on it.)



            It was then the Lord brought to mind Bro. Tom's sermon. Yes, that was the key.
            Understanding flooded my heart: God's grace in Michael's life would bring the Lord more
            glory than healing him of Down syndrome could. Michael's life would glorify Jesus. The
            years and events that followed have borne out that truth. The doctors said he would not
            live past age two with the severity of his congenital heart defect. Our God does miracles;
            nothing is too great for Him! We just need to seek and know His will and pray according to
            it. We prayed for this healing and his heart was miraculously healed, to the amazement of
            the doctors.



            Throughout the years the Lord has faithfully touched and healed our son of so many
             (sometimes lifethreatening) illnesses. Jesus even healed and opened his ear canals (1992)
            right before he was to have a very painful and extensive reconstructive surgery. The
            doctor was astounded and had no medical explanation, but we all knew it was a miracle by
            Jesus: especially Michael. We have no fear or anxiety over his future; he's in the Lord's
            hands. Mike has a tremendous faith in God along with an incredible understanding of
            spiritual things. In the spirit he has no disability; in fact, he's gifted and talented. I
            don't know exactly when Michael was filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, evidenced
            by speaking in tongues; he seemed to have it ever since he was able to speak. He's always
            loved to be in the presence of God and going to church. to worship the Lord is his favorite
            thing to do. When he was thirteen he chose to be waterbaptized in Jesus' Name for the
            remission of sins (Acts 2:38) -

             it had meaning for him. The Lord is so faithful.



             "But God has chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God has
            chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty ..."

            1 Cor. 1:27



                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Because of Michael ' s faith and fervor for the Lord, he can (and does ) say profound things
            to many people about the Lord. He "preaches" the gospel with his life, and can do it
            without offending. He has spoken truths to our extended family and prayed for them with
            power and anointing and the Lord has answered his prayers . He is able to just speak the
            truth lovingly (without premeditation or motive) - things I would hardly dare to say.



            Michael is now twenty-one years old and he has been such a blessing to us and those who
            know him. He is a true "big brother " to our fourteen - year - old Daniel , who looks up to Mike
            in many ways . Dan loves and respects his brother for his many accomplishments and his
            loving heart. Mike cares about people and comforts those who are hurting . He has childlike
            faith and loves God with all his heart , soul , mind and strength . Through him we, like
            Paul , have all learned that God's grace is truly sufficient for us ; His strength is made
            perfect in weakness . That scripture ( 2 Cor . 12:9-10 ) has become Mike ' s own personal
            testimony ; he shares it with many people and also read it at his high school graduation
            banquet. I know in the end Jesus will say to Mike , " Well done , good and faithful servant;
            you were faithful over a few things. I will make you ruler over many things. Enter into
            the joy of your Lord" (Matthew 25:21). we are so thankful for his life; we are so grateful
            to the Lord!




            We pray this testimony has blessed you and perhaps even given you a renewed thankfulness
            for the gifts the Lord has given you. "To whom much is given , much is required" (Luke
            12:48 ) -- we hope you will not waste them.

            with love, Barbara , Sandy & Michael Cardella (1999)



            e-mail address: BarbCardella@gmail.com




            BarbCardella@gmail.com




                                                                                                                          I

                                                           4




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0016218
