Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

               From :   jsandor@ak.net on behalf of John Sandor [jsandor@ak.netj
              Sent:     - Friday, April 25, 2008 9:43 PM
              To:        thenderson@coeur.com; dkerr@coeur.com; shaw.hanh@epa.gov; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV
                         sponsored); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton; Dan (DEC); Irwin; Tom E
                         (DNR); Crafford; Thomas C (DNR); Kate Williams@stevens.senate.gov;
                         Nathan _Bergebest@murkowski. senate .gov; Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov; McKenzie; Connie
                         (Stevens); Jan Trigg; Peter Naoroz;'Vctor O. Ross"@poa02. usace.army.mil
               Cc:       John Sandor
               Subject: Fw: Kensington Supplemental Information Report

              --- Original Message
              From: John Sandor
                                           fs.fed.us
              To: Forrest Cole ; pgriffin(a_
              Cc: John Sandor
              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 2:59 PM
              Subject: Kensington Supplemental Information Report

              Mr. Pete Griffin, District Ranger
              Alaska Region - Tongass National Forest

              This morning' radio news reports a Southeast Alaska Conservation Council (SEACC) representative
              saying that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would be requiring an Environmental Analysis on
              the alternative proposal to the previously approved Lower Slate Lake alternative.

              I am disappointed SEACC representatives appear to be trying to work with EPA staff to collaborate in
              efforts to influence the requirement for another Environmental Analysis.

              I want to reiterate my strong support for the previous Lower Slate Lake alternative.

              However, I also support your Kensington Supplemental Information Report and believe the SIR
              represents a comprehensive analysis of all environmental effects; and than another Environmental
              Analysis or Supplemental Environmental Analysis is not warranted.

              The additional time for another Environmental Analysis of Eupplemental EIS would likely lead to another
              prolonged delay that would not only be detrimental for the Kensington Mine Project, but be harmful to the
              communities which will benefit from the reopening of the Kensington Mine.

              In short, the project should be permitted without further extended delays. EPA and the Corps of
              Engineers should not unnecessarily extend the process further. Their respective permits can be writtend
              directly from the many documents and studies that have been made over the past fifteen plus years.

              Thank you.

              John Sandor, 3311 Foster Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801.

              Phone: (907) 586-2497 Fax: (907) 586-2490
              e-mail: isandor _ak.net




               10/22/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0016210
