Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGH ES]
             Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 4:01 PM
             To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
             Cc:                      Ruaro ; Randall P (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                                      (GOV); Campbell; Craig (MVA)
             Subject:                 Re: Cell Phones for Soldiers


             Will do, Governor. We will send out first thing Monday morning to ensure prime media
             coverage.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo . com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Kreitzer ,   Annette E   ( DOA); Hughes ,   Rosanne D (GOV)

             Cc: Ruaro, Randall P ( GOV); Leighow ,       Sharon W      ( GOV); Leschper ,   Beth   ( GOV); Perry ,   Kristina
             Y (GOV); Campbell , Craig (MVA)

             Sent: Fri Apr 25 15 : 51:05 2008

             Subject: Re :    Cell Phones for Soldiers




             Sounds great. Let's do more than newsletter mention tho- pls do presser on it. Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>




            Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 14:37:21

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
            <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>

            Subject: FW: Cell Phones for Soldiers




            Governor:

            I think State employees will very much appreciate the opportunity to donate used cell
            phones for soldiers, judging by the few replies so far. (Good idea, Randy!)     I'm copying
            Sharon and Beth in case they want to put this information (at bottom of this email) in
            your newsletter.

            ak

                                                                    1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016222
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From :    Commissioners Office ,   DOA (DOA sponsored)

             Sent :    Friday, April 25, 2008 2:35 PM

             To: Brooks ,    Kevin A   ( DOA); Kreitzer ,   Annette E    ( DOA); Petro ,   Rachael A (DOA)

             Cc: Jones ,    Vern 0 (DOA)

             Subject: FW: Cell Phones for Soldiers



            FYI.




            Thank you Annette for the update email message !             What an excellent gesture to show our
            support for our soldiers overseas!



            Robin Burns




            Good job.



            Ted Deats




            From:     Bautista , Arturo P (HSS)

             Sent :    Friday, April 25,   2008 12:20 PM

             TO: Commissioners Office , DOA (DOA sponsored)

             Subject: RE: Cell Phones for Soldiers

                                                                    2




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1 _0016223
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thank you for your support to soldiers deployed overseas.

            I was deployed couple of times already with my experience we really do appreciate free
            call to our families . Lots of these locations phone calls are very expensive _ keeping in
            touch to our family and friends are very important to the moral of our soldiers who put
            their lives in the front line to protect our freedom.

           God Bless.




           ARTURO P BAUTISTA

            (907) 465 - 5809 1 (907) 321-0555

           FAX: (907 )    465-8150

            email : arturo . bautistaealaska.gov




           From :    Commissioners Office ,    DOA (DOA sponsored)

             Sent:    Friday,   April 25, 2008 10:57 AM

             To: SOA All employees

             Subject : Cell Phones for Soldiers



           Dear State Employee:



           Governor Sarah Palin has asked us to assist the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.



           Cell Phones for Soldiers is a nonprofit organization dedicated to recycling used cell
           phones in exchange for phone cards for our soldiers overseas .  Each phone donated to Cell
           Phones for Soldiers is exchanged for a calling card , good for one hour of talk time.



           Cell Phones for Soldiers was founded by teenagers Robbie and Brittany Bergquist from
           Norwell, Mass ., with $21 of their own money. Since then, the non-profit organization has
           raised almost $1 million in donations and distributed more than 400,000 prepaid calling
           cards to soldiers serving overseas.    For more information about the Cell Phones for
           Soldiers program, you can visit their website at
           http://www.cellphonesforsoldiers.com/about.html



           The State Surplus Property warehouses in Anchorage and Juneau will continue to be the
           collection point for disposal of surplus cell phones .   If you have a cell phone to
           dispose , please contact your Department Property Officer .  Please remember that sensitive
                                                                3




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 0016224
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             information ( including phone numbers , email addresses , etc.) must be removed from all
             electronic devices, including cell phones , prior to disposal.



             All cell phones    which become unserviceable or are excess to your agency       will be donated to
             the Cell Phones    for Soldiers program . State Surplus will ensure proper       packaging and
             shipment to the    program . Division of General Services Property Manager       Jim Jobkar at
             907-257-9632 is    available to answer any questions you may have regarding      this program.




             Thank you for considering the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.



             Annette Kreitzer
                                                                                                                            I
             Commissioner

             Department of Administration




                                                             4




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0016225
