Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 3:51 PM
           To:                      Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Cc:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                                    (GOV); Campbell; Craig (MVA)
           Subject:                 Re: Cell Phones for Soldiers


           Sounds great. Let's do more than newsletter mention tho- pls do presser on it. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From :   " Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)" < annette . kreitzer@alaska.gov>



           Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 14:37:21

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>,"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)"
           <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>

           Subject: FW : Cell Phones for Soldiers




           Governor:

           I think State employees will very much appreciate the opportunity to donate used cell
           phones for soldiers , judging by the few replies so far . ( Good idea , Randy !) I'm copying
           Sharon and Beth in case they want to put this information ( at bottom of this email) in
           your newsletter.

           ak




           From: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)

            Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 2:35 PM

            To: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA)

            Cc: Jones, Vern 0 (DOA)

            Subject: FW: Cell Phones for Soldiers


                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0016227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             FYI.




             Thank you Annette for the update email message !   What an excellent gesture to show our
             support for our soldiers overseas!



             Robin Burns




             Good job.




             Ted Deats




             From: Bautista, Arturo P (HSS)

              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 12:20 PM

              To: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)

              Subject: RE: Cell Phones for Soldiers




            Thank you for your support to soldiers deployed overseas.

            I was deployed couple of times already with my experience we really do appreciate free
            call to our families. Lots of these locations phone calls are very expensive._ keeping in
            touch to our family and friends are very important to the moral of our soldiers who put
            their lives in the front line to protect our freedom.

            God Bless.




            ARTURO P BAUTISTA

             (907) 465-5809 1 (907) 321-0555

            FAX: (907) 465-8150


                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            email: arturo.bautista@alaska.gov




            From :   Commissioners Office ,    DOA (DOA sponsored)

             Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 10:57 AM

             To: SOA All employees

             Subject: Cell Phones for Soldiers



            Dear State Employee:



            Governor Sarah Palin has asked us to assist the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.



            Cell Phones for Soldiers is a nonprofit organization dedicated to recycling used cell
            phones in exchange for phone cards for our soldiers overseas .  Each phone donated to Cell
            Phones for Soldiers is exchanged for a calling card , good for one hour of talk time.



            Cell Phones for Soldiers was founded by teenagers Robbie and Brittany Bergquist from
            Norwell, Mass., with $21 of their own money. Since then, the non-profit organization has
            raised almost $1 million in donations and distributed more than 400,000 prepaid calling
            cards to soldiers serving overseas .  For more information about the Cell Phones for
            Soldiers program, you can visit their website at
            http://www.cellphonesforsoldiers.com/about.html



            The State Surplus Property warehouses in Anchorage and Juneau will continue to be the
            collection point for disposal of surplus cell phones. If you have a cell phone to
            dispose , please contact your Department Property Officer .   Please remember that sensitive
            information ( including phone numbers , email addresses , etc.) must be removed from all
            electronic devices, including cell phones, prior to disposal.



           All cell phones     which become unserviceable or are excess to your agency will be donated to
           the Cell Phones     for Soldiers program. State Surplus will ensure proper packaging and
           shipment to the     program. Division of General Services Property Manager Jim Jobkar at
           907-257-9632 is     available to answer any questions you may have regarding this program.



           Thank you for considering the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.



           Annette Kreitzer

           Commissioner

           Department of Administration
                                                                3




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016229
