Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, April 25, 2008 2:55 PM
           To:                      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Budget




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, April 25: 2008 2:48 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Budget



           Web mail from: Mr. Gary Knopp

           address: 50465 Patrick Dr. Kenai AK 99611

             252-4457




           MESSAGE:

           The Honorable Governor Sarah Palin



           I would like to introduce myself. I am Gary Knopp and I sit on the Kenai Peninsula Borough
           Assembly representing District 1 (Kalifornsky Beach, Kenai & Ridgeway areas).

           First, I would like to congratulate you on the birth of Trig. My wife and I are sure he
           will bring you and your family boundless joys and blessings.

           I am writing with regards to SB 221 (Capital Budget), in particular a project in Section
           10 Dept of Transportation and Public Facilities project title Kalifornsky Beach Road
           Pedestrian Pathway. As you may or may not be aware the Alaska Dept of Transportation
           (ADOT) is currently rehabilitating approximately 12 miles of this road. This project is
           100W State funded and has been on the Kenai Peninsula Borough's wish list for sometime
           now.  There is a portion of this road that is in desperate need of a separated pedestrian
           walkway that would connect to an existing walkway at the intersection of Kalifornsky Beach
           Road and Bridge Access Road. This section of the road is surrounded by a multitude of
           subdivisions and services literally hundreds of homes and families.   Many families have
           school age children who currently ride their bikes to school in the middle of the existing
           highway. It is at the request of these families that I pursued a separated walkway along
           the most populous area of th

           is road to connect to the existing walkway. The Kenai Peninsula Borough has passed a
           resolution in support of this walkway as did the City of Kenai. The ADOT did not include
           this separated walkway in the design/bid process and therefore does not have the funds
           appropriated for this project.  We have had a lot of support from our delegation in Juneau
           and now its fate is tied to SB 221. There is no better time than now to construct this
           walkway in conjunction with the road rehabilitation project;all the manpower and equipment
           are already on site. I have spoken with the project engineer and he has indicated there
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            is substantial usable material on site that can be used for this walkway. It is our fear
            that if we don't get it constructed now along with the existing road rehabilitation
            project, that the walkway will never happen and we would be passing up an outstanding
            opportunity.

            I applaud all the hard and outstanding work that you have done thus far and I know you
            will continue to do so, especially in dissecting the capital budget. I am hopeful that as
            you go through this year's budget, and have all the facts surrounding the Kalifornsky
            Beach Road Pedestrian Pathway that you will deem it a worthwhile project to be funded in
            the budget process.

            If I can answer any quesions or be of any assistance ,    please do not hesitate to call me at
            283-9494 or my cell at 252-4457.

            Thank you.




            Sincerely




            Gary Knopp




            pal2gary@hotmail.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016237
