Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1of 1


               Unknown

               From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
               Sent:     Friday, April 25, 2008 4:49 PM
               To:       Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
               Subject : RE: Iditarod Trail Committtee (Willow Airport Use)
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




               From : Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)
               Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 3:07 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
               Subject : FW: Iditarod Trail Committtee (Willow Airport Use)
               Importance: High




               Governor,
               We met with the ITC Board of Directors today regarding the use of the Willow Airport for parking for the
               start of the Iditarod Race . I reiterated the Department' s position that we need to work toward (in the
               next 5 years) relocating the start of the Iditarod race off Airport Property . I told them it is about safety
               and preventing conflicts between with aircraft and other non-aviation use vehicles and people. They
               seemed to be receptive and willing to work with us on that goal.

               The first step would be to move parking off the airport runway safety area by next year 's race . This will
               require some clearing and gravel to create alternate parking . We will use the $ 100,000 in the capital
               budget on the project . Step 2 would be a planning study to help relocate the start of the race. I told
               them DOT would help with the study and getting this under contract . Again we said five (5 ) years, so we
               have time. The FAA was at the meeting and was an active part of the presentation.

               Thanks

               LEO




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0016232
