Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From :     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
                Sent:      Friday, April 25, 2008 2:37 PM
                To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Cc:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Cell Phones for Soldiers

              Governor:
              I think State employees will very much appreciate the opportunity to donate used cell phones
              for soldiers , judging by the few replies so far. (Good idea, Randy !) I'm copying Sharon and
              Beth in case they want to put this information (at bottom of this email) in your newsletter.
              ak


              From: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)
              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 2:35 PM
              To: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA)
              Cc: Jones, Vern 0 (DOA)
              Subject: FW: Cell Phones for Soldiers

              FYI.


              Thank you Annette for the update email message ! What an excellent gesture to show our support for our
              soldiers overseas!

              Robin Burns



              Good job.

              Ted Deats



              From: Bautista , Arturo P (HSS)
              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 12:20 PM
              To: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)
              Subject: RE: Cell Phones for Soldiers

              Thank you for your support to soldiers deployed overseas.
              I was deployed couple of times already with my experience we really do appreciate free call to our families. Lots
              of these locations phone calls are very expensive ... keeping in touch to our family and friends are very important
              to the moral of our soldiers who put their lives in the front line to protect our freedom.
              God Bless.

              ARTURO P BAUTISTA
              (907) 465-5809 1 (907) 321-0555
              FAX: (907 ) 465-8150
              email: arturo . bautista@alaska . gov




              8/27/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0016251
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


              From: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)
              Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 10:57 AM
              To: SOA All employees
              Subject: Cell Phones for Soldiers

              Dear State Employee:

              Governor Sarah Palin has asked us to assist the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.

              Cell Phones for Soldiers is a nonprofit organization dedicated to recycling used cell phones in
              exchange for phone cards for our soldiers overseas . Each phone donated to Cell Phones for
              Soldiers is exchanged for a calling card , good for one hour of talk time.

              Cell Phones for Soldiers was founded by teenagers Robbie and Brittany Bergquist from
              Norwell , Mass., with $21 of their own money. Since then, the non -profit organization has
              raised almost $ 1 million in donations and distributed more than 400 ,000 prepaid calling cards
              to soldiers serving overseas . For more information about the Cell Phones for Soldiers
              program, you can visit their website at http://www. cellphonesforsoldiers .com/about.html

              The State Surplus Property warehouses in Anchorage and Juneau will continue to be the
              collection point for disposal of surplus cell phones . If you have a cell phone to dispose , please
              contact your Department Property Officer . Please remember that sensitive information
              (including phone numbers , email addresses , etc.) must be removed from all electronic devices,
              including cell phones , prior to disposal.

              All cell phones which become unserviceable or are excess to your agency will be donated to
              the Cell Phones for Soldiers program . State Surplus will ensure proper packaging and
              shipment to the program . Division of General Services Property Manager Jim Jobkar at 907-
              257-9632 is available to answer any questions you may have regarding this program.

              Thank you for considering the Cell Phones for Soldiers program.

              Annette Kreitzer
              Commissioner
              Department of Administration




               8/27/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016252
