Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown

                 From:       PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.coml
                 Sent:        Saturday, April 26, 2008 1:22 PM
                 To:         Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA); Harper, Michael C (AIDEA)
                 Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); Colberg; Talis J (LAM)
                 Subject: Comments presented at AIDEA board meeting. and a request for you to host an Energy Summit
                 Date: Sat 4-26-08
                 From: Paul D. Kendall
                 TO: Mr. S. Haagenson Energy Director of Alaska


                 Dear Sir,

                 Please consider this a formal and of public record request by me to you;

                 to appoint a body of one or more to hold a preliminary and kind of prepatory , shakeout, pilot,
                 trial or dry run public Energy Summit Forum - Residentail Energy Needs and visions . ( Please see
                 my attachment pages for some rough details ) Sir, i really think we ( alaskans) can do this; Lets
                 give it a shot.. It cant hurt..!
                 AND I DONT NEED TO BE INVOLVED IN THIS IN ANY WAY... AT ALL !!
                 I JUST WANT TO SEE IT HAPPEN; AND HELP IF I CAN....

                 you have to let the Marston Theater people at the Library know something by tue or wed of next
                 week-so they can release those days mentioned...

                 ((((and please dont forget my request for you to film your many community visits so we can
                 learn from them as well by playing them on our community channels... not just Juneaus' G
                 of G privatge network...)))

                  I had hoped to get to talk to you at the AIDEA meeting (23 ) but i missed you...
                 Please find the attached comments i think i gave to the board members...
                 The one with 2 pages on BP and General electric looking to construct up to or around 15
                 Hydrogen generation (500 MW) power stations and bp forming with Rio Tinto a new
                 corporation "Hydrogen Energy" based in London? is not attached..

                 And finaly, in conclusion, I realize some of my commentaries are considered harsh, foolish,
                 stupid, incendiary, inciteful, and called/ considered a lot of other things by some .... In my world
                 freedom of speech. is a priority and a fundamental right.... i look for the intentions and
                 reasons behind the words used...
                 my intentions are well went...!


                 Thank You , Paul D. Kendall

                 Mr. Haagenson, a very, very strong case can be made to have this dry run Energy Summit at the
                 Marston at this time... many reasons can be brought into play here....This could be a really fun,
                 learning , empowering and engaging event for your team and staff, the people, some public
                 officials, and the State of Alaska...
                 I will donate $20.00 toward finger foods for the public; like... say a slice of pizza and a little cup
                 of pepsi for 99 cents.. ( Pizza form Pizza Hut is my preference! but; on second thought it should
                 be an Alaskan company who has first shot at the pizza?? right...)


                 Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.



                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016266
