  Unknown

   From :    Bishop, Clark C (DOL) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=CCBISHOP]
   Sent :    Monday, June 16, 2008 9:13 AM
  To:        'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
   Subject: FW: What the Canadians say.
  Todd read this when you have time. click


  From : Andrews, Gerry (DOL)
  Sent: Friday, June 13, 2008 8:37 AM
  To: Bishop, Clark C (DOL)
  Subject: What the Canadians say.


  Click,

   FYI this came out of the National Post Financial Post - Diane Francis -
  http://network.nationalpost.com/np/blogs/francis/defauIt.aspx , it is what the Canadians are thinking.
  when I see the reference "Manhattan Project" I knew it was up your alley, see the highlighted section. I
  have a call into Kim at Job Corp. Gerry



  High oil: NAFTA's trump card
  Posted: June 12, 2008, 3:04 PM by Diane Francis
  Canadian Politics, Energy, U.S. Politics, Environment, China, Middle East


   X http://network.nationalpost.com/np/blogs/francis/oilsandstruck.jpg




  Note worker beside the world's biggest machinery on the world's biggest construction site at the
  world's biggest oil region in Alberta's oil sands.


                                                                                              ROSTON 02604

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  The global economy is now tripolar and growth is driven by three roughly equal major economic
  engines: North America, Europe and Asia. However, high commodity prices threaten to slow Asia and
  Europe's economies.
  North America is a different matter and a NAFTA energy policy could benefit all.
  The biggest challenges are America's wasteful consumption and Mexico's inefficient national oil
  company Pemex.
  By 2020, Canada's gigantic oil sands mining operations - spread across an area in Alberta the size of the
  state of Rhode Island - will increase oil production from 1.2 million barrels a day for export to four
  million barrels a day, equivalent to Iran's production.
  This Canadian resource largesse, plus off Newfoundland's coast, parts of the U.S. and Mexico, could
  provide NAFTA with a huge competitive advantage over Europe or Asia, in the form of oil and energy
  self sufficiency. But this strategy must also include dramatic conservation measures in all three
  countries.

  The status quo
  Mexico produces 3.71 million barrels a day and Canada 3.23 million , the two use two million daily
  each. Mexico's production is declining but by 2020 Canada's oil sands will produce four million for
  export.
  The U.S. produces 8.37 million barrels per day (third largest in the world) but uses 20 . 59 million, about
  25% of the world total . Production is declining , as Alaska runs out, and consumption is dangerously
  high.
  So here is the NAFTA energy policy :                        < http:Hnetwork. nationaIpost.com/np/blogs/francis/arcticc l
    Mandating hybrid cars and fuel efficiency criteria of
   10 milesv per gallon would reduce consumption rates.
  This must be done immediately by the U.S. and the
  two others would follow the lead because their auto
  manufacturing is destined for the U.S. market. This
  would, if in place now, reduce North American
  consumption of 25 million barrels a day by 15% or
  nearly four million barrels.
      Mexico must welcome foreign investors or partners
  into its oily sector or face an economic catastrophe
  that will result in more illegal immigration to the U.S.
      Americans should fast-track pipeline andv regulatory approvals for Canada and Mexico.
     The U.S. must build, andv finance, the Alaska natural gas pipeline and also projects to tap Canada's
  huge natural gas Arctic reserves.
   Americans must reverse their ban onv drilling offshore or on federal lands. (New polls show 57% of
  Americans agree with this .) Drilling in these areas won't yield huge deposits but will help.
    Labor mobility. Oil workers must be able to work anywhere.v
   v The three countries should finance a Manhattan Project to come up with environmentally benign
 alternatives, conservation methods and technologies to better utilize oil and gas.
    Fast tracking and rationalizing powerv generation facilities is also long overdue , as are government
 mandates requiring clean coal technologies and the use of more nuclear energy.

 By contrast, Europe is hostage to Russia and the Middle East for oil and natural gas and Asians scramble
 for supplies.
 Energy of all kinds could be the ultimate NAFTA trump card but only if leaders from all three countries
 get it and enact it.

                  LJComments (1)E:Send to a friend[iPermalink

                                                                                               ROSTON 02605
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  1 Comment
  You must be logged in to post a comment
  Click here to post a comment
  by The Navigator      The price at the pumps escalates. New refineries
  Jun 12 2008           have not been built in the US or Canada. Opec says
  4:16 PM               there is no shortage of Oil, although such shortages
                        have been forecast for years. High prices will
                        escalate the development of alternate energy
                        sources. New USA refineries are in the planning
                        stage including two to handle oilsands crude.

                        How will this affect escalating stock prices? Better
                        supply will certainly lower those prices. A few
                        years ago when electronics were highly favored
                        stock prices soared and then finally crashed and
                        crashed again. Will this be the same fate of oil
                        based stocks?




                                                                               ROSTON 02606

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
