Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown
               From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:                   Sunday, April 27, 2008 7:34 PM
               To:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
               Subject:                Re: Congrats/Corrections DPS budget


               Very odd response of hers. I'd think Walt could respond to her complaint about "cut DPS
               budget"- her response tells us she doesn't want to hear from me. Do you want to forward
               her complaint to Walt? No need to address her gripe against Joe, that will fall on deaf
               ears except to say (as you point out) he's had a standing invitation to hear from the
               union ad work with them. Joe's doing an outstanding job through this, btw.

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

               From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro©alaska.gov>



               Date: Sun, 27 Apr 2008 19:18:45

               To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

               Subject: FW: Congrats/Corrections DPS budget




               Governor:




               Ms. Kozloff sounds pretty emotional. I will have operating budget numbers on several
               increments we supported for DPS and DOC from Mary Sutton at OMB tomorrow and would like to
               send that information to Ms. Kozloff. She is certainly entitled to her opinion, but she
               should be forming that opinion on the true facts about the budget.




               I will also work on a response about the situation with Commissioner Schmidt: I believe
               that for at least the last month Joe has had a standing offer to sit down with the union
               and work together to resolve the issues. I think the union refused to meet with Joe and
               resolve any issues because that would not have fit well with the way they were portraying
               Joe to members or helped steer their no-confidence vote the way they wanted. These guys
               were trying to bully Joe and us. I will add a few sentences that the Commissioner
               continues to wait for the union to come to the table and get to work on the issues.



               Several individuals like former DOC Commissioner Margaret Pugh who know how this union
               operates and who know him have written in support. We received another e-mail of support
               yesterday from a former Director of Institutions who worked with Joe and retired from DOC
               in 1998.




               Randy


                                                                    1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016308
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               From : Jodie Kozioff    [ mailto : jkozloff@gmail.coml

                Sent :   Sunday, April 27, 2008 4:50 PM

                To: fek9wnr@yahoo.com

                Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

                Subject :   Re: Congrats / Corrections DPS budget




               Governor,



                I will respond to this and then I won't be writing again.



               My email to you was entitled CORRECTIONS and had to do with your unconditional support of
              your friend, Joe Schmidt.  Your response addresses the DPA budget.



               I won't respond as to the DPS budget numbers or Corrections for that matter .    My email -
              was clearly ALL about your response and how bad it looks .  You know that .    Your response,
              or lack thereof , only showed me that what everyone is now talking about is exactly true.
              You don't care what the residents of this State think .  You don ' t care what the employees
              of the State think or feel .  It's all about you and your friends .   I am so disappointed.



                Georgette Kozioff



              On Fri ,   Apr 25, 2008 at 11:03 AM, <fek9wnr@yahoo . com <mailto : fek9wnr@yahoo.com > > wrote:

              Georgette,

               Thanks for the "congrats"! Trig is amazing.



               Re: the budget, not sure where you got the information or numbers you mention in your
              email, but we invite you to look at the actual DPS budget and the growth you'll see there.
              For further clarification on the numbers you seem to be referring to, feel free to contact
              my special assistant on DPS budget, Mr. Randy Ruaro ( he's cc 'd in this email).



               Thank you for contacting me, have a good weekend.

               - Governor Sarah Palin

               -----Original Message-----

                                                                  2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016309
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 From: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" < janice . mason@alaska .gov <mailto:janice. mason@alaska.gov> >




                 Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2008 10:14:02

                 To:Sally Heath <salheath@mtaonline.net <mailto:salheath@mtaonline.net> >

                 Cc:Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com <mailto:fek9wnr@yahoo.com> >

                 Subject: FW: Congrats/Corrections




                 This email has also been sent to Randy Ruaro (DPS). Thanks, Janice




                 -----Original Message-----

                 From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us <mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us>
                [mailto:WebMail@gov..state.ak.us <mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us>

                 Sent: Thursday, April 24, 2008 7:34 PM

                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

                 Subject: Corrections




                Web mail from: Georgette Kozloff

                address: PO Box 101104 Anchorage AK 99510

                  907-830-7021




                MESSAGE:

                Governor Palin,




                I have long supported you and have absolutely been in love with how you

                conduct yourself and conduct business for our State. I have been behind

                your husband in his desire to go back to the Slope, stating it's no

                one's business but yours and his. I have applauded you, flying out to

                be at your son's graduation (my son serves in the U. S. Navy). I have

                laughed and cried, and more recently read and viewed the pictures of

                your newborn son, adoring how precious he is and knowing he's being born

                into a loving and strong family.




                                                                3




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0016310
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Having said all of that, Governor, this time you have missed the mark by

                a mile with your "unconditional support" of Joe Schmidt. All the good

                things you ' ve done . . . have been undone in one fell swoop in my eyes.

                Everyone knows you went to high school together - so what are you

                saying?      That all of these people are liars and have some ax to grind?

                I do not have family members who work in corrections           - this is just

                plain old common sense .       You seriously need to rethink your stance on

                this issue .     Corrections is in a world of hurt .     This man not only

                didn ' t ask for more money for corrections       ( that's fine ), but he GAVE

                some BACK ?     And now you don't believe the people who have given him a no

                confidence vote?       Come on!



                I didn't even write to you when you cut the DPS budget by 1.2 million

                dollars , and I DO have a family member who serves this State as a State

                Trooper .     That was bad enough . . . but this .... this is just wrong and

                believe me, you need to seriously think about rectifying this situation,

                despite the fact that this jerk is your long time          friend .   Do the right

                thing.      Practice what you preach, Governor.



                jkozloff@gmail.com <mailto:jkozloff@gmail.com>




                                                                  4




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016311
