Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 10:15 AM
             To:                      'dgwoodring@earthlink.net'
             Subject:                 RE: Homeland-Security


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state.ak.us)

             Sent: Sunday, April 27, 2008 5:12 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Homeland Security



             Web mail from: Mr. David Woodring

             address: Box FIC Neets Bay Ketchikan AK 99950

              907-247-8790




             MESSAGE:

             Hi,




            I live in a remote community in Alaska. My nearest town is Ketchikan. I can only get
            there by float plane. There are no roads that connect my community to Ketchikan or
            Ketchikan to the rest of North America. I am an avid outdoorsman and hunter. I reload
            most of my own ammunition. My guns are not only used for hunting but in defense of life
            and property.   We have a very large bear population here. This has become a very
            difficult practice for me. There are no stores where I live. I have to charter a $900.00
            round trip float plane to town to buy powder. When I get to town there is only one place
            to buy smokeless gun powder. They don't stock much powder and what they do have is not
            what I want. Due to unfair shipping laws I can not mail order powder. It is legal to
            mail order powder in 48 of the 50 states, but as with most other things Alaskans are
            treated like second rate citizens. I feel that this is an infringement of my second
            amendment rights.   What can be done about t

            his?



            Thank You




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016329
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             David A Woodring

             BOX FIC

             Neets Bay

             Ketchikan AK 99950




             dgwoodring@earthlink.net




                                                       2
