Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                 From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov)
                 Sent:        Monday, April 28, 2008 9:53 AM
                 To:          Kim; Anna C (GOV)
                 Cc:          Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
                 Subject:     FW. Request for Energy Disaster Declaraton for our Villages
                 Importance: High



                From : Nels and Dorothy [mailto:andora@nushtel.net]
                Sent: Sunday, April 27, 2008 9:30 AM
                To: Hoffman, Lyman F (LAA); Edgmon, Bryce E (LAA)
                Cc: Ralph Andersen; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Request for Energy Disaster Declaraton for our Villages
                Importance: High

                April 27, 2008


                Senator Lyman Hoffman
                Representative Bryce Hoffman
                Alaska Legislature
                Juneau, Alaska 99811


                Re: Energy Disaster Declaration for our Villages


                Dear Senator Lyman Hoffman and Representative Edgmon:

                The comment below is one I sent to the Juneau Empire on comments about 17 officials mulling
                over the Juneau "energy crisis". You both know that many or your villages have been paying
                what Juneau is paying now that their low-cost hydro has been temporarily wiped out by an
                avalanche. I fully support helping Juneau as long as all of our villages get the same
                consideration.

                Our energy disaster has been gradual and not a sudden event like an avalanche that wakes
                everybody up. Ours has been eroding our pocketbooks and destroying our villages for over 7
                years.

                We all appreciate all of the work you did on energy weatherization, alternative energy funding,
                new energy money for our schools, fully funding PCE, and revenue sharing for our villages. This
                is commendable.

                However, all of those programs won't help our people who are struggling to pay for electricity,
                heating fuel, gasoline to go hunting, and propane PLUS find money for food for their families.

                We need to build an energy relief bridge to get us from where we are now to whatever is going to
                lower our cost of energy in the future. The only way to give us IMMEDIATE relief is a fuel


                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                   P RA_GSP01 _0016340
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3


                 subsidy and a state sales tax waiver program that reimburses communities that waive the tax on
                 electricity and fuel.

                 IF the state is going to take action for Juneau then you must insist that they do the same for all of our
                 villages across Alaska that have been in an energy disaster condition for over 7 years. However the
                 Governor's decision goes, I beg you to push for expanding the upcoming special session to include our
                 villages to get the help they need or ask the Legislature to call itself into session to address this issue.
                 Since the Legislature is the Assembly for the Unorganized Borough, it would be appropriate for the
                 Legislature to call itself into session to take care of our immediate needs.

                 We beg and pray that you will do the following for us:

                     Urge the Governor to declare an energy disaster for all of our villages across the state of Alaska
                      and/or include that issue in the upcoming special session.
                     Ask the Legislative Leadership to call a special session to meet Alaska's Immediate Energy Needs
                     Support giving Mr. Haagenson, Energy Coordinator, cabinet level status and convert the AEA to
                      the Dept. of Energy
                     Develop legislation that will create an Alaska Fuel Subsidy that will take our Alaska Royalty Oil
                      and have it refined at Flint Hills or Nikiski and have heating fuel, gasoline, diesel, aviation fuel,
                      and propane delivered to all of communities in Alaska at no more than $3.00 a gallon at the pump.
                     Craft legislation that will reimburse all communities that waive all sales taxes on electricity and
                      fuel.
                    Push our Congressional delegation to adopt a moratorium on all fuel taxes.
                My best personal regards,

                Nels Anderson, Jr.
                Box 234
                Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                907-842-2366
                andorana.nushtel.net

                cc: Governor Sarah Palin
                    Ralph Andersen, CEO-Bristol Bay Native Association

                Attachment: My comment on the Juneau Empire story on Governor Mulling Energy Disaster after
                avalanche

                "As the govenor mulls over Juneau being declared a disaster due to the intervention of Mother Nature
                wiping out a power line , most of the villages of Alaska have been suffering extreme hardship due to
                excessively high electricity, heating fuel, gasoline, diesel, and propane costs for seven years. This all
                leads to high transportation costs that raise the cost of food, subsistence hunting and fishing, commercial
                fishing, and places a terrible strain on families that are finding it extremely difficult to pay for energy
                and food for the family.
                Believe me, I am in total agreement with a decision to declare the Juneau area a disaster as long as our
                villages are given the same consideration and declared energy disaster areas as well.
                We have a broken energy system that is not helping all of us equally. That has to stop by getting our
                Alaska State Royalty Oil refined at Flint Hills or Nikiski and have the gasoline, diesel, heating fuel, and
                propane sold to us at no more than $3.00 a gallon. We also need the state to create an energy sales tax
                waiver program that reimburses communites that have a sales tax.
                And finally, we need Mr. Steve Haagenson to be given cabinet level powers to head a new Dept. of
                Energy which is now the Alaska Energy Authority.


                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0016341
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


                 We need help in our villages just as Juneau does. We cannot ignore that fact any more."




                 10/22/2009



                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016342
