Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 8:59 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Saturday, April 26, 2008 9:52 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Melissa Hevener

             address: 2346 Geneva Avenue Glenside PA 19038




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,




             I hope you can find it in your busy schedule to read this email. I heard about your
             inspiring story regarding your child. I wanted to bring to your attention an organization
             that works with Down Syndrome children who have made a difference in the lives of
             thousands of these children and their families. I have seen with my own eyes the
             incredible achievements these children have made with the help of the staff at the
             Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential, a international non-profit founded by
             Glenn Doman.




             As you probably know, Down Syndrome children are far more intelligent than the world makes
             them out to be. This organization has know this and taught this for the last 55 years.
             These children have the capacity to make great gains that the world never suspected were
             possible.



             Again, I hope you can find time to visit this link,



             http:// www.iahp . org/Dow,87.0.html



             Or better yet, read Glenn Doman's book "What to do About Your Brain-Injured child". The
             information in this book has created a better quality of life for many children, and when
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             P RAGS P01 _0016362
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I heard your story I thought this would be right for you.



            I wish you and your family all the best and congratulations on the arrival of your son.



            Best regards,



            Melissa Hevener

            Philadelphia, PA



            mhevener@temple.edu




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0016363
