Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govi
            Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 9:13 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us3

            Sent: Saturday, April 26, 2008 1:45 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Garrett Heckman

            address: 5116 Highland Rd #112 Baton Rouge LA 70808

             214-536-1181




            MESSAGE:

            Good afternoon, Governor     Palin! My name's Garrett, and I'm an international relations
            master's student at LSU.     I actually identify myself as a pro-life libertarian, but I have
            been very impressed with     your work in Alaska. I actually intended to write you a letter,
            but knowing you are very     busy I assumed you would appreciate brevity.



            The reason I'm writing to you today is I had heard (via the Rush Limbaugh show) that you
            were on a list of possible VP candidates. Although it's possible the list he provided was
            mere speculation, I hope that, if it is true, that you would consider running alongside
            Sen. McCain.  The current shortlist that I have seen , naturally, has focused on governors
            or senators from strategic states which will possibly be battlegrounds for the November
            election.  However, I believe your success (as well as popularity) in Alaska will show to
            be invaluable during the election season.



            Although I am ideologically a libertarian, I do typically vote Republican, as I'm sure my
            concern over the 2008 Presidential election has shown. I fear the type of socialist
            Supreme Court Justices we would see nominated under the leadership of a borderline
            socialist like Sen. Obama or an egomaniac like Sen. Clinton. I do think you are the best
            choice for Vice President and I urge you to consider should Sen. McCain approach you.
            Thank you for your time and your consideration. I do hope you consider blessing the rest
            of the United States with the talent God has given you and shown in your work as Governor
            of the Great State of Alaska.



            Garrett Heckman

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0016354
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            garrett.heckman@gmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   P RA_GS P01 _0016355
