Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Monday, April 28, 2008 8:49 AM
            To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :               FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

            Sent: Saturday, April 26, 2008 1:30 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from :   Ms. Helen Middlebrooke

           address: 250 Clara Road Toto OS 96910

             671-477-6706




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Mrs. Palin,

               This is my second attempt. Please forgive the earlier empty e-mail.

              I just read in the Family Research Council newsletter that you have given birth to a
           Dear Sweetie with Down syndrome. I am the mother of nine, who for many reasons (some of
           which elude me) lives on Guam. My eighth child, Deborah, has Down syndrome.

              Someday I'd love to talk with you about this challenge, mother to mother. As a busy
           public servant, this may not be possible, but God may allow it.

              If nothing else, I want to tell you about a wonderful program that will help your
           child. Please visit the website of the National Association for Child Development
           (www.nacd.org). These wonderful people have the very highest expectations for children
           with Down syndrome. The founder of NACD, Robert J. Doman Jr., is probably the foremost
           expert on the education of children with DS in the country. Children with DS who are
           taught with NACD's approach are in excelling. They graduate with real diplomas and go to
           college.

               Do check them out.



               God bless you. And congratulations.



                Helen (Mrs. Michael) Middlebrooke, Guam, mom to Deborah and her eight siblings




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016375
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           inmiddle@guam.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016376
