Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 8:49 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent :   Saturday, April 26, 2008 3:44 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Eileen Haupt

            address:   5 Old Pump Road Jericho VT 05465




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin,




            Congratulations on the birth of your precious baby boy Trig!               You ARE indeed blessed!



            I have a 9-yr-old daughter with Down syndrome named Sadie. She is an absolute joy! You
            will find out in time (if not already) that Trig will be one of the greatest blessings of
            your life.  There is truly something very special about children (and adults) with Down
            syndrome.  You will know exactly what I mean. Only a parent of a child with Down syndrome
            can understand this special love.



            I hope your little boy is healthy. My Sadie did have a heart defect and had heart surgery
            at the age of 3-1/2 months. She did very well though, and she has been a very healthy
            girl ever since.



            I thank you for being such a public witness to life! Sadie's birth is what brought me
            into the pro-life cause, and I am now very active in this endeavor. You sound like a
            wonderful governor.  I am so pleased to hear of a governor being so pro-life.



            You sound like the kind of person who will adjust just fine, but if you ever feel the need
            to contact other mothers with Down syndrome, please feel free to contact me. God bless!

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0016373
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sincerely,

            Eileen Haupt

            Jericho, Vermont




            p.s..... I just thought of something....I had e- mailed a mom of a child with DS who has a
            blog about DS, about marching in the 2009 March for Life in Washington and trying to
            gather a group of families of children with Down syndrome to march to raise awareness of
            the high abortion rate of babies with DS. Would this be something you'd be interested in?



            vteileen@comcast.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0016374
