Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov)
            Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 8:36 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state. ak.us      [mailto: WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, April 25,     2008 8:10 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Susan Vincent

            address: 1335 Wigeon Drive Corona CA 92882




            MESSAGE:

            Thank you for your fortitude in fighting for the rights of unborn children. Thank you
            especially for the example you've set for those who might hesitate to bring to life a
            child with special needs. God has greatly blessed you with your son Trig. Babies are
            such a wonderful gift. They are an example of God's great love for us and of His trust in
            us to raise those children according to His word.

            When I was young I was very selfish, thinking only of myself. I was single and, I
            thought, an independent woman. I made the horrible mistake of having an abortion. At the
            time it didn't bother me. I know, this is just awful, and now I live with the regret and
            the guilt.  I know God has forgiven me but I just can't stop thinking about my choice.
            I'm thankful for people like you who fight for this precious life and greatful you've
            chosen to share your experience. God truly has a gentle soldier fighting for Him and His
            creation.



            choose2obey@yahoo.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            P RA_GSP01 _0016387
