Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                   Monday, April 28, 2008 8:42 AM
        To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
        Subject :               FW: Other




        -----Original Message-----

       From: WebMailtgov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

       Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 9:09 PM

       To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

       Subject: Other



       Web mail from: Ms. Alyson Dunn

       address: 999 Kothmann Road Dripping Springs TX 78620

         512-858-0183




       MESSAGE:

       Dear Mrs. Palin:




       Congratulations on the birth of your precious son, Trig. As a mother of an 18-month-old
       darling with Down Syndrome, I can testify to the "unspeakable joy" of raising a child with
       designer genes.  That extra 21st chromosome is the love chromosome, as my pediatrician
       says, and it's true. My Noah is also my fifth child and second son, and he has been a
       blessing to our family from day one. And the blessing is just more apparent every day.
       He has brought out the best in my children and in my husband and me. We are all much more
       affectionate, loving, and just plain happy since Noah has come along. Why? I think it's
       because we, as human beings, tend to give what we get, and those wonderful things are what
       we get from Noah. Your son will probably have an extra chromosome worth of love and
       happiness to share.  Enjoy him.



       I don't know if Trig is facing any medical issues. I pray he is healthy. While medical
       issues are common, my experience with Noah has been it is not a for-sure thing. My Noah
       had a small VSD which closed on its own. with no need for intervention. No other medical
       problems, so be not afraid. He has not even had to have antibiotics, not even an ear
       infection.  He was a difficult nurser, but we pushed through and he did fine with a little
       extra effort.



       Occupational therapy and joining a Yahoo group for parenting children with Down syndrome
       have been my greatest helps. I typically don't mess with Yahoo groups, but I can't say
       this loud enough - it's the parents who have the answers, not the doctors. Doctors know
       what they have been told or read, parents know from experience.

                                                             1




                                                                                                         P RA_GS P01 _0016383
