Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
          Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 8:43 AM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, April 25,      2008 9:42 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Mary Jane Balcom

          address: 9910 E. Houghton Lake Dr. Houghton Lake MI 48629

           989-422-4334




          MESSAGE:

          I just read an article about the birth of your 5th child and was very impressed with your
          opinion about abortion.

          My daughter is the mother of a beautiful 16 year old daughter named Sarah. She has been a
          joy and blessing in all of our lives.

          Never underestimate their possibilities.  Sarah is in the 9th grade and she will be
          graduating from high school in three more years. Sarah has always been mainstremed in
          school and it has proved to be a positive experience. In the younger grades it was
          difficult for her because the other children did not always understand but now these same
          kids have matured and they love and appreciate Sarah. She is the princess of the class.
          She is even invited to sleep overs by her classmates. She-runs track, downhill skiis, and
          swims like a fish. She is amazing.



          I felt compelled to write this note to you as an encouragement from a grandmother who
          watched her 21 year old daughter give birth to a down syndrome child and say to me the
          next morning "Mom I know what we have to do! We have to help this child to develop to her
          fullest potential"  and her and her husband set out to do just that and the results have
          been wonderful.  Difficult at time but wonderful.



          God bless you: and your family,

          Mary Jane Balcom



          janeb2@charter.net
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016382
