Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 8:39 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            ---- Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj

            Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 8:13 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Jane Tilton

            address :   6671 S. Calle de la Cereza Hereford AZ 85615

             520-378-9406




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin,

            Our thoughts and prayers are with you on the birth of your son. We also have a Down
            Syndrome son, Jacob, born when I was 44. He will have his 21st birthday this summer and
            has been a joy and a blessing (and also a lot of intense work and, certainly, some tears)
            in our family. He has 8 brothers and sisters to whom he has been an inspiration.

            Jacob reads the Scriptures by himself, serves as a part-time volunteer at the Bishop's
            Storehouse, a food bank-type operation where he fills orders, carries them out for
            clients, works in the kitchen, and in the warehouse. He loves music, bowling, camping,
            playing learning games on the computer, reading and playing pool. He has never met a
            person he didn't love--and most of them love him back.

            He had certain health challenges that we were blessed to find help for and he is now one
            of the healthiest DS children in America, I do believe. We worked with Bob Doman of the
            NACD to design a program to help him achieve his potential, and I'd recommend the NACD to
            anyone with a special needs child. They empower families to help their children.

            God bless you and your family for choosing life for this special boy--I won't tell you
            things won't sometimes be hard, but I can tell you they will be worth it.

            Jane Tilton



            lynntiltonl@msn.com




                                                                 L




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016385
