Unknown
From :                    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov]
Sent:                     Thursday, June 19, 2008 12:28 PM
To:                       fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject:                  Re: Questions about the Iron Dog from Kent Durick of South Dakota


Good deal! Thanks, E



----- Original Message -----

From: fek9wnr@yahoo.com <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

Sent: Thu Jun 19 12:26:17 2008

Subject: Re: Questions about the Iron Dog from Kent Durick of South Dakota



I took care of this one



Thx

-----Original Message-----

From: "Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov>



Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2008 09:01:30

To:fek9wnr@yahoo.com

Subject: Questions about the Iron Dog from Kent Durick of South Dakota




Todd,



Kent Durick works at the Pogo Mine of Delta Junction, but is from South

                                                        1                                 ROSTON 02615




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Dakota. He and his brother are planning on entering the Iron Dog race

this year. Kent wants you to contact him; he has several questions that

he was hoping you would answer in regards to the race. The original

request is at the bottom of this email.



I can send him a short note telling him that you're out at Dillingham

fishing, so you might not be readily available to respond, but you'll

get back to him as soon as possible. Let me know if you want to contact

him directly or I can get the questions and forward them to you.



kentdurick@yahoo.com



Hope the fishing's going well!

Erika




-----Original Message-----

From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Monday, June 16, 2008 3:25 PM

To: kentdurick@yahoo.com

Subject: RE: Other



Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns,

opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to

                                                    2                      BOSTON 02616




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email

herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the

appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need,

suggestion, or comment.



-----Original Message-----

From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

Sent: Sunday, June 15, 2008 9:22 PM

To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

Subject: Other



Web mail from: Mr. Kent Durick

address: 13956 goose isle rd. Big Stone City SD 57216

6059492802



MESSAGE:

I am from South Dakota but I do work in the state of Alaska for Pogo

Mine of Delta Junction. What i am emailing you for is mainly for you

husband. I have followed Todd in the Irondog Race for the past two

years. My Brother and I are going to be entering the race this year and

I have heard that Todd is very helpful to all racers. I have several

questions I would like to ask Todd. If you could give him my email and

have him contact me. I appreciate your time and want to thank you so

much.




                                                    3                     ROSTON 02617




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Kent Durick



kentdurick@yahoo.com




                                     4                      ROSTON 02618




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
