Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Monday, April 28, 2008 8:23 AM
                To:       Kim; Anna C (GOV); Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Alaska Energy Crisis




               From : Rep. Beth Kerttula [mailto:Representative_Beth_Kerttula@legis.state.ak.us)
               Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 6:28 PM
               To: Betties Lodge; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Cc: Kookesh, Albert (LAA); Salmon, Woodie W (LAA); Barnes, Nancy C (LAA); Harris, John (LAA);
               Samuels, Ralph (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA); Ellis, Johnny (LAA); Therriault, Gene (LAA); Crawford, Harry
               (LAA); Gardner, Berta (LAA); Seaton, Paul (LAA); Ramras, Jay B (LAA); Hauke, Aurora (LAA)
               Subject: RE: Alaska Energy Crisis

               I think this is a good idea, thanks for the effort. Beth


               From : Bettles Lodge [maitto:info@bettleslodge.com)
               Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 7:42 AM
               To: governor@ataska.gov
               Cc: Sen. Albert Kookesh; Rep. Woodie Salmon; Nancy Barnes; Rep. John Harris; Rep. Ralph Samuels;
               Rep. Beth Kerttula; Sen. Lyda Green; Sen. Johnny Ellis; Sen. Gene Therriault; Rep. Harry Crawford; Rep.
               Berta Gardner; Rep. Paul Seaton; Rep. Jay Ramras
               Subject: Alaska Energy Crisis


               Dear Governor Paiin,
               This is an article that is in today 's Anchorage paper regarding the energy crisis we are facing.
                http: //www.ad n.com /opinion/compass/story/386349.html
               I am asking the help of the Governors office and the legislature in moving forward HB 288 regarding Net
               Metering . Thousands of Alaskans are willing to make the substantial invest in alternative energy to help
               reduce our oil consumption but we need a net metering law to make it cost feasible . I ask you, why is
               Alaska one of only a handful of states that does not have metering?

               It would be a tremendous boost to alternative energy if the legislature was to pass HB 288 during the
               upcoming special session . Doing so would bring a tremendous surge in installation of alternative energy
               systems this construction season before next winter.

               Thank you for your time and your consideration of helping all Alaskans to reduce our dependency on oil.

               Sincerely,
               Dan Klaes
               Mayor
               City of Bettles




                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016404
