Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Monday , April 28, 2008 8:17 AM
                To:       Kerttula; Beth (LAA)
                Subject: RE: Energy Crisis Declaration
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion, or comment



                From : Rep. Beth Kerttula [mailto:Representative_Beth_Kerttula@legis.state.ak.us]
                Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 6:22 PM
                To: Goto; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Davis, Bettye J (LAA); Cissna, Sharon (LAA)
                Cc: Parnell, Sean R (GOV); Hoffman, Lyman F (LAA); Green, Lyda N (LAA); Ellis, Johnny (LAA); Kookesh,
                Albert (LAA); Elton, Kim S (LAA); Therriault, Gene (LAA); Harris, John (LAA); Samuels, Ralph (LAA);
                Edgmon, Bryce E (LAA); Doll, Andrea (LAA); Joule, Reggie (LAA); Nelson, Mary (LAA); Salmon, Woodie W
                (LAA); Ledoux, Gabrielle R (LAA); Foster, Neal (LAA); Thomas, Bill (LAA); Doll, Andrea (LAA);
                michael.nizich@alaska.gov
                Subject: RE: Energy Crisis Declaration

                Hi Ms. Goto, thank you for your thoughts and suggestion. Thank you for your support of my hometown in
                our time of need. We in Juneau have stood with our more rural neighbors on energy issues, and I
                appreciate your concerns. I hope that we can work together for a good resolution for ALL Alaska.

                I know you and your family and friends have long suffered from tremendous fuel and energy prices. I
                know we have to resolve this issue and we have to do it soon.

                I have asked for a declaration of disaster for Juneau because of the many seniors , disabled , single
                parents, small businesses and others who are on fixed incomes and who will not make it through a big
                increase in energy costs . I know other people in Alaska are also suffering . We are truly all in this
                together.

               Thank you for your email, I appreciate it and hope that we can all see a turn around in energy in Alaska.
               All my best, Beth


               From : Goto [mailto:gyagoto@alaska.net]
               Sent: Friday, April 25, 2008 9:47 AM
               To: Governor@gov.state.ak.us; Sen. Bettye Davis; Rep. Sharon Cissna
               Cc: 'Lt. Governor Parnell'; Sen. Lyman Hoffman; Sen. Lyda Green; Sen. Johnny Ellis; Sen. Albert
               Kookesh; Sen. Kim Elton; Sen. Gene Therriault; Rep. John Harris; Rep. Ralph Samuels; Rep. Beth
               Kerttula; Rep. Bryce Edgmon; Rep. Andrea Doll; Rep. Reggie Joule; Rep. Mary Nelson; Rep. Woodie
               Salmon; Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux; Rep. Richard Foster; Rep. Bill Thomas
               Subject: Energy Crisis Declaration

               April 25, 2008

               Governor Sarah Palin
               State of Alaska
               Juneau , Alaska 99811

               Senator Bettye Davis
               State Senate



                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                            P RAGS P01 _0016405
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



              Representative Sharon Cissna
              State House of Representatives

              Re: Energy Crisis in Rural Alaska

              Dear Governor Palin, Senator Davis and Representative Cissna:

              Along with Juneau , please consider declaring all Alaska villages "Energy Disaster Areas ." There is no relief in
              sight and the next fuel barges will deliver even more expensive fuel. I moved to Anchorage in 2002 but I still keep
              a close pulse on what happens at home . In my region , my family and friends are expecting some very steep
              prices of fuel and continued high prices for electricity . The average price of heating fuel in my home region is
              $4.63 and the highest price paid is $7 . 75. Please also note that ISER reports that rural Alaska uses less energy,
              but pays more ( Effects of Rising Utility Costs on Household Budgets , ISER, March 2007).

              Rural Alaska has been asking for energy relief for many years and as far as I know , the state disaster cabinet has
              never assembled on behalf of the villages that are facing increasingly increasing electricity and fuel costs. I hope
              that Juneau gets some relief, but I do not believe it is fair to consider Juneau to the exclusion of Rural Alaska
              villages where they are losing population , their schools are closing , no new jobs are being created , and villages
              are shutting down basic education , life, health , and public safety functions. High energy prices stymie economies
              and economic development. Just look at the airline industry.

              The villages are going over an energy cliff and only massive intervention can turn the tide . Please consider a
              moratorium on energy sales taxes and a state-wide fuel subsidy program to lower the cost of gasoline , heating
              fuel, diesel , aviation fuel , and propane . This could work for and apply to all of Alaska.

              The PCE program helps a lot with electricity and I thank you for your work on building the endowment and
              continuing to fund the program . Without that, instead of only paying 3 to 5 times as much for electricity as
              compared to Anchorage , my friends and family would be paying 3 to about 8 times as much.

              This is a request to support communities ' efforts to help themselves . You may be aware of the fact that many
              communities and regions ( Pilot Point, Interior villages , Petersburg , Pt. Graham , Craig , Chena Hot Springs, and
              others) are taking pro-active steps to solve the energy problem on a long term basis but time is needed for
              their longer term solutions to kick in.

              The experts warn that the energy situation in Anchorage and the rest of the Railbelt will soon be in the same set
              of terrible circumstances that Rural Alaska has been facing for I Os of years . My energy bills are creeping upward
              with no relief in sight. I truly believe we need to work together to solve this energy crisis for the benefit of the
              whole state . I hope that you will look kindly on this request for help and declare an energy crisis for Rural Alaska.
              Short of that, please create tools to stabilize the costs of energy to allow long term solutions to kick in.

              Sincerely yours,

              Greta L. Goto
              Constituent, District K and 22 , and super voter

              CC: Lt. Governor Sean Parnell , Sen. Lyda Green , Sen. Johnny Ellis, Sen . Lyman Hoffman , Sen. Albert Kookesh,
              Sen. Kim Elton , Sen. Gene Therriault , Rep. John Harris , Rep. Ralph Samuels, Rep. Beth Kerttula , Rep. Bryce
              Edgmon , Rep. Andrea Doll, Rep . Reggie Joule , Rep. Mary Nelson , Rep. Woodie Salmon, Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux,
              Rep. Richard Foster Rep. Bill Thomas




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0016406
