Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@a)aska.gov)
          Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 4:49 PM
          To:                      pcspecht@hotmail.com
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.usl

          Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 12:15 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Peter Specht

          address: 7450 Clairborne Circle Anchorage AK 99502

           907-360-2799




          MESSAGE:

          Govenor Palin,

          I wanted to thank you again for taking the time from your family and comming by the
          Veterans Outreach / Veterans BBQ at the Wasilla airport this past weekend. Its was
          unexpected and a great pleasure to have you there. We had an exceptional turnout given the
          weather we recived on Friday. And your arrival and the time you spent with us was the
          iceing on the cake! Lulu Small and the AquaNets were pleased to get a picture with you and
          I'm sure they'll send a copy on.

          For myself and all the Vets on Saturday. Thank you, You have a lot of class and your
          feelings for the people of Alaska and our vets, shows. I don't think there is another US
          state govenor who would have made that effort and shown up as just themselves whithout all
          the goverment trimmings. You and your family are in our thoughts and we support you as you
          support us. It was a pleasure to have such a down to earth, neighborly visit from the Lady
          Govenor next door. You have brought back a bit of the old Alaska to the new Alaska.



          Our very best regards,

          Peter Specht

          ex-Sgt. USAF

          1970 - 1979
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016414
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          pcspecht@hotmail.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0016415
