Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govJ
          Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 4:28 PM
          To:                      fraser.stephanie@hotmail.com
          Subject:                 RE: Fish and Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion , or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 3:08 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game




          Web mail from: Ms. Stephanie Fraser

          address: 11830 Northern Raven Drive Anchorage AK 99516

            9073459315




          MESSAGE:

          Dear the Governor Palin,

              My name is Stephanie Fraser. I am sixteen and I go to Robert Service High School. My
          history teacher has had us research a current events issue for a research paper and I
          chose the issue with polar bears. The issue keeps being pushed off and there still has not
          been a solution for the polar bears. One should be made as soon as possible, if it is, we
          can start to make the polar bears habitat a better place for them to live in.

              The decision for whether the polar bears are going to be placed on the Endangered
          Species List or not has been put off too many times. A decision needs to be made. I think
          that the polar bears should be listed as threatened. The habitat in which the polar bears
          reside, is melting because of global warming. The polar bears live on the ice, and when
          the ice melts, they have to try and swim to the land. Polar bears can only swim so far, if
          they have to go too far because there is not another piece of ice, or any land, they have
          a chance of drowning.

              I realize that this is more of an issue to deal with global warming, but if we are not
          going to do anything to stop harming the environment that the polar bears live in, then
          they should be placed on the Endangered Species List. They are in danger and we are to
          blame. The polar bears should be protected unless we do something to stop contributing to
          the global warming that is ruining the polar bear habitat. The polar bears will not adapt
          to living on land either, the animals they eat do not live on the land, they live in the
          oceans.

               The polar bears need to be protected from our carelessness . So unless , we are going to
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016422
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          clean up the environment and keep it clean, and do other things to keep the global warming
          from continuing at the pace it is at , then the polar bears should be protected under the
          Endangered Species List,



          fraser . stephanieehotmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0016423
