Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, April 28, 2008 4:25 PM
          To:                       Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                  FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 4:24 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Sarah Buchanan

           address :   1111 7th St SW Alabaster AL 35007




          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,

          Hello!  My name is Sarah Buchanan, and I received an email that talked about you having a
          son with DS. If this is true, I just wanted you to know that I also have a son with DS;
          his name is will, He is the most wonderful little boy in the world, and I was so excited
          to read of your perspective on your experience. You don't very often hear of too many
          people in prominent positions with children with DS, so maybe God chose you to make a
          difference, and bring much needed attention to this disorder! I'm sure you have done your
          research and found that organizations trying to research solutions to some of the problems
          that people with Down's have are extremely underfunded. I hope you don't think I'm asking
          for money!  I am just a regular parent like yourself, and wish I could do more for him.
          Will is 4 now and we just love him to pieces, and couldn't imagine him any other way! He
          has changed my (and my husband's) life in ways that I do not have time to address here!
          it really was so

           refreshing to read that someone said no I'm sorrys are needed! I have been saying that
          for 4 years myself. Anyway, I just felt led to let you know that you really have been
          blessed, and good luck to you and your family!



          Sincerely,



          Sarah Buchanan



          buchanansarah@bellsouth.net

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016425
