Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 10:33 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 9:50 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. elvina turner

           address: P.O. Box 205 Unalakleet AK 99684

             907-624-3571




           MESSAGE:

           Congradualation to you and your husband with your son. Just want to let you know that I
           have a 36 years old daughter with down syndrome that we love dearly in our family.
           Michelle my daughter graduated from high school here in Unalakleet, and now she is staying
           home with us. Michelle makes the family laugh, she has two sisters and two brothers. At
           first we had some hard times when we had Michelle but we went through that with the help
           of prayers and talking about it with each others. I just wanted to write to you to let
           you know because I felt for you when I heard the baby was a down syndrome but we still
           love them as much as we love our other children. I know that your a strong women but you
           have a long challenge ahead of yourself also your family. I know your family will make it.
           Take care and feel free to email me about any questions. Have a good day and many
           blesses!  Elvina



           eturner@nshcorp.org




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016437
