Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) jgovemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 10:55 AM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 10:52 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Carl Tremonti

          address: 2918 Bayshore Vista Drive Tampa FL 33611

            727-580-2780




          MESSAGE:

          Congratulations on the birth of your son. I to have a child with Downs, he is the
          youngest of 4 and the only boy. Similar to you we were unaware of this until two weeks
          after his birth when he was readmitted to the hospital and tested. His features are not
          very pronounced.  Although we run into daily challenges they are fairly typical of the
          challenges our other children have gone thru. He will be 4 in July and currently plays t-
          ball and soccer. He is enrolled in an early learning program to prepare him for
          mainstream kindergarten and rides a bus from school to his daycare program which is the
          same as his sisters went. we felt lucky and blessed that god would trust us to raise such
          a special child



          My wife and I are lucky enough to have executive positions in the healthcare field. This
          affords us the ability to seek answers to any questions we may have and ensure no barriers
          exist for Michael to receive the appropriate therapy allowing him to reach his fullist
          potential.



          He is truly a'blessing for us everyday and helps us to focus and understand what is truly
          important in our lives.



          I encourage you to reach out to others who have children with downs so you can understand
          the resources available to you.



          The Best of Luck


                                                               i




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0016429
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          carl.tremonti@baycare.org




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0016430
