Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 10:29 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 7:14 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Timbrel Bilbrey

           address: 320 Dakota Dunes Blvd #213 Dakota Dunes SD 57049

             712.899.4824




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,

           I was listening to the radio yesterday and heard a news blip that "the Governor of Alaska
           just had a baby with down syndrome."

           I just wanted to write to you because I also have a little boy with down syndrome. I
           remember when we found out that Jake would have downs. Several friends talked about having
           an abortion, or tried to convince me that he wouldn't have a very good quality of life. At
           first it was like mourning the death of a "normal" child, but the minute he was born we
           knew he was so perfect, just the way he is, and we wouldn't change a thing. He has such a
           sweet and loving spirit, and he has introduced us to a different kind of world that we
           never would have known, meeting other parents with downs kids, etc.

           Anyway, I just wanted to say congratulations on your beautiful baby boy. it sounds like he
           is going to be loved and wanted, and your life is going to be a crazy adventure with him,
           so good luck, and keep up all your good work.

           Timbrel Bilbrey



           QueenMB3@msn.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016448
