Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, April 28, 2008 10:31 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 8:33 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Regina Karl

           address: PO BOX 868 MONT BELVIEU TX 77580




           MESSAGE:

           Congratulations on your new baby!!



           I, too, have five children, and my fifth child has Down syndrome. At first, my husband and
           I went through the gamut of emotions, but the whole time we knew this child, as with all
           children, is a gift from God. And what a joy he is! We feel not just blessed, but LUCKY to
           have a child with Down syndrome. I share my joy with you in welcoming your baby into your
           family!



           I also want to introduce you to three internet lists that I have found most beneficial in
           providing me with much-needed information, research , and support in the world of Down
           syndrome.  They are:



           1)  http://www.einstein-syndrome.com - I love Miriam's (the founder) positive attitude in
           the way she sees her child with DS. Also, most of the members on this list believe in more
           natural, healthier methods of caring for our special-needs child, because we've learned
           there are, at times, safer alternatives to surgery and/or drugs (which usually come with
           unpleasant side-effects), but we are open to these interventions if necessary.



           2)  http://groups.yahoo.com/group/DSTNI - This group uniformly believes in the benefits of
           Targeted Nutritional Intervention (TNI), a supplemental program that targets the unique
           differences created in our children due to that extra chromosome. I personally use and see
           good results with Nutrivene-D (http://nutrivene.com) in my son. Rob at Nutrivene has a
           daughter with DS.
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016440
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           3)  http://groups.yahoo.com/group/DownSyndromeInfoExchange - another group of parents
           sharing vital information and research.



           If you wish to join these sites to benefit from the knowledge , but prefer to remain
           anonymous, that is fine. Of course, we'd love for you to introduce yourself and your
           child . We all have knowledge , ideas , and experience we can share with each other.



           Governor Palin, I'm so happy for you and your new baby, and I'm very proud of you for
           setting this wonderful pro-life example to our nation and hopefully to the world!



           With warmest congrats!

           Regina Karl

           A proud Texan mom of 5, including Nathan   ( 4yo) with DS



           rakarl@verizon.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0016441
