Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Monday, April 28, 2008 10:27 AM
            To:                       Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                  FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From :   WebMail@gov . state . ak.us   (mailto: WebMail@gov . state . ak.us)

            Sent: Monday, April 28,       2008 5:04 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Greg Williams

            address: 324 Timothy Dr. Nicholasville ICY 40356

             859.881.8718




            MESSAGE:

            The Honorable Sarah Palin



            Thanks so much for being a leader of Integrity, Principles and Priorities that have
            allowed you to not only be the Gov. of Alaska, but more importantly, a wife and mother.
            Thanks for your public service, but more importantly, for your public example and thanks
            to your husband for his role in all of this as well as your precious children, all 5 of
            them!



            As the director of 2 non-profits that deal with healthy relationships and sexuality (one a
            govt. funded character based Abstinence and Healthy Relationship program and one a
            ministry that separately deals with the same issues), I want to just encourage you, your
            husband and family in taking the courageous and right stand with regard to the priorities
            of Life, marriage, family and calling (public service in your case).



            I will certainly be praying for you as my sister was born with hydroencphalytis and the
            "burden" that she was, and has been, to our family over her 43 years have truly been a
            tremendous blessing!



            Thanks again for your stance and true servant leadership and please let me know if there
            is anything that we can be praying for in particular and if our program and/or ministry
            can be of use to you in any other way.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0016453
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            God bless in Christ!




            In His service




            Greg Williams



            gdubya3l@yahoo.com




                                                        2
