Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 5



                Unknown

                 From :       Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJ FRYE]
                 Sent:         Monday, April 28, 2008 2:54 PM
                To:           Sarah Palin
                 Subject: FW: story re: polio - Hope you can print this out. Share with anyone, but the Gov and Todd has
                          dibs.

              Hi Governor!

              Steve asked that I pass this story on to you.


              From. Quinn, Steve [mailto:squinn@ap.org]
              Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 2:44 PM
              To: Frye, Ivy) (GOV)
              Subject: RE: story re: polio - Hope you can print this out. Share with anyone, but the Gov and Todd has dibs.
              Friday
                            Publication:
                                         THE DALLAS MORNING NEWS
                                         MY MOM, MY HERO As a child, Mom was undaunted by
                                         paralysis and physical therapy. But what will post-polio
                                         syndrome do to her now?
                                 Byline:
                                         Steve Quinn
                                         Staff Writer of The Dallas Morning News
                                         TODAY
                                  Zone:

                                Edition:
                                           THIRD
                          Column Name:

                                Series:

                          Page Number: 5C

                           Word Count 14,55
                              Dateline:

                                    Art:

                            Correction:

                                 Notes:


                                  Text The jetty rocks are slick and sharp. Sometimes they serve as a
                                     backdrop to family snapshots on the New England shore. Other
                                     times, they are a 6-foot hurdle, dividing the beach.

                                           In either case, the woman scales them with surprising ease. Soon,
                                           we'll set out for the Cape Cod coastline and take a sunset walk by
                                           the sea.

                                           Maybe this time she'll begin to tell me stories.



                                           The school halls are virtually empty except for an 1 1-year-old
                                           blond girl gingerly making her way up a set of stairs in a Maple
                                           Heights, Ohio, school. She reaches the landing and begins walking
                                           with a slight limp she hopes is covered by loose clothing.




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0016493
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 2 of 5


                              She's late for class. Her arrival draws stares from seventh-grade
                              classmates and silence from teachers who must wait for the girl to
                              take her seat.

                              That's her, they think. That' s the girl who had polio.

                             The year is 1953. The girl has returned to school after fighting
                             off a bout with the neurological virus that struck fear in North
                             Americans during the '40s and '50s. Polio left many of its victims
                             paralyzed for weeks, months , sometimes permanently.

                             Undaunted by weeks of her own paralysis and months of physical
                             therapy , the girl is back in class walking unaided ; still, she
                             wishes she had had anything but polio . If that were the case, the
                             boy whose locker is next to hers would not run in a panic, leaving
                             his books behind.

                             She refuses to skip any of her classes , including physical
                             education . Softball is her favorite sport. She must hit a line
                             drive to deep center field to reach first base, but she gets there.
                             To her, it's just as good as hitting a home run. But the gym
                             teacher asks the girl whether she can't run any faster.

                             Embarrassed , she tells her teacher no , then wonders : Isn't it
                             enough that she got this far on her own?



                             My mother, Stephanie Ann Backman , was that girl. As an adult, she
                             became my hero , my role model and my antagonist.

                             Now she is 59 , and the drive and resolve of this 5 -foot-2,
                             103-pound woman are still that of the 11-year-old girl pushing
                             herself toward first base . But the physical means that fuel her
                             ambition are slipping away.

                             Mom has post-polio syndrome , a menacing term that means that the
                             virus may be gone, but its effects are reappearing decades later at
                             an unpredictable pace.

                             Symptoms she thought had healed have returned and so have a few
                             new conditions: muscle fatigue , weakness , pain, numbness, failing
                             posture toward day's end , an inexplicable failure to do simple
                             tasks such as holding out her arms palms up, then raising them past
                             her shoulders.

                             Experts estimate there are at least 250 , 000 people with
                             post-polio syndrome . Doctors often misdiagnose the condition or
                             don't immediately recognize it because many of today 's physicians
                             didn't study polio in school.

                             The impact on my mom was this: Doctors at first weren 't sure what
                             was slowing her down; and then , once the diagnosis was made, they
                             weren't sure how to treat her. No one knows what lies ahead.



                             My mother and I have always been close , but watching polio's late
                             effects on her has brought me closer to her in ways I could have
                             never predicted.




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0016494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 3 of 5



                             We talk more about everyday life as if we were friends. And when
                             the time is right , we talk about polio. Discussions leave me
                             wishing I were there more often to help , to ease her burden and
                             what will be a growing burden on my stepfather.

                             Each trip to the East Coast reveals subtle changes in her
                             condition. At times I want to be in the same room just to make sure
                             she's OK. When I leave New England, I wonder what will change by my
                             next visit.

                             I face the prospect of someday being my mother's caregiver. And
                             my worries grow as I watch her become more vulnerable, watch her
                             age faster than either of us expected.

                             The reversal in roles has already begun. As a psychotherapist
                             accustomed to pushing people for their thoughts, Mom faces my
                             questions about polio stories that she'd kept to herself.

                             I now know of that summer day in 1952 when Mom, known to friends
                             and family as Penny, entered Metropolitan General Hospital
                             screaming from the searing pain that ran through her body . She lost
                             the use of her legs for the next three weeks.

                             I know of the day Penny repeatedly rang for the nurse to remove
                             the bedpan. She had to get out of bed and remove it herself. The
                             nurse finally arrived to find a girl hanging on the side of the bed.

                             We've always been communicative , but these days we talk far more
                             than we ever have . Mostly, its about the day-to-day: the Boston
                             Red Sox's late-inning rallies , the Texas heat, our weekend plans.

                             Still, I call needing to know how she is doing , needing to
                             understand what happened 50 years ago, what's happening now and why.



                             As I was growing up, Mom and I never discussed the polio. You
                             couldn't really tell she'd had it: With the exception of a slight
                             loss of posture while climbing stairs, she showed no signs of any
                             neurological or muscular virus.

                             What I saw was an independent woman who refused assistance - and
                             sometimes still does. Mom simply couldn't be stopped.

                             The subject of polio wasn't necessarily taboo . It just never came
                             up. There were other immediate concerns while she raised two sons
                             in an east-side Cleveland suburb.

                             She would worry about supporting a family, forced to move every
                             two or three years , on a household income that was a handful of
                             dollar bills over the food stamp threshold. I, on the other hand,
                             would worry about making the varsity baseball team. She would
                             wonder whether the child-support check would arrive on time and, if
                             so, whether it would bounce. I would question my chances for
                             getting a prom date.

                             It wasn't until five years ago that I became more aware of my
                             mother's condition , when the effects of polio began sneaking back
                             into her life.




             8/26/2009


                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016495
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 4 of 5



                                Even today, the signs of polio range from to scant to stark. Her
                                muscles respond one minute but fail to answer the call another.
                                Bedtime can be as early as 11:30 p.m. This from a woman who thought
                                it was a sin for adults to go to bed before midnight To her,
                                anything earlier is a waste of living.

                                I wince when I watch her climb stairs. With the first step, she
                                loses her posture. She needs to crane her neck to see the landing.
                                Still, I marvel at her blend of craziness and impatience when she
                                decides to push 50-pound stones around her garden.

                               I get angry when she won't use any of her walking canes or when
                               she tries to lift anything heavy , which for her can be a cast-iron
                               skillet or a bag of groceries.

                                In the next six months, Mom, who has a healthy private practice
                                in Portland, Maine, will spend time teaching in Australia and
                                Sweden, perhaps with stops in other Scandinavian countries.
                                Splitting time between Portland and Cape Cod, she'll log another
                                10,000 to 12,000 miles on the road this year.

                               But at what price? Mom's healthy muscles already have been
                               overworked by compensating for other muscles affected by the virus.
                               As with many polio survivors, she followed doctors' orders and her
                               own ambition: She worked the muscles hard while pursuing a
                               productive life.

                               Now she's being cheated out of aging naturally and confronting
                               the prospects of being disabled again . She repeatedly asks the same
                               unanswerable questions: What is the difference between old age and
                               post-polio syndrome ? At her age, is she supposed to be bent over
                               like this? If she works hard all day, and she 's tired, is that normal?

                               Still, Mom is in charge. Affectionately nicknamed "The Boss" by
                               my stepfather, Mom still chides me and nurtures me. She keeps after
                               me about my weight She asks whether I've met a woman , perhaps
                               someone who one day will be a member of the family . She asks
                               whether I have enough money for my return trip to Dallas.

                               Somehow, I never get tired of hearing these questions.
                               As we wade through the water , captivated by the sea creatures
                               leading a life oblivious to ours , I tease her for lifting a skirt a
                               few inches so that it won 't get wet. A clam shell catches our eyes;
                               it has a strange , furry coat We bend down for a closer look.

                               When it's time to stand up, I offer my hand.
                               This time, she takes it.




              From, Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [mailto :ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 2:28 PM



              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0016496
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                    Page 5 of 5


              To: Quinn, Steve
              Subject: story re: polio

              Steve,

              I couldn't find that story-sorry!




              The information contained in this communication is intended for the use
              of the designated recipients named above. If the reader of this
              communication is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
              that you have received this communication in error, and that any review,
              dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly
              prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please
              notify The Associated Press immediately by telephone at +1-212-621-1898
              and delete this email. Thank you.
              [IP US DISC]
              msk dccc60c6d2c3a6438f0cf467d9a4938




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016497
