Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTSICN=TEIRWIN)
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 8:01 PM
            To:                      'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 Re: Thanks....and a Letter to the Editor


            Thanks back at you!



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

            Cc: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

            Sent: Tue Apr 29 19:29:05 2008

            Subject: Re: Thanks... .and a Letter to the Editor



            Wow- that letter to the editor is 100-percent right on... it's reflective of my thinking
            still: if Big Oil is just blowing smoke then the Owner State needs to find a way to just
            do this ourselves. Ideally TC and Denali would get it together, and get together, and get
            this built. But if this go 'round is just more of the same rhetoric (and quasi-threats),
            then there's got to be a way to tap our resources and build our line ourselves.



            Thank you for meeting with Hickel. I know those are time consuming mtgs but,I believe they
            go a long way. Thank you! And thank you both for all you're doing for AK!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>



            Date:    The, 29 Apr 2008 15:07:56

            To: gov. sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

            Subject: FW: Thanks .... and a Letter to the Editor




            Blank




            Governor,
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPOI_0016501
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            As you requested, Marty and I met with Governor Rickel and Malcom Roberts this morning to
            insure we maintain a close working relationship with them. The meeting was very friendly.
              We heard the same consistent message from Governor Rickel, "this is an owner state and
            we need to continue to stand up for what is best for the state". He readily gives credit
            to you and your Administration for doing that and feels AGIA has been a real success.
            Governor Rickel remains a firm believer that the owner state should hire someone to build
            the LNG gasline for us. Governor Rickel and Malcom are going to visit China. They are
            willing to meet with Marty and me when they get back and let us know what they learned.
            They are also amenable to take a list of questions we prepare for them that they can ask
            on the trip.

            They were complimentary.of the Point Thomson decision. We gave them a high level overview
            of the sequence necessary for oil and then gas production at PT.

            Malcom sent the following for us to read. Thought you would enjoy it. God bless Tom




                                                                                                                             1



            From: mbroberts@gci.net (mailto:mbroberts@gci.net)

             Sent :    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 11:29 AM

             To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

             Subject: Thanks .... and a Letter to the Editor



            Dear Commissioner:

                      Thanks to you and Marty for coming by this morning. Did you see the attached?

                      Malcolm




            Letter to the Editor



            The oil truth



            Chuck Saylor, Healy

            Published Tuesday, April 29, 2008




            News-Miner




            To the editor:

                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0016502
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Corporate oil and truth? Rather tough to say in the same sentence.

            For more than 30 years, Alaska has heard promises and great plans for development of oil
            and gas resources . In all that time, there has been no attempt to market gas and little to
            increase oil production.

            If we want to hear any more hollow words from Big Oil , we can just rewind the tapes.

            Is it just coincidence that Big Oil is now vowing to move ahead with the construction of
            the natural gas pipeline , with or without the state ? Could it just be a " returned serve"
            because Alaska has vowed to build the line , with or without Big Oil? It ' s all like a big
            game of chess . Now with Mr . Irwin ' s decision on Point Thompson , Big Oil is saying that
            without Exxon and Point Thompson in the bid for marketing the resources , their project may
            have trouble moving forward.

            Already looking for a back door out, I'd say.

            Alaska does not have to go under hack to corporate greed and warehousing efforts. I
            believe our governor can see through the smoke from those folks and will take a back seat
            to no one . We can get it built with or without them, even if we use our Permanent Fund to
            do it.

            Then we can charge them transportation fees and get more royalties . Yes, they can refuse
            to sell the natural gas they have by lease, but only at the peril of great anger from
            their stockholders.

            They can say what they want in any number of ways and any degree of clarity. It is just
            words without any action . Rather like a blank round , a lot of noise and smoke but no
            projectile . I say " go" Mr. Irwin and Governor Palin, corporate oil is not using live ammo.

            Leases issued by Alaska to all corporate entities should have a "drop dead " date. No
            action , no lease , enough said.




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016503
