Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Tuesday, April 29, 2008 8:59 PM
            To:                     Fradley; Tara D (GOV)
            Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Thanks....and a Letter to the Editor


            Thanks!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Fradley,    Tara D (GOV)" <tara.fradley@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2008 20:38:00

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: Thanks... .and a Letter to the Editor




            Yes, will do.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com <mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com> J

             Sent: Tue 4/29/2008 7:30 PM

             To: Fradley, Tara D (GOV)

             Cc: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)

             Subject: Fw: Thanks... .and a Letter to the Editor



             Tara- would you do a thank you note for this letter writer (attached to end of Tom's
            email below). Thanks

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>


                                                                      1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSPO1_0016498
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Date : Tue, 29 Apr 2008 15:07:56

              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Cc:"Rutherford ,   Marty K (DNR )" <marty . rutherford@alaska.gov>

              Subject :   FW: Thanks .... and a Letter to the Editor




              Blank



              Governor,

             As you requested , Marty and I met with Governor Hickel and Malcom Roberts this morning to
            insure we maintain a close working relationship with them .  The meeting was very friendly.
              We heard the same consistent message from Governor Rickel , " this is an owner state and
            we need to continue to stand up for what is best for the state ".   He readily gives credit
            to you and your Administration for doing that and feels AGIA has been a real success.
            Governor Hickel remains a firm believer that the owner state should hire someone to build
            the LNG gasline for us .  Governor Hickel and Malcom are going to visit China .  They are
            willing to meet with Marty and me when they get back and let us know what they learned.
            They are also amenable to take a list of questions we prepare for them that they can ask
            on the trip.

             They were complimentary of the Point Thomson decision .  We gave them a high level
            overview of the sequence necessary for oil and then gas production at PT.

             Malcom sent the following for us to read .       Thought you would enjoy it. God bless
            Tom




              ----------------




              From: mbroberts@gci . net [mailto : mbroberts@gci.net <mailto : mbroberts@gci.net>

               Sent: Tuesday , April 29, 2008 11:29 AM

              To: Irwin ,   Tom E (DNR)

               Subject: Thanks... .and a Letter to the Editor



             Dear Commissioner:

                      Thanks to you and Marty for coming by this morning .       Did you see the attached?

                      Malcolm




             Letter to the Editor
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0016499
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The oil truth



             Chuck Saylor, Healy

             Published Tuesday, April 29, 2008




             News-Miner




             To the editor:

             Corporate oil and truth? Rather tough to say in the same sentence.

             For more than 30 years , Alaska has heard promises and great plans for development of oil
            and gas resources . In all that time , there has been no attempt to market gas and little to
            increase oil production.

             If we want to hear any more hollow words from Big oil , we can just rewind the tapes.

            is it just coincidence that Big Oil is now vowing to move ahead with the construction of
           the natural gas pipeline , with or without the state? Could it just be a "returned serve"
           because Alaska has vowed to build the line , with or without Big Oil? It ' s all like a big
           game of chess. Now with Mr . Irwin's decision on Point Thompson , Big Oil is saying that
           without Exxon and Point Thompson in the bid for marketing the resources , their project may
           have trouble moving forward.

             Already looking for a back door out , I'd say.

            Alaska does not have to go under hack to corporate greed and warehousing efforts. I
           believe our governor can see through the smoke from those folks and will take a back seat
           to no one. We can get it built with or without them , even if we use our Permanent Fund to
           do it.

            Then we can charge them transportation fees and get more royalties . Yes, they can refuse
           to sell the natural gas they have by lease , but only at the peril of great anger from
           their stockholders.

            They can say what they want in any number of ways and any degree of clarity . It is just
           words without any action . Rather like a blank round , a lot of noise and smoke but no
           projectile . I say "go " Mr. Irwin and Governor Palin , corporate oil is not using live ammo.

            Leases issued by Alaska to all corporate entities should have a "drop dead " date. No
           action , no lease , enough said.




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016500
