Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 3:20 PM
           To:                      'dee@childorama.biz'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us)

           Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 3:08 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mrs. Desiree Thomas

           address :   1920 Greendale Drive Anchorage AK 99504




           MESSAGE:




           Governor Sarah Palin

           Office of the Governor

           P.O. Box 110001

           Juneau, AK 99811-0001




           Dear Governor Palin,




           I'm writing to thank you for your efforts to increase funding

           for pre-kindergarten education this year. As you clearly know,

           providing high-quality pre-k benefits our children and increases

           their chances of future success . Supporting state -funded pre-k -
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0016519
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            even in lean budget times - is a commitment to our children and

            an investment in our economic prosperity , and we cannot afford

            to pass up these opportunities.



            Thank you again for your leadership on this important issue. I

            hope I can continue to count on your support for pre-k in the

            future. Our children' s future demands nothing less.



            Sincerely,




            Thank you,

            Desiree Thomas

            1920 Greendale Drive

            Anchorage ,   AK 99504




            dee@childorama.biz




                                                          2
