Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 2:20 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 1:29 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Deborah Kitelinger

            address :   3548 Biathalon Ave North Pole AK 997.05

             907-388-0815




            MESSAGE:

                                .....PERSONAL ............................




            Good Afternoon Governor,

            Hi.... this is Debbie Kitelinger from North Pole. it was good seeing you the end of
            January when you stopped in to see us when we were in Juneau for the Disabilities and
            Special Education Board meeting. But I have to tell you it is not fair that you were able
            to hide your pregnancy so well!!!! LOL I know you are very busy but I hope you will take
            the time to read the poem that was sent to me today by Erma Bombeck. Have the tissue
            ready!!!



            Congradulations on your new beautiful blessing from God!!!!



            The Special Mother

            by Erma Bombeck




           Most women become mothers by accident,         some by choice , a few by social pressures and a
           couple by habit.



                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016535
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            This year nearly 100,000 women will become mothers of special needs or handicapped
            children. Did you ever wonder how mothers of handicapped

            children are chosen?




            Somehow I visualize God hovering over earth selecting his instruments for propagation with
            great care and deliberation. As He observes , He instructs His angels to make notes in a
            giant ledger.




            "Armstrong, Beth; son. Patron saint.. .give her Gerard. He's used to profanity."




            "Forrest, Marjorie; daughter. Patron saint, Cecelia."




            "Rutledge, Carrie; twins. Patron saint, Matthew."




            Finally He passes a name to an angel and smiles ,     " Give her a special needs / handicapped
            child."




            The angel is curious. "Why this one God? She's so happy."




            "Exactly ," smiles God , "Could I give a special needs / handicapped child to a mother who
            does not know laughter? That would be cruel."




            " But has she patience ?" asks the angel.




            "I don ' t want her to have too much patience or she will drown in a sea of self -pity and
            despair . Once the shock and resentment wears off , she'll handle it."

                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0016536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            "I watched her today. She has that feeling of self and independence that is so rare and so
            necessary in a mother. You see, the child I'm going to give her has her own world. She has
            to make her live in her world and that's not going to be easy."




            "But, Lord, I don't think she even believes in you." God smiles , "No matter , I can fix
            that. This one is perfect - she has just enough selfishness . " The angel gasps -
            "selfishness ? is that a virtue?"




           God nods. "If she can't separate herself from the child occasionally, she'll never
           survive. Yes, here is a woman whom I will bless with a child less than perfect. She
           doesn't realize it yet, but she is to be envied.




           She will never take for granted a 'spoken word,". She will consider a step extraordinary.
           When her child says 'Momma' for the first time, she will be present at a miracle, and will
           know it!"




           "I will permit her to see clearly the things I see ... ignorance, cruelty, prejudice.... and
           allow her to rise above them. She will never be alone . I will be at her side every minute
           of every day of her life, because she is doing my work as surely as if she is here by My
           side".




           "And what about her Patron saint?" asks the angel, pen poised in mid-air.




           God smiles, "A mirror will suffice."



           Hope that touched your heart like it did mine.




           Have a Great Day,

           Debbie




                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0016537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           kitelingerfamily@gci.net




                                                       4




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0016538
