Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 2:27 PM
            To:                      Good; Jacob D (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Boards-and-Commissions




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 2:25 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Boards-and-Commissions




           Web mail from: Jimmie Rogers

           address: PO Box 520477 Big Lake AK 99652

             907-982-1400




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




           My comments to you are divided in to three sections.



           1. My wife Nancy and I think you are doing are great job! We are extremely pleased with
           your unique ability to handle the tough political side of the job, while maintaining an
           approachable, positive, and friendly air about you. We have not had these qualities in a
           governor since I have lived in Alaska beginning in 1981.



           I knew your husband Todd from the Polaris shop in Big Lake when I used to work as a
           Security Supervisor at Alyeska Pipeline.  He was a great guy then and appears to be the
           same today.  My wife Nancy (formerly Carmen) went to high school with you (same years) at
           Wasilla.



           2.  Congratulations on the new baby, and the way you have handled the "extra"
           responsibility by pulling double duty and not skipping a beat from work. The answer you
           gave on the news shortly after the birth describing the extra gene and circumstances was
           "PERFECT".  You could not have given a better statement. Your grace and kindness will
           surely overcome any challenges that lie ahead. I truly believe that kids are born to
           parents that have the tools to provide exactly what is needed for any particular
           circumstance; for this Trig in addition to his family is blessed.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016533
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            3.  After spending the past seven years working in Kotzebue , I have moved back home to Big
            Lake, started my own business , and have sent in my application packet and request for
            Board & Commission appointment letter on April 11th, 2008 .  I would be happy to re - send to
            you or an appropriate staff member my packet information.



            Unfortunately, the system has screeched to a halt; your web page on Boards & Commissions
            gives excellent information on what to expect however , for someone who truly desires to
            serve you I was not contacted within 72 hours as stated .  In fact I had to initiate a call
            to see if my packet was received at all.   After nearly three weeks I have heard nothing,
            and tried to talk to Frank Bailey to check on my status , who was in a 'meeting ' yesterday
            but still never called me back.   I am not trying to complain , however my understanding is
            any appointed person either as a State employee or commissioner/Board member serves to
            help you and further your cause and efforts for the residents of Alaska .   I would return
            calls and try to fill vacant seats with qualified persons who are trying to be part of the
            team, not leave them hanging , to feel frustrated and lose interest or worse !  Just sharing
            my thoughts and would love the opportunity to serve you in the capacity requested or
            however you see fit

            ,   keep up the great work!




            Respectfully,




            Jimmie Rogers , CHSP,CEO

            Valley Protection & Investigations LLC

            Big Lake ,   AK 99652

            907-982-1400




            valleypi@mtaonline.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016534
