Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 1:17 PM
           To:                      'starmandan3@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 12:08 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Dan Veal

           address:    1120 Pine St. Anchorage AK 99508




           MESSAGE:

           Sarah!

                    A poem of ascending hope!                                 (2 more)




                                      "Star Mountain"



             Climb to the top of the mountain is what I want to do.

             Always striving foreward Lord, giving praise to you.

             As I climb blood rushes through my veins,

             my heart is beating fast.

             Refine with heat the gold in me I know shall always last.

             My will to climb, each step I take seems closer up above.

             To reach you is desire in me ,     an expression of my love.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0016552
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             A cleansing way of showing lord , how strong I want to be.

             With you there on the mountain , brings peace and joy to me.

              Up high is where I'm close to you,the climb does win the race

              . But Lord I know full joy won ' t come, until I see your face.




             Kids! Ya gotta Lov em!

                                         starcoloralaska.com




           starmandan3 @yahoo.com




                                                               2
