Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent :                  Tuesday, April 29, 2008 10:06 AM
             To:                     Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
             Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Environment




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 8:15 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Environment




            Web mail from: Ms. Mona Stutes

            address: 3053 Doil Drive (east Dowling) Anchorage AK 99507

              907 561-0878




            MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin -- congratulations on your new baby. I have a request that I hope
            you have time to consider. I am trying to save the lives of a strip of trees that I see
            beyond my back yard.



            I bought this 0-lot line in '94 and have lived here since, knowing that the plan to expand
            and extend Dowling Road existed, and hoping that it would be postponed. I thought it would
            be farther north and would leave trees between me and it - but now see that the line for
            clearing (in July) would completely cut down all of the trees (birch and spruce, including
            white spruce). I have enjoyed this small strip of greenery with it's bird and animal life
            and it's different appearances over seasons -- the trees are the reason I bought this
            house and I love seeing the sun and wind on them -- the last big snow fall was amazing
            with almost 2 feet of snow piled on the trees... it makes me cry to lose them. I'm looking
            for another house but as I look around, I see that this really is a unique place in just
            having this small amount of greenery in the Anchorage bowl.



            I've talked with Jim Childers of DOT and many others who all tell me the plan is complete
            and going to bid. Is there any hope of a "stay of execution" for this strip of trees? I
           know it's all about right-of-ways and permits and money, but so many trees have already
           been cut for new roads and development here ...do you think anything can be done to angle
           ,the proposed road a bit to the north to miss these trees? I will appreciate any response
           and help from you, thank you, Mona




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016584
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            monamds@gci.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0016585
