Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Tuesday, April 29, 2008 11:34 AM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: View Speaker Schedule for State Chamber Legislative Wrap-Up May 7




                From : Lisa Reinhart [mailto:leinhart@alaskachamber.com]
                Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 11:19 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: View Speaker Schedule for State Chamber Legislative Wrap-Up May 7



                Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                April 29 , 2008 E-News

                Join the Alaska State Chamber for a Legislative Wrap Up

                       Wednesday, May 7th at Hilton Anchorage Hotel
                       Legislative Scorecard on 25th Legislature and Issues facing Alaska's Business Environment
                       BP and ConocoPhillips Provide a Project Update on the Denali: The Alaska Gas Pipeline at
                        Luncheon
                       View Detailed Speaker Schedule Attached to this E-News
                       Choose One Combined Rate for Full Session or for Luncheon Only
                       Seating is Limited to first 150 to register
                Register at www.alaskachamber.com or register here . Register
                today! Seating is Limited.

                State Chamber members and non-members may choose a combined rate to attend the morning and
                luncheon sessions or choose to one rate and attend the luncheon session only. The cost for the
                combined morning and luncheon session is $75 for members/$95 for non-members. Registration for
                luncheon session only is available for members at $35, and for non-members at $45.

                Thank You To The Following Businesses for Sponsorship Support:

                Please join the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce in saying thank you to the
                following statewide businesses for their sponsorship support of the 2008 Legislative Wrap-Up by visiting
                them on the web:

                Chevron USA. Wells Far-go , BP and ConocoPhillios. Barrick Gold of North America , Pioneer
                Resources of Alaska , Shelf Exploration of Alaska and Totem Ocean Trailer Express.

                You can build important relationships with your fellow State Chamber business members through
                sponsorship of Alaska State Chamber events and imprint your company brand. Please phone Lisa
                Reinhart, Development Director at (907) 278-2727 or email lreinha d@alaskachamber .com to request
                our 2008 Fall Conference and Business Trade Show and 2008 Legislative Tie-In event sponsorship
                menus and benefit structure outlines.

                The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce is a 501 c(6) organization . Its vision is to be the Voice of Alaska
                Business. Our mission is to drive positive change for Alaska's business environment and to improve our
                member organizations by providing leadership, advocacy, connectivity and support. For more information
                visit www.alaskachamber.com.




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016592
