Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 10:11 AM
                 To:      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
                 Cc:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Powerful Testimony



                From : Humphreys, Samuel P (DOC)
                Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 9:02 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)
                Subject : Powerful Testimony

                Governor Palin,

                It was nice meeting and talking to you on the elevator and as you entered the A/G banquet. I too
                appreciate all that Comissioner Joe is doing. He is taking an unfair barrage of attacking from the CO's. I
                have always felt organizations including the public sector are more effective as a collaborative team
                working to solve challenges rather than aligning coalitions which reduce production and serve to
                undermine the 'mission'. Thank you for standing behind a good man and a friend.

                Sarah ... Greatjob of speaking to our Assemblies of God Family. You spoke from the heart; your
                faith, conviction and life choices as well as challenges spoke to us all. lam proud to follow your
                leadership of this state. You are a testimony to the state and more importantly to the Lord Himself
                and His kingdom . My prayers are for you.

                By the way. I for one love the mission and vision of the Department of Corrections. It clearly speaks to
                what drives us to do what we do. Thanks to all the command staff of DOC and the State of Alaska.

                For His Ultimate Purpose,

                Sam Humphreys, Chaplain
                Anchorage Correctional Complex




                 10/22/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0016593
