Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 10:04 AM
            To:                      'kdunn@alaskatia.org'
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 8:12 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Kathy Dunn

            address: 10045 Goodnews Circle Anchorage AK 99515

              907-929-2842




            MESSAGE:

            Thank you for taking the time to attend the National Honor Society Induction at Mears
            Middle School in Anchorage last week. When my daughter told me you would be speaking, I
            told her - gently - to not be surprised if you didn't show up bdue to the birth of your
            son.  The fact that you did show up was impressive! Furthermore, your speech was age-
            appropriate and encouraging for the kids. You definitely made an impression on them - and
            many of the parents - attending that night!




            Thank you for delivering a very inspirational message to my daughter (also named Sarah)and
            letting her know there are plenty of strong women out there achieving their dreams, and
            serving as a positive role model for the young women of Alaska.



            kdunn@alaskatia.org




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016586
