Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 4


                Unknown

                 From :      Ivy Frye [ivyfrye@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, April 29, 2008 9:00 AM
                 To:        gov.palin@yahoo.com; Todd; K Perry Yahoo; Frank Bailey; Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow;
                            Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: budget
                Rosanne/Sharon,

                Below is a great editorial from the Newsminer. FBX has a reason to be ticked--the budget
                Stedman crafted is unfair and disproportionate. Under Stedman's plan, FBX residents receive
                $1,640 per capita where KTN residents receive $4,329. The population difference is 82,000 vs
                14,000. I'm bringing you now my spreadsheets from Sen Wilken. After we've fairly evaluated
                the capital budget, the Newsminer will hopefully commend Gov Palin.



                Palin should use vetoes to fix capital budget and prevent
                `Christmas in spring'
                By Dermot Cole
                Published Sunday, April 27, 2008

                       · Print Story
                       · E-mail story
                       · Comments




                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016618
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 4




                              PRWeb.com
                             Ads by Goosle



               From our friends at the Ketchikan Daily News comes a powerful reason why Gov. Sarah Palin should
               save the state hundreds of millions of dollars and veto projects in the excessive capital budget.
               "It's like Christmas in spring," the Ketchikan newspaper said of the legislative largesse.
               "The state Legislature approved $69 million in capital projects for Ketchikan, Saxman, Hollis, Coffman
               Cove and Thorne Bay, plus $12 million for Craig, Klawock and other Prince of Wales Island
               communities and $16 million for Metlakatla."
               "And what do we say: Thank you very much."
               "This isn't what we expected," the newspaper said. "It's beyond our dreams. Although not beyond our
               wildest dreams."
               It's beyond my wildest dreams that Palin would allow this to stand.
               What Ketchikan didn't dream of until its legislators got hold of the capital budget is that they would get
               nearly $100 million for towns with a combined population in the 14,000 range.
               But hold off on the Ho-Ho-Hos.
               The last thing the state needs is Christmas in spring.
               The capital budget is way out of balance, with Fairbanks getting one-fourth or one-fifth of the amount
               per capita bestowed upon Southeast communities and the Bethel region because the co-chairmen of the



                10/22/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0016619
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4


               Senate Finance Committee - Republican Bert Stedman and Democrat Lyman Hoffman - were among
               the legislators who played Santa Claus.
               The Legislators Gone Wild, both Democrats and Republicans, failed to produce a reasonable capital
               budget.
               And Fairbanks was singled out for punishment because we had just one member in the coalition that
               controlled the Senate - Joe Thomas - and two-fifths of the Senate minority - Gary Wilken and Gene
               Therriault.
               In this session, Fairbanks didn't even have a place at the trough, such was the domination by free-
               spending lawmakers from elsewhere in Alaska.
               With judicious vetoes, the governor can restore some regional balance.

               gov.palin@yahoo.com wrote:

                 We do need Comm to messahe that so Alaskans know we're still on it... Despite leggies giving
                 me NOTHING on Friday when they were supposed to, then nothing again on Monday. We're
                 going to be so behind, as they'd like to see, to convolute AGIA.

                 I can talk to Karen today as she'll be in Anchorage and I'll be in for the Dr Greene mtg and
                 Energy talks.

                 We can't let this be a cluster. We all need copies of budget(s) so at least internally we can start
                 scouring it. We'll find out Thursday if Cabinet has does any work on it, as I assume COS has
                 been "on it" with instructing them to do so.

                 Kris- would you get cookies or something for Cab mtg. Gotta get them in a good mood. Pls get a
                 special one for Joe S. We'll use him as our "he's doing it right" Commissioner and I'll ask him to
                 share what he's going through w the union, his budget, his critics, etc... but how it's all good for
                 the State, ultimately.
                 -----Original Message-----
                 From: Ivy Frye

                Date: Tue, 29 Apr 2008 08:54:29
                To: Sarah Palin , Todd Palin , Kris Perry , Frank Bailey
                Subject: budget


                Have you guys heard back on when the back-up information will be provided?. Thought I would
                touch base with Karen today to see what she's hearing from legislators and when we can expect
                to see the back-up for capital projects. Also, have commissioners gotten back to Mike regarding
                the operating budget? I have the origial proposed governor's budget compared to the actual
                operating budget that passed so that you guys can easily see the add ins.

                Was thinking the comm office could start crafting a message now to get out to the public that
                Gov Palin and her administration remain fiscal conservative budget hawks that will thoroughly
                evaluate both budgets to ensure we are restraining the growth of govt (on the operating side) and
                fairly appropriating capital funds to every disrict ( capital side). As we've seen Stedman
                proportions were not fair and we will remedy this for the good of ALL Alaskans in every corner
                of the state.

                I don't know how much stock to put in it, but Chris Clark confirmed what we were thinking over
                the weekend--that leadership will pass the bills close to special session so that the 20 days falls


               10/22/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0016620
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 4


                 during special session . I didn't respond to his email -- he could have just been throwing a lure in
                 the water to see if I 'd bite. Thought I' d share for the good of the group though, incase Harris and
                 Lyda follow through with this.


                 Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.



               Be a better friend, newshound, and know-it-all with Yahoo! Mobile. Try it now.




               10/22/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0016621
