Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, April 29, 2008 9:48 AM
              To:                     'jimfassler@ acsalaska.net
              Subject :               RE: Transportation


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

              Sent: Monday, April 28, 2008 6:26 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Transportation




              Web mail from: Mr. Jim Fassler

              address: 36815 Cheechako News Drive Soldotna AK 99669

               907-398-8384




              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin



              I recently heard a presentation by Gary Olson of the Alaska Moose Federation. I believe
              Mr. Olson is on the right path to making our highways safer for both humans and moose.

              I suspect that as a resident of Wasilla, you have personal knowlege of "moose vs.
              vehicle" incidents and urge you to relate this knowlege to the directors in Juneau that
              don't have to deal with moose there.

              There have been too many lives effected by conflict between moose and humans and Mr.
              Olson's organization has a way to help reduce such conflicts.

              I urge you to seek out Mr. Olson for more information and SUPPORT his efforts.

              Following is a web site to do some research :            www.growmoremoose.org

              Let me know what you think



             Thanks

             Jim Fassler
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016600
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             36815 Cheechako News Dr

             Soldotna ,   AK 99669

             398-8384




             jimfassler@acsalaska.net




                                                         2
