Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, April 29, 2008 11:21 AM
           To:                      'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 RE: budget


            She told me that Legislative Finance said they were going to try to get us everything by
            last Friday, but they were under no obligation to do so -- that they were working hard to
            get it and they should have it to us very soon. Karen explained that there is no process,
            no obligation, no deadline - no nothing. And she said the legislature doesn't HAVE to give
            us anything -- they can sit on bills. So they would be within their rights to send us the
            budget at the same time as the special session. She also said that she and Mike T.(and
            others?) knew this might happen and tried to talk you out of a June special session. She
            also said if you veto people's projects without sending out a letter saying we'll be in
            touch you'll be accused of the same lack of communication they accused you of in the past.
            She thought it would hurt AGIA if you go that direction. That was the gist of the
            conversation. Mike T. was present for the last bit of Karen's and my conversation. (Mike
            T. has been gone most of the morning hanging out with Balash downstairs.)



            Rosanne Hughes

            Press Secretary and Communications Director

            (907) 269-7450




           -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 11:13 AM

           To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Re: budget



           Pls ask her. Tho it' s unacceptable that Russ doesn 't answer it.

           -----Original Message-----

           From: " Hughes , Rosanne D ( GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue ,   29 Apr 2008 10:11:37

           To:gov.palin@yahoo.com

           Subject: RE: budget




                                                             i




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0016631
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I just called Russ and he said to ask Karen your question below -- that

           she handles that. I will follow up with Karen.



           NOTE: FYI, he told me that all of them - Russ, Karen, Mike T. -- were

           perplexed with your questioning of them late Friday night via email. He

           said there are things we have no.control over -- like when we get the

           budget. They can give it to us at the same time as the special session

           and we can't do anything about it.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 9:21 AM

           To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Ivy personal;

           Todd; K Perry Yahoo; Frank Bailey

           Subject: Re: budget



           First we have to make sure COS and Russ asked, gave definitive timeline,

           was refused by which lawmakers, etc. We need backup paper trail for all

           that be we know lyda and harris will claim we didn't "communicate" any

           of this to them.




                                                          2
