Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1




                Unknown

                From:      Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWN]
                Sent:      Tuesday, April 29, 2008 5:34 PM
                To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                Subject: FW: Wisdom from founding forefather

              Governor,

              I sent several emails today and don't want to consume your email time but thought you would really like this.
              Again God bless you and your family! Tom


              From : Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
              Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 3:03 PM
              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)
              Subject: FW: Wisdom from founding forefather

              lust in case you ever feel you're groping in the darkness for the right answer, it should comfort you to know that
              you stand on the shoulders of the giants that precede you. Pay particular attention to the last two sentences,
              they seem timely (and timeless).

              Keep up the good work.

              Bob Bartlett (Alaska's delegate in Congress) in his keynote address on the opening day of Alaska's
              constitutional convention.

              "Two very real dangers are present. The first, and most obvious, danger is that of
              exploitation under the thin disguise of development. The taking of Alaska's
              mineral resources without leaving some reasonable return for the support of
              Alaska governmental services and the use of all the people in Alaska will mean a
              betrayal in the administration of the people's wealth.
              The second danger is that outside interests , determined to stifle any development in Alaska which
              might
              compete with their activities elsewhere, will attempt to acquire great areas of
              Alaska's public lands in order NOT to develop them until such time as, in the
              omnipotence and pursuance of their own interests, they see fit. If large areas of
              Alaska's patrimony are turned over to such corporations, the people of Alaska
              may be even more the losers than if the lands had been exploited.-




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0016648
