Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From :    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                Sent:     Wednesday, April 30, 2008 2:45 PM
                To:       Igov.sarah@yahoo.com'; ExtemalEmailgsp
                Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Glen Biegel and Mr. Minery

              Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,
                   I just finished a meeting with Mr. Biegel and Mr. Minery of the Alaska Family Coalition on the home school and
              state funding issues. Mr. Tibbles, I let them know you were sorry you could not attend today as planned. Mr.
              Biegel and Mr. Minery are not happy with the Nordstrand memo and the Board of Education proposals which say
              that state certification of religious materials that meet secular content guidelines is not permitted. They believe
              the Dept. of Law is wrong. They believe they can generate a contrary legal opinion and are willing to get one at
              their own expense. I said that I would be happy to review another opinion and compare it internally with my staff
              for a reassessment. They said they could get it to me. They will be seeking a national attorney that works for the
              Family Coalition. I said I could promise no changes in our policy but that I would be happy to compare and
              consider whether changes were appropriate after I had seen a contrary opinion.
                  The meeting was friendly enough, however, Biegel and Minery both made a point of stating that they were
              from groups representing thousands of voters who are keenly focused on this issue.
                    I said I had to do my best to maintain the integrity of the department as an institution that tries to follow the
              law consistently and not because it is popular and they seemed to respect that concept However, they clearly do
              want a change. I will take any new opinion and form a committee of staff to revisit the issue and then advise you
              if we are going to alter our position.
                  Talis




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016655
