Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30,2008 10:43 AM
           To:                      gov.sarah©yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E
                                    (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Goode; Kelly C (LAA); Kelly;
                                    Russell T (GOV); Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Hughes ; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Subject:                 Letter Received Today, Wed., 04.30.08 - Speaker Harris


           Governor - We just were delivered the following letter from Speaker Harris. We have put
           the letter into the body of the email with the signed letter attached.



           April 30, 2008



           Dear Governor Palin:



           Thank you for your letter of April 18 inviting the Legislature to attend three days of
           presentations by members of your gas pipeline team on May 28-30 in Anchorage. We truly
           appreciate your interest in getting substantial information and data in the hands of
           legislators in advance of any decision we will be called upon to make in regard to AGIA.



           As you know, the series of presentations you have scheduled wraps up a mere three days
           before we are called to convene in Juneau in special session on this same subject. In
           light of this short timeframe, I have determined that it would not be prudent to pay
           travel and per diem for House members to come from outside Anchorage to attend the
           presentations.   I believe it would be a more appropriate use of state resources to simply
           have the members attend the presentations once they begin in Juneau after we convene on
           June 3.   So I am requesting that you have your AGIA group make the same presentation to
           the House during the first four days of the special session when all the members will be
           in Juneau.   If members living in the Anchorage or Mat-Su area want to take the Anchorage
           presentations, I would certainly encourage them to do so.



           I am looking forward to working with you and your gas pipeline team as we move forward on
           the AGIA process. It is imperative that we do all we can to support any and all proposals
           that can realistically lead to the construction of a viable gas pipeline to commercialize
           our North Slope natural gas resources - Alaska's economy depends on it.



           Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this policy decision, or if I can
           do anything else to help you prepare for a successful special session.



           Sincerely,



           Rep. John Harris

           Speaker of the House

                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0016654
