Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I




                Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, April 30, 2008 3:39 PM
                 To:       Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Design & Construction of Water and Sewer Facilities-$1,556,706-and Old Village Master Plan
                          &Explor




               From: Ferdinand Sharp [mailto:kmo city@hotmail.com]
               Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:28 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen 3 (GOV); Edward Nick
               Subject: Design & Construction of Water and Sewer Facilities-$1,556,706--and Old Village Master Plan &Explor

               Honorable Sarah Palin,

               Thanks for your leadership and a successful legislative sessions. We're grateful our legislatures successfully
               appropriated some capital projects budget and we're even more grateful Manokotak was included.

               Our community has been growing and along with our need for better water and sewer service of thirty years.
               Community residents have been very supportive of our Water and Sewer Service by faithfully making their
               monthly utility payments on top of their high energy bills (Fuel and electricity). Manokotak is a subsistance and
               a commercial fishing community so some are able to pay off all or some of it after fishing. Some from Native arts
               and craft sales who aren't employed and some depend on an assistance from the State, too, and I'd like to thank
               you on behalf of my community.

               Manokotak City Water and Sewer has served the "old Village" for thirty years and the new Manokotak Heights 6
               miles away since the 80's.

               The sewage lagoon in the new housing needs to be enlarged due to the housing growth and the "old village" well
               water-level is getting worse by each year Might be due to climate change. The water and sewer lines are thirty
               years old in the "old village" and need to be replaced.

               When I received a "good news " letter in the mail of capital project for our city there was a sewage back flow in
               the same house as last year but didn't include our new health clinic as it did. A water service box was squirting
               when it warmed up from another house. Thirty year old system we sure need to upgrade it. Comments like, "
               when I tried to unscrew a copper tubing fixture under the sink it fell into pieces, it was all corroded."

               One house burned due to a corrosive heat tape, lucky no one got burned.

               Its better to give you facts of what we are experiencing and we do need your support.

               On behalf of our community,

               Mayor Sharp




               Express yourself wherever you are. Mobilize!



               8/27/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0016650
