Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 3:16 PM
             To:                      Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
             Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Glen Biegel and Mr. Minery


             T- fair approach. I do hope they'll be as fair and objective when they get another atty's
             opinion. What's the fix they're after tho? A law change?

             Sent from my BlackBerrya device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2008 14:45:08

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

             Subject: Glen Biegel and Mr. Minery




             Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,

                   I just finished a meeting with Mr. Siegel and Mr. Minery of the Alaska Family
             Coalition on the home school and state funding issues . Mr. Tibbles, I let them know you
             were sorry you could not attend today as planned. Mr. Biegel and Mr. Minery are not happy
             with the Nordstrand memo and the Board of Education proposals which say that state
             certification of religious materials that meet secular content guidelines is not
             permitted.  They believe the Dept. of Law is wrong. They believe they can generate a
             contrary legal opinion and are willing to get one at their own expense. I said that I
             would be happy to review another opinion and compare it internally with my staff for a
             reassessment . They said they could get it to me. They will be seeking a national
             attorney that works for the Family Coalition. I said I could promise no changes in our
             policy but that I would be happy to compare and consider whether changes were appropriate
             after I had seen a contrary opinion.

                   The meeting was friendly enough, however, Biegel and Minery both made a point of
             stating that they were from groups representing thousands of voters who are keenly focused
             on this issue.

                   I said I had to do my best to maintain the integrity of the department as an
            institution that tries to follow the law consistently and not because it is popular and
            they seemed to respect that concept. However, they clearly do want a change. I will take
            any new opinion and form a committee of staff to revisit the issue and then advise you if
            we are going to alter our position.

                   Talis




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016672
