Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

              From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.govj
              Sent:                   Wednesday, April 30, 2008 1:26 PM
              To:                     Katz; John W (GOV); Gibert; Sally (DNR); Cunning; Tina (DFG)
              Cc:                     Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bishop; Samuel T
                                      (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Firearms/National Parks and Refuges


              I support. So let me know what I can do to voice that and we 'll go forth. Thanks



                       Original message -----

              From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

              To: Gibert, Sally (DNR); Cunning, Tina (DFG)

              Cc: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Tibbles , Michael A (GOV); Bishop,
              Samuel T (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Wed Apr 30 13:18:13 2008

              Subject: Firearms/National Parks and Refuges



             As you will note, Secretary Kempthorne is proposing a regulation that would allow visitors
             to national parks and wildlife refuges to carry firearms if state law permits this.



             This proposal will be controversial, but it also enjoys strong support, including from
             many members of Congress. I would guess that the State would want to be on record in
             support.  Accordingly, you may want to initiate your internal agency process in order to
             develop comments on the proposed rule.



             We would be glad to help further if you desire.




             INTERIOR: Proposed gun rule would align federal parks with state laws (04/30/2008)



             Eric Bontrager,    E&ENews PM reporter




             Visitors to national parks and national wildlife refuges would be allowed to carry guns if
             doing so is permitted in the states those lands are in, according to a proposed rule
             opened for public comment earlier today.



             The proposed rule would allow visitors to possess , carry and transport concealed, loaded
             and operable firearms in these federal lands, but only in the same manner allowed to
                                                          1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0016681
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             visitors of state parks or state wildlife management areas.



             The Interior Department said the proposed rule change is intended to clear up conflicting
             regulations between states and the federal government that may make it difficult to
             regulate firearms in these protected lands . In 61 park units that allow hunting , firearms
             are governed by state laws.



             "The safety and protection of park and refuge visitors remains a top priority for the
             Department of the Interior ," Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said in a statement. "The
             proposed regulations will incorporate current state laws authorizing the possession of
             concealed firearms , while continuing to maintain important provisions to ensure visitor
             safety and resource protection."




             Kempthorne ordered the department to review its regulations in February after 51 senators
             sent a pair of letters to the secretary claiming the policies were confusing and could
             conflict with the Second Amendment rights of gun owners.



             Interior ' s gun rules were established in the 1930s to bar poaching . They were amended in
             1983 to allow unloaded firearms to be carried in parks and refuges.



             Several park, conservation and law enforcement groups have come out against revisiting the
             rules, calling it the result of a National Rifle Association - backed campaign to water down
             such regulations.



             "This is purely and simply a politically driven effort to solve a problem that doesn't
             exist," said Bill Wade , chairman of the Coalition of National Park Service Retirees.
             "There are no existing data that suggest any public interest to be gained by allowing
             visitors to parks to possess concealed handguns."



             Those groups said the proposed rule would only add to confusion because many national
             parks and wildlife refuges span multiple states that may have different firearm laws for
             state-protected lands.



             The public comment period on the proposed rule change ends June 30.



             Click here <http ://www.regulations . gov/fdmspublic / component / main?main = DocumentDetail&o=
             090000648053d497 >  to view the proposed rule changes.




             John W. Katz

             Director of State/ Federal Relations
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0016682
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             and Special Counsel to the Governor

             jwkatz®alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz®alaskadc.org>

              (202)624-5858




                                                            3
