Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 1:10 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 9:01 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Mr. Jim Marcus

             address: 7383 Carpenter Road Flushing MI 48433

              810-659-2214




             MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin;




            I just read on Baptist Press that you and your husband had new son born to you recently,
            Trig Paxson Van Palin. Congratulations! I want to commend you for choosing,to give life
            to Trig, when so many have aborted after being presented with the information you were
            given. I have met several Down Syndrome kids, and they are always such a blessing to me.
            They seem to always have a smile, and actually seem to have a better outlook on life than
            most "normal" people do. I pray God blesses you greatly, not just for the choice you made
            to allow Trig to enjoy life, but because of the statement you made to residents of Alaska,
            of America, and of the world. All life is precious, and you have now a fifth source of
            blessing (six, with your husband)in your family. I'm sure that Trig will give you many
            blessing, and bring many smiles to your face in the years to come.



            In Christian love,

            Jim Marcus




            jimarcus@sbcglobal.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016684
