Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:49 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Health-Care




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us)

              Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 10:14 PM

              To:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Health-Care




             Web mail from: Ms. Arlaine Bryant

             address: P. 0. Box 50967 Mesa AZ 85208

               4802755693




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor:

             It was hard to pick a topic from your drop down menu, but here goes.

             My husband and I are so impressed with the way that you have described your precious new
             son, Trig, as a "blessing" that we want you to know about Michelle DesRouchers and her
             mother, Barbara, who refers to her Downs Syndrome daughter as a "gift".

             After a very difficult first few years of life, Barbara discovered glyconutritional
             products that literaly transformed

             Michelle's life. Michelle took these products for about 12 years and just graduated from
             high school taking regular classes with all "A's".

             We would be happy to send you the book about their experience, if you would indicate the
             best address to use, and to put you directly in touch with Barbara, who has talked with
             many families about her experience, if this would be helpful for you and your family as
             you begin this challenging journey together.

             Feel free to contact me by phone, letter, or email.

             Sincerely yours,

             Arlaine M. Bryant, M.S,, M.Ed.

             Nutritional Consultant




             ArlainesAngels@cox.net

                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016696
