Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:42 AM
              To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject :                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 8:06 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Ms. Sherry Morris

              address: 2133 W. Greensboro Chapel Hill Rd. Snow Camp NC 27349




             MESSAGE:

             Dearest Governor Palin,

             I read with great joy the birth of Trig through our fellowship of crisis pregnancy sister
             centers email link here in N.C. I wanted to say how blessed Alaska surely is, having
             someone so committed to stand behind what they believe in. Take lots. of pictures because
             he will be grown before you know it and babies do the sweetest things when you least
             expect it.  I will pray for you and your sweet family. Beauty is not in the eyes of the
             beholder as much as perfection is in the eyes of our Creator, and Trig is both beautiful
             and perfect to his Creator, not to mention his family. We are all so blessed as moms just
             to have the awesome privilege to carry them close to our hearts for 9 months ...o.k. for a
             lifetime!  Oh how I wish this great state of N.C. had a pro-life governor like you! By
             the way, God allowed me to open a pregnancy resource and teen counseling ministry in 2008
             after being in pregnancy center ministries for eight years. Might I say that our teens
             need more positive role

             models like you. What a joy to share stories of our beautiful babies who have arrived
             under adverse circumstances. Our young clients need to know the truth about life that is
             truly life!  The story of your little one's birth has made my day, my week!

             Blessings to you from our awesome God and Creator,

             Sherry Morris

             Exec. Director

             A Heart's Cry

             Psalm 109:22




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016700
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              lbmsherry@bellsouth.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0016701
