Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:48 AM
              To:                     'ksaxton@alaska. net'
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion,, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 10:08 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Kalen Saxton

              address: 5023 Marlowe Ave #B Anchorage AK 99508




             MESSAGE:




             Governor Sarah Palin

             Office of the Governor

             P.O. Box 110001

             Juneau, AK 99811-0001




             Dear Governor Palin,




             Dear Gov. Sarah Palin




             I'm writing to thank you for your efforts to increase funding

             for pre-kindergarten education this year. As you learned at the
                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0016698
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Governor's Summit, providing high-quality pre-k benefits to our

              children will increase their chances of future success.

              Supporting state-funded pre-k - even more - is a commitment to

              our children and an investment in our economic prosperity, and

              we cannot afford to pass up these opportunities.



              Thank you again for your leadership on this important issue. I

              hope I can continue to count on your support for pre-k in the

              future. Our children's future demands nothing less.



              Sincerely,



              Kalen Saxton




              Thank you,

              Kalen Saxton

              5023 Marlowe Ave #B

              Anchorage ,   AK 99508




              ksaxton@alaska.net




                                                           2
