Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:53 AM
             To:                      'aimee@sublogik.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 12:37 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Mrs. Aimee Sulczynski

             address: 1580 Lincoln Dr. Homer AK 99603




             MESSAGE:




             Governor Sarah Palin

             Office of the Governor

             P.O. Box 110001

             Juneau, AK 99811-0001




             Dear Governor Palin,




             I'm writing to thank you for your efforts to increase funding

             for pre-kindergarten education this year. As you clearly know,

            providing high-quality pre-k benefits our children and increases

            their chances of future success. Supporting state-funded pre-k -
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016692
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              even in lean budget times - is a commitment to our children and

              an investment in our economic prosperity ,   and we cannot afford

              to pass up these opportunities.




              Thank you again for your leadership on this important issue. I

              hope I can continue to count on your support for pre-k in the

              future. Our children ' s future demands nothing less.



              Sincerely,




              Thank you,

              Aimee Sulczynski

              1580 Lincoln Dr.

              Homer, AK 99603




              aimee@sublogik.com




                                                             2
