Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:55 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 6:20 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Mr. Don Cherry

              address: 90 Douty Dr. Hedgesville WV 25427

               (304) 229-3936




              MESSAGE:

              Gov. Palin - Recently I read an article concerning the birth of a downs baby into your
              family.  The article was in reference to you and your husbands stand in the sanctity of
              life and your seeing this child as truly a gift from God. I would like to commend you on
              your stand and say how refreshing to see such a stand come from a public official. I pray
              that one day we will see the barbaric institution of abortion reversed in this country.
              When high profile officials such as yourself, take both an intelligent and passionate
              stand for life, it indeed gives me hope that abortion will one day be reversed. If you
              are ever in and around the state of WV, I offer an open invitation to visit our church and
              share your testimony on life.



              Respectfully,



              Don Cherry

              Sr. Pastor




              pastor@breezelink.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016690
