Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.sarah @yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 8:15 AM
            To:                      Gibson; Kurtis K ( DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
            Cc:                      Rutherford; Marty K ( DNR); Hughes ; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                 Harris $ travel


            Great quotes in Quinn's AP story this morning on AGIA review reimbursement for leggies.
            Thank you guys! It's really almost comical that leg leadership would take this angle...
            Alaskans are aware of some of the junkets taken by leggies on the public dime... this
            tactic makes no sense and you guys summed it up perfectly with your contributions to
            Quinn's story. Thank you.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0016731
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                PW Exp Warning                                                                                       Page I of I


                Unknown

                From :     ETS Help Center [help_center@admin.state.ak.us]
                Sent:      Wednesday, April 30, 2008 7:08 AM
                To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject : Password expiration warning
               The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Thursday May 8th , 2:34 PM.
               In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
               password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
               Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
               characters:

                      · upper case alphabet
                      · lower case alphabet
                      · numbers
                      · punctuation or symbols

               Prior passwords may not be re-used.

               Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
               and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
               applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
               may need to be updated or deleted.

               Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
               assistance related to changing passwords.




               10/22/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0016732
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



                  Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Wednesday, April 30, 2008 3:29 PM
                  To:      ashriver@state.pa.us; joan.bagaiio@state.vt.us
                  Subject: letter from Governor Sarah Palin

                Attached you will find a letter for Governor Edward Rendell and Governor Jim Douglas. I appreciate your
                assistance in getting this letter to them.




                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0016733
