Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 01, 2008 2:19 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Health-Care *




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 01, 2008 8:00 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Health-Care




            Web mail from: Mr. Daniel Malott

            address: 809 Cottonwood Street Grand Forks ND 58201 763-229-5820



            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin:




            I wanted to say congratulations on the birth of your child. What a wonderful gift! My
            wife and I just had our first this past Christmas Eve - a healthy baby girl we named
            Eliabeth.



            I wanted to personally thank you for speaking out about the gift of a child, even with
            what some parts of our culture consider a disability. I personally think these gifts are
            that - gifts from God that challenge us to become our true, loving, giving selves. I feel
            blessed that our Elizabeth was healthy, but I would have felt just as blessed if she had
            been diagnosed with any condition - as its God's gift and plan.



            Again, I congratulate you and wish you the best. And from the bottom of my heart, thank
            you for being a leader in our government and speaking out on the wonderful gift that every
            human life represents.



            Dan Malott



            dmal4und@hotmail.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              P RA_GSP01 _0016742
