Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 01, 2008 2:02 PM
            To:                      'gundermanl@hotmail.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 01, 2008 12:00 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from.: Mr. Luke Gunderman

            address: PO Box 140031 Salcha AK 99714




            MESSAGE:

            I just received an email with this matter addressed, "Can you write an e-mail to Gov.
            Palin and cc Karen Rehfeld, director of the Office of Management and Budget in support of
            CHEI? The bill before the governor is to provide $50,000 toward CHEI's project."



            Personally, I think what the governor is doing regarding projects like this is fantastic.
            Make everyone find their own funding sources. The state should not be paying for things
            like this.



            Please hold fast to everyone who has their hand out looking for "free" tax money for their
            projects.



            Thank you.



            gundermanl@hotmail.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016746
