Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 01, 2008 2:19 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 01, 2008 7:45 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Chris Bossert

            address: 244 Brentwood Drive North Tonawanda NY 14120

             716-957-3007



            MESSAGE:

            Good morning, Governor Palin,



            I wanted to tell you that we admire your comments regarding your new child who was born
            with down syndrome. I heard about it on the Glenn Beck TV show. We don't hear a lot
            about Alaska in the Buffalo, NY area, so I wanted to pass my congratulations and well as
            our admiration and inspiration.



            I have attached below the letter to which I wrote to Glenn, as he has                  a special needs
            child also.  My wife is trying to write/compile a book that will be a                  collection of
            inspirational stories from parents of special needs children (we have                  an autistic 5 year
            old).  I was wondering if you would might be able to find the time to                  write a passage for
            us for the book for possible later publication?



            Thank you for your time and I hope to hear from you soon.



            Thank you,

            Chris Bossert



           Letter to Glenn Beck:


                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016739
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Hi Glenn,




            I unfortunately am unable to listen to your radio program, both because I am at work and
            because Buffalo does not broadcast your show ( too liberal here ). But I do watch your
            television show almost every night.




            I was unaware until the other night that you also have a special needs child - in your
            case, cerebral palsy. I do not wish to lay pity, but rather to let you know, as an avid
            fan, that I too have a special needs child who has autism . Our son's name is Aiden, and
            he is 5 years old. My wife Kelly and I struggle everyday.




            One of the major reasons why I like you and your show ( besides being a conservative) is
            that you are upfront , honest and genuine.   You have been very open about your struggles
            with alcoholism , your family , your beliefs and your views. That is what I value in
            people.




            I am 33 years old, live in Buffalo and I am a production planner /buyer at a manufacturing
            firm.  We live a decent middle class living where we own our home - but you hit on the
            head every night - gas and food prices are killing us!




           We just recently were able to be the second family in the Buffalo area to have street
           signs put up in our neighborhood to slow down due to "child with autism area" While that
           is not the end all , it is an extra measure to help protect Aiden. I am taking it a step
           further by working with my NYS senator to introduce statewide legislation to allow all
           families of special needs children ( autistic , physical or mentally handicapped, deaf,
           blind , etc.) the ability to ask for special street signs in a streamlined , easy fashion
           through either a website or phone number .    I hope to see it soon ( a TV story was done at
           WGRZ.com , and a Buffalo News article also ).   I hope that you could support our efforts,
           being a parent of a special needs child also. As a side note , one of my neighbors does
           NOT support it because she fears that people will think her children have autism, if you
           could believe it...it made blood shoot out of MY eyes!)




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0016740
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I am also contacting you because my wife is starting to write/compile a book of
            inspirational stories from parents of special needs children. I was wondering if you
            might be able to find time to write a passage for the book, that we hope to have published
            down the road. It could be used as a resource for other parents, as well as a tool when a
            special needs parent (s) might be going through a tough time. I am going to contact the
            governor of Alaska also, who has given us inspiration because of her comments about her
            new baby that was born with down syndrome.




            Life, at times, can definitely be harder with a special needs child. Being positive and
            having fun is the key to "forgetting" about the disabilities, as you probably already
            know.  I appreciate your time and I hope that you could write me back at
            thebosserts@gmail.com.




            Thank you,



            Chris Bossert




            thebosserts@gmail.com




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016741
