   Unknown

   From :    frank bailey [ftb907@yahoo.com]
   Sent:     Monday, June 30, 2008 10:38 AM
   To:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); ExternalEmailgsp; krisandclark@yahoo.com;
             ivy.frye@yahoo.com; Todd Palin
   Subject: Governor's proposal best one -- so far I Peninsula Clarion
  (Energy Rebates)

    From: Bill Arnold <teedah@gci.net>
    Subject` Governor's proposal best one -- so far I Peninsula Clarion
    To: "frank bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>
    Date: Monday, June 30, 2008, 10:27 AM

    http:// www.peninsulaclarion . com/stories / 062908 / ope_255527121.shtml
    If somebody 's got a better idea, let's hear it now.

    Since Gov. Sarah Paln announced an amended energy relief plan last week, one that
    includes a $1,200 check for nearly everyone living in Alaska, there's been a lot of
    complaining about entitlements and government handouts.

    It may be a valid concern, but we have a major concern of our own: While the state is
    flush with cash from record high oil prices, no one else in Juneau has come up with a
    plan to make those dollars work for the people of Alaska.

   We are paying some of the highest prices in the country for gasoline, with no relief in
   sight. We are facing rising costs to heat our homes, keep the lights on and keep our
   families clothed and fed.

   Without a comprehensive state-wide energy plan in place, we have been left to make
   decisions about our energy consumption on a household by household basis. Until there's
   a long-term energy plan in place, we're better off deciding for ourselves how best to use
   the money generated from our public resources. After the capital spending budget they
   approved this year, members of the Legislature would have trouble arguing that point.

   Certainly, some of us would spend our payout on a trip to Hawaii or a big-screen TV.
   But for the vast majority of Alaska households, that money would be spent just catching
   up.

   Many of us will use it to purchase energy-saving items -- compact fluorescent light
   bulbs, new weatherstripping, a more efficient furnace, maybe even solar panels a more
   fuel-efficient vehicle.

   Will we be better off a year from now, when the one-time payment has been spent and
   energy costs are still soaring?

   If we've made smart choices with that money, many of us will be. We'll have been able
   to stabilize our household budget, and we'll have found ways to use less energy. Those
   $1,200 checks will have helped us accomplish those things.

   It's by no means a perfect solution, but if Palin's proposed energy relief program allows
   each of us to make some changes in the way we live, then it's certainly the best idea
   we've heard so far.




                                                                                                ROSTON 02677
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
