Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govl
            Sent:                   Thursday, May 01, 2008 10:10 AM
            To:                     john_n_lisa@hotmail.com'
            Subject:                RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 8:47 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget




            Web mail from: Mr. John Bulkow

            address: 8605 Sahalee Dr. Anchorage AK 99507

             (907)337-4801



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,




            I believe you are currently looking at what might be pared from the budget bill before
            you. I would like to say a word in favor of a small item that will make a big difference
            for the children that attend Trailside Elementary and Service High School in Anchorage.



           These schools are adjacent to park land, and moose are frequent visitors on the pathways
           between these schools and the Sahalee and Zodiac Manor subdivisions. The Sahalee
           Homeowners Association has tried many ways to provide safety lighting to reduce the number
           of times children have moose encounters on the way to school. We have tried battery
           powered spot lights, spot lights on the nearest houses, and even strings of Christmas
           lights. None of these measures have been effective. The Sahalee Homeowners Association has
           worked with the Anchorage School District and the Municipality of Anchorage on a plan to
           extend the couple of safety lights at the Trailside Elementary end of the trails along the
           whole length of the trails. Our only remaining roadblock is the funding for this plan.



            Representative Meyer has worked to have some money that was originally intended for some
            guardrails along Abbott Road reallocated for this trail safety lighting project. (Changes
            since the original guardrail allocation have mitigated the need for the guardrails.)
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0016756
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Please keep this funding intact.



           Congratulations on the birth of Trig. I know you understand how we all worry about our
           children, and you will help to keep them safe.



           John Bulkow

           Sahalee Homeowners Association President




           john_n_lisa@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0016757
