Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From :   Dawson, Kathy M (MVA) [kathy.dawson@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Thursday, May 01, 2008 11:00 AM
               To:       Bishop; Clark C (DOL); Butter, Jay (HSS-CDC); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Gerlach; Robert F (DEC);
                         Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Kattaryna Stiles; Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Lloyd;
                         Denby S (DFG); Mackin; James S (HSS); Madden; John W (MVA); Mayor Mark Begich; Monegan;
                         Walt C (DPS); Notti; Emil R (CED); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Schmidt; Joseph D
                         (DOC); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
               Cc:       Fisher; Kerre (HSS)
               Subject: Determined Accord - Letter of Invitation
               Attached is a letter of invitation to the Determined Accord Exercise. RSVP information is enclosed in the
               letter.
               Please contact me if you have any problem with the attachment.
               Thank you.

               Kathy Dawson
               Preparedness Coordinator
               Division of Homeland Security & Emergency Management
               907.428.7049

               "You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." Wayne Gretzky




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0016763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 6



               Unknown

               From :       Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govj
               Sent:        Thursday, May 01, 2008 10:15 AM
               To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : Apr. 30-May 6, 2008



               From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com)
               Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 11:04 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Apr. 30-May 6, 2008

                                         If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                     Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Apr. 30 -May 6, 2008


               HEADLINES...
               1. EPA Scientists Report Political Interference in Their Research
               2. Waste Management 1Q Profit up Slightly on Higher Pricing
               3. WM to Build Largest Landfill Gas-to -Liquefied Natural Gas
                   Facility
               4. Allied Waste Reports Record First Quarter
               5. Sen . Durbin Introduces Clean Cruise Ship Act
               6. Caskata and After NRG Develop Unique Ethanol from Waste
                   Facility
               7. Goodwill Urging Congress to Fix E-Waste
               8. Waste to Energy Firm Ze-gen Adds Key Manager
               9. Smurfit-Stone to Help Waste Services Boost Central FL
                   Recovery
               10. Clean Harbors Raises $173 .5M in Stock Offering
               11. WCA Waste First Quarter Earnings Off Despite Higher
                   Revenues
               12. EIA to Induct Mickey Flood into Hall of Fame
               13. American Ecology Reports Record First Quarter Revenue and
                   Income
               14. BFI Canada to Report First Quarter on May 13 and Host
                   Conference Call


                The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
               L Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



               Market Radius Reports
               Focus on Your Market...
               Market radius reports capture all waste




               10115/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GS P01 _0016764
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 6




                operations within a given market. They provide analysis of the major players
                by market share, and show historical trends of pricing, volume and capacity
                specific to that area. [ Learn More...]




                1.    EPA SCIENTISTS REPORT POLITICAL INTERFERENCE IN
                      THEIR RESEARCH
                      Hundreds of scientists working for the U.S. Environmental Protection
                      Agency claim to have experienced political interference with their work,
                      often with pressure to exclude information or to make modifications of
                      reports, according to a recent survey by the Union of Concerned
                      Scientists. Out of a total of 1,586 EPA staff scientists responding to an
                      online questionnaire, 889 said that they faced some type of political
                      interference over the past five years. The EPA scientists reported poor
                      morale at the agency and often pointed to senior EPA managers and the
                      White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) as the leading
                      culprits in the political manipulation of their work. An EPA spokesman
                      described the apparent discontent among agency scientists as a by-
                      product of their passion for their work, but UCS's Francesca Grifo said
                      that the survey results show "an agency in crisis" and "under siege from
                      political pressures." Representative Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) said in
                      aletter to EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson that the UCS survey
                       results were disturbing, and that he plans to Investigate its allegations in
                      an upcoming hearing of his Oversight and Government Reform
                      Committee... Read More u


                 2.   WASTE MANAGEMENT 1Q PROFIT UP SLIGHTLY ON HIGHER
                      PRICING
                      Waste Management Inc.'s first-quarter income edged up just over 1% as
                      an ongoing strategy to replace low profit margin business offset
                      decreased volumes and higher fuel costs. The company earned $241
                      million, or $0.48 per share, in the quarter ended March 31, compared
                      with $238 million, or $0.45 per share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 2.5%
                      to $3.27 billion. "We overcame several challenges during the first
                      quarter of 2008, including the impact of sharply rising diesel fuel prices,
                      a slow economy and harsh winter weather in the Midwest," CEO David P.
                      Steiner said.. . Read More »


                 3.   WM TO BUILD LARGEST LANDFILL GAS-TO- LIQUEFIED
                      NATURAL GAS FACILITY
                      Waste Management Inc. announced plans to develop the world's largest
                      landfill gas-to-liquefied natural gas facility which will ultimately fuel
                      company trucks in California. The project will help the company develop
                      a source of low-carbon fuel, which is expected to be in wide demand
                      when states such as California begin requiring drivers to cut their carbon
                      dioxide emissions. "This project has the potential to allow us to tap into
                      a valuable source of clean energy while greatly reducing our dependence
                      on fossil fuels," said Duane Woods, senior vice president at Waste
                      Management. Waste Management will invest about $15.5 million in the
                      plant which is expected to begin operations next year and will produce
                      up to 13,000 gallons of LNG per day...Read More '


                 4.   ALLIED WASTE REPORTS RECORD FIRST QUARTER
                      Allied Waste Industries reported a $72.6 million profit on $1.48 billion in
                      revenue for the first quarter. Earnings per share were 17 cents for the
                      first quarter, up from 8 cents for the first quarter of 2007. Higher
                      revenue for the period was driven by a 6.1% increase in price, partially
                      offset by a 4.1% decrease in volumes. "Allied Waste's strong operating




                 10/15/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0016765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 3 of 6


                     and financial results continued to benefit from long-term initiatives In
                     support of strategic pricing, operating efficiency and overall service
                     enhancements," said John Zillmer, Chairman and CEO. ..Read More »


                5.   SEN . DURBIN INTRODUCES CLEAN CRUISE SHIP ACT
                     Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) reintroduced legislation aimed at regulating
                     pollution from cruise ships operating within 12 miles of US coasts. The
                     Clean Cruise Ship Act raises current pollution control standards and
                     other safeguards to address the massive increase in scale of today's
                     ships. "In one week, a large cruise ship generates 500,000 gallons of
                     sewage, 37,000 gallons of oily bilge water and more than 1.7 million
                     gallons of 'gray water' ... There are more than 230 cruise ships operating
                     around the world, generating millions of gallons of wastewater daily."
                     Durbin said an average size cruise ship being built today can
                     accommodate 3,000 passengers, yet regulations governing the cruise
                     ship industry were primarily written in the 1970's when cruise ships of
                     this size did not exist... Read More D


                6.   CASKATA AND ALTER NRG DEVELOP UNIQUE ETHANOL FROM
                     WASTE FACILITY
                     Caskata Inc. is investing $25 million to develop a demonstration facility
                     that will produce 40,000 gallons of ethanol per year from biomass and
                     other waste products. It will be co-located with Alter NRG's plasma
                     gasification facility in Madison, PA. Alter NRG's plasma arc will superheat
                     raw materials resulting in the release of synthetic gas, or "syngas" that
                     will in turn be fed into a bioreactor with microorganisms to convert waste
                     products Into ethanol. Coskata's process will produce 100 gallons of
                     ethanol from a ton of feedstock, compared with 67 gallons produced
                     from the same amount of corn. The fuel will cost less than $1 a gallon to
                     produce. The plant is expected to be fully operational within a year and
                     should pave the way for construction of full-scale plants that can
                     produce anywhere from 40 million to 400 million gallons of ethanol
                     annually. GM is an investor in Caskata and will use the ethanol to test a
                     line of cars being developed to run on that fuel. ..Read More *


                7.   GOODWILL URGING CONGRESS TO FIX E-WASTE
                     Goodwill Industries testified before the House Science and Technology
                     Committee urging Congress to assist in the development of a recycling
                     and reuse infrastructure for unwanted electronics. With an increasing
                     amount of e-waste donations to local Goodwill agencies throughout the
                     country, company officials say they are feeling the financial strain
                     associated with the collection and environmentally safe disposal of e-
                     waste donations. According to the company, a survey of Goodwill
                     agencies found that 23 million pounds of e-waste, the equivalent of
                     roughly 821,000 computers, were donated to Goodwill alone in 2004.
                     According to Jim Gibbons, president & CEO, "As much as 30 percent of
                     electronics donated to Goodwill are unusable, and disposing of these
                     products in an environmentally responsible way diverts significant
                     resources from Goodwill's job training programs."..Read More))


                                ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL



                                                                                   I
                Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites                           ··i_
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is
                the only directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and.
                comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
                processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a
                powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
                to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                       P RA_GSP01 _0016766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 4 of 6



                 materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
                 stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
                 [Learn More...]


                8.    WASTE TO ENERGY FIRM ZE -GEN ADDS KEY MANAGER
                      Ze-gen, Inc., which converts waste into clean burning gas for energy,
                      has added to its management ranks with the hiring of George McMillan
                      as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. McMillan, who
                      joined the company as a Director in November 2004, was previously
                      President and CEO of The Palladium Group, a technology and strategy
                      consulting firm he helped found. Prior to that, he headed and
                      repositioned CMGI, a financially distressed internet company into a
                      billion dollar leader in supply-chain management. He comes highly
                      decorated with degrees from Harvard and Stanford... Read More»


                 9.   SMURFIT-STONE TO HELP WASTE SERVICES BOOST CENTRAL
                      FL RECOVERY
                      Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. is helping Waste Services Inc. to increase
                      the recovery of recyclables at their Taft MRF and transfer station near
                      Orlando, Fla., from 800 to about 3,200 tons per month. "By continuing
                      to find ways to extract additional fiber and other materials from the
                      waste stream, our recycling operations are becoming more valuable to
                      customers who require sustainable packaging and waste management
                      solutions," said Mike Oswald, senior vice president and general manager
                      of Smurfit-Stone's recycling division... Read More n


                 10. CLEAN HARBORS RAISES $ 173.5M IN STOCK OFFERING
                     Clean Harbors Inc. raised about $173.5 million in a stock offering at
                     $63.75 per share. The Norwell, Mass.-based environmental and
                     hazardous waste services company offered 2.5 million shares to the
                     public along with another 375,000 shares to underwriters. Proceeds from
                     the transaction will fuel future acquisitions, debt repayments and
                     working capital... Read More))


                 11. WCA WASTE FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS OFF DESPITE
                     HIGHER REVENUES
                     Houston -based WCA Waste Corp. posted a net loss of $2.4 million, or
                     $0.20 per share, despite a 20% increase in revenue to $48.8 million, for
                     the quarter ended March 31, 2008. That compared with net income of
                     $1.3 million, or $0.02 per share, on revenue of $40.6 million, in the
                     same period a year earlier. Analysts had expected the company to earn
                     $0.03 per share. Earnings were hurt by increased fuel, maintenance, and
                     integration costs primarily with Florida operations... Read More))


                 12. EIA TO INDUCT MICKEY FLOOD INTO HALL OF FAME
                     On May 6th the Environmental Industry Associations will honor Mickey
                     Flood, President and CEO of IESI with a lifetime achievement award and
                     membership in the Association's Hall of Fame. Flood began his career in
                     the waste industry at 15 . In 1976 he joined publicly-owned SCA Services
                     which was later acquired by Waste Management in 1984. Flood became
                     President of GSX Corporation North America which was acquired in 1986
                     by Laidlaw Waste Systems where he became President of Laidlaw's U.S.
                     operations. In 1989, Flood joined WMI as a Region Vice President and in
                     1992 he became one of the company's four group presidents in charge
                     of its solid waste business in North America. In 1995 when Waste
                     merged with USA Waste, Flood founded IESI. For Flood, "My greatest
                     accomplishment was putting the right people together to build IESI. We
                     had two trucks when we started and grew organically and through
                     acquisition to become one of the largest companies in our




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                      Page 5 of 6


                     industry.".. Read More »


                 13. AMERICAN ECOLOGY REPORTS RECORD FIRST QUARTER
                     REVENUE AND INCOME
                     American Ecology Corp. said first quarter net income rose 19% to $5.9
                     million, or $0.32 per share, from $4.9 million, or $0.27 per share, in the
                     same quarter last year. The company beat Wall Street estimates of
                     $0.28 per share. Operating income for the first quarter grew 20% to
                     $9.5 million, from $7.9 million in the same quarter previous year.
                     Similarly, quarterly revenues increased 19% to $46.2 million, from
                     $39.0 million in the year-ago quarter, also beating analysts' expectations
                     of $44.42 million. The company now expects fiscal 2008 earnings of
                     between $1.17 and $1.23 per share... Read More))


                 14. BFI CANADA TO REPORT FIRST QUARTER ON MAY 13 AND
                     HOST CONFERENCE CALL
                     BFI Canada Income Fund will host a conference call to discuss first
                     quarter financial results to be issued on Tuesday, May 13. The
                     conference call will be held the following day at 8:30 a.m. (EDT)... Read
                     More s


                 Waste Market Overview &             Bi    of tko1Ala^i  M s" IndaWy
                                                     Hit;kk^T -_A 011J.14-4
                 Outlook
                 The Waste Market Overview
                 examines the industry top to
                 bottom covering waste
                 generation, collection,
                 processing, recovery and
                 disposal by revenue and
                 volume. The report details the
                 relationship of past and future
                 pricing to capacity and demand
                 for disposal, and shows the
                 increasing role of the private
                 sector. Waste equipment and
                 the emerging importance of e-
                 waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                 · Market Revenues by Segment
                 · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                 · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                 · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                 · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                 · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                 · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                 · Waste Management Equipment
                 [Learn More...]




                  ABOUT US .
                  Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                  variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                  on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                  can help you.
                  CONTACT US
                  PO Box 40034
                  San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                  Tel 619.793.5190



                 10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0016768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                    Page 6 of 6


                  Fax 619.793.4713
                  Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                fUNSUBSCRIBE
                y This email was sent to office_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjourn al.com
                  Update Profile/ Email Address ) Instant removal with
                                                                                         I
                  SafeUnsubscribeTM I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0016769
