Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
             Sent:                    Thursday, May 01, 2008 6:22 AM
             To:                      Sarah Palin
             Subject:                 ASMI Success




             ASMI says efforts at European Seafood Show on Alaska sustainability big success with
             buyers



             SEAFOOD.COM NEWS [ ASMI] May 1, 2008 - Juneau - The Alaska Pavilion at the world's top
             seafood trade show was a magnet for

             seafood traders from all over the world. Interest in Alaska's wild seafood products was
             strong, and seafood traders in the Alaska

             Pavilion at the European Seafood Exposition (ESE) estimated $31 million on onsite sales
             and $125 million in projected sales for the

             ensuring year resulting from the show. The Alaska Pavilion is sponsored by the Alaska
             Seafood Marketing Institute (ASMI).




             As illegal overfishing in some parts of the globe is being scrutinized, and abundance of
             many wild stocks around the world has

             declined, Alaska's sustainably managed seafood species are becoming more widely
             appreciated. New materials developed by ASMI for

             the show included brochures in English, French and German on Alaska fisheries management
             and habitat conservation. Buyers were

             interested in Alaska's five species of wild salmon, shellfish including three species of
             crab, and whitefish varieties from black cod and

             Pacific cod to Alaska pollock and halibut. There was a surprisingly high level of
             excitement about salmon roe, as well.



             Alaska seafood companies participating in the Alaska Pavilion were: Trident Seafoods,
             Ocean Beauty Seafoods, Palomino Foods, EE

             Foods, Northern Keta Caviar, Pacific Seafoods, Peter Pan Seafoods, Intersea, and Icy
             Strait Seafoods. In addition, over a dozen other

             Alaska companies who did not have their own booths met clients at the ASMI booth, as did
             newcomers 10th & M Seafoods and

             Kwik'Pak, companies attending their first European Seafood Exposition.



             An ASMI harvester board member and a delegation of state senators from Alaska also
             participated, taking in the trade show,

             associated conference sessions, and meeting with U.S. Embassy officials. The officials of
             the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture's Foreign
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016773
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Agricultural Service which administers the federal program that funds the majority of
             ASMI's international marketing activities were

             appreciative of the interest shown by the Alaska lawmakers in the ESE, Alaska's most
             important seafood show. Alaska's legislature

             oversees appropriations for the state's seafood marketing effort, and the Alaska senators
             all play a pivotal role in that process.




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0016774
