Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 3


                Unknown

                 From :             John Katz (jwkatz iALASKADC.org]
                                                       a
                 Sent:             Thursday, May 01, 2008 4:20 AM
                To:                 Gibert; Sally (DNR); Cunning; Tina (DFG)
                 Cc:                Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bishop; Samuel T
                                    (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject:           RE: Firearms/National Parks and Refuges
                 Attachments : ATT1705248.gif

                 I would suggest that, in the absence of a negative vote from the Governor, you
                 set this letter up for her signature. She has a particular interest in these
                 issues.

                 Incidentally, the proposed regulations were mentioned on National Public
                 Radio this morning. One of the principal objections from opponents is that
                 many parks are located within more than one jurisdiction, thereby creating
                 conflict and confusion between differing approaches to firearms regulation. I
                 don't think that this is a problem in Alaska.



                 John W. Katz
                Director of State/Federal Relations
                and Special Counsel to the Governor
                Lwkatz(iblaskadc. org
                (202)624-5858


                 >>> On 4/30/2008 at 6:55 PM, in message
                 <D3E777781 F858B40937499BC868FAE3P019278FB@SOAANCMSGO2. soa.ala
                 "Gibert, Sally (DNR)" <sally.gibert@alaska. gov> wrote:

                       John, et. al.,

                       I would be happy to take the lead on preparing a draft state letter. Should I set it up for my signature
                       as the State ANILCA Coordinator, or would you advise the Governor's signature? Either way is fine
                       with me.

                       -Sally




                       From: John Katz [mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                       Sent: Wednesday, April 30, 2008 1:18 PM
                       To: Gibert, Sally (DNR); Cunning, Tina (DFG)
                       Cc: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Bishop, Samuel T
                       (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                       Subject: Firearms/National Parks and Refuges




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                  P RA_GSPO1 _0016770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                     Page 2 of 3



                   As you will note, Secretary Kempthorne is proposing a regulation that would
                   allow visitors to national parks and wildlife refuges to carry firearms if state law
                   permits this.

                   This proposal will be controversial, but it also enjoys strong support, including
                   from many members of Congress. I would guess that the State would want to be
                   on record in support. Accordingly, you may want to initiate your internal agency
                   process in order to develop comments on the proposed rule.

                   We would be glad to help further if you desire.

                   --------------
                   INTERIOR: Proposed gun rule would align federal parks with state laws
                   (04/30/2008)

                   Eric Bontrager, E&ENews PM reporter

                   Visitors to national parks and national wildlife refuges would be allowed to carry
                   guns if doing so is permitted in the states those lands are in, according to a
                   proposed rule opened for public comment earlier today.

                   The proposed rule would allow visitors to possess, carry and transport concealed,
                   loaded and operable firearms in these federal lands, but only in the same manner
                   allowed to visitors of state parks or state wildlife management areas.

                   The Interior Department said the proposed rule change is intended to clear up
                   conflicting regulations between states and the federal government that may make
                   it difficult to regulate firearms in these protected lands. In 61 park units that
                   allow hunting, firearms are governed by state laws.

                   "The safety and protection of park and refuge visitors remains a top priority for
                   the Department of the Interior," Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said in a
                   statement. "The proposed regulations will incorporate current state laws
                   authorizing the possession of concealed firearms, while continuing to maintain
                   important provisions to ensure visitor safety and resource protection."

                   Kempthorne ordered the department to review its regulations in February after 51
                   senators sent a pair of letters to the secretary claiming the policies were
                   confusing and could conflict with the Second Amendment rights of gun owners.

                   Interior's gun rules were established in the 1930s to bar poaching. They were
                   amended in 1983 to allow unloaded firearms to be carried in parks and refuges.

                   Several park, conservation and law enforcement groups have come out against
                   revisiting the rules, calling it the result of a National Rifle Association-backed
                   campaign to water down such regulations.

                   "This is purely and simply a politically driven effort to solve a problem that
                   doesn't exist," said Bill Wade, chairman of the Coalition of National Park Service
                   Retirees. "There are no existing data that suggest any public interest to be gained


                10/15/2009


                                                                                                         PRA_GSP0I_0016771
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 3 of 3



                   by allowing visitors to parks to possess concealed handguns."

                   Those groups said the proposed rule would only add to confusion because many
                   national parks and wildlife refuges span multiple states that may have different
                   firearm laws for state-protected lands.

                   The public comment period on the proposed rule change ends June 30.

                   Click here to view the proposed rule changes.



                   John W. Katz
                   Director of State/Federal Relations
                   and Special Counsel to the Governor
                   4katz@alaskadc. org
                   (202)624-5858




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016772
