Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
              Sent:                   Thursday, May 01, 2008 12:23 PM
              To:                     Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
              Subject :               RE: welcome book for Trig & Piper


              Governor, There are only 2 regret videos that need to be taped at this time. They will be
              taping/video on the Welcome of the 180 Soldiers today and then on Saturday they will be
              covering all 3 events. Janice



              -----Original Message-----

              From: Palin, Sarah    ( GOV sponsored)

              Sent: Thursday ,   May 01, 2008 9:49 AM

              To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); ' krisandclark @ yahoo.com'

              Subject: Re : welcome book for Trig & Piper




              R they doing more than those two videos while they r here



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

              To:' Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); ' krisandclark@yahoo.com '. <krisandclark@yaho




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            P RA_GS P01 _0016777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1




                    Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                    From :    Siegfried Robin [Siegfried_Robin©asdkl2.org]
                    Sent:     Thursday, May 01, 2008 1:38 PM
                    To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                    Cc:       Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
                    Subject : Ltr From Carol Comeau on Education Funding

                   Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles,

                   Please see the attached letter from Superintendent Carol Comeau.

                  Thank you,

                  Robin Siegfried
                  Executive Assistant to the Superintendent
                  Anchorage School District




                   6/9/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0016778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                May 1, 2008

                                                Governor Sarah Palin
                                                Attn: Mike Tibbles, Chief of Staff
                                                PO Box 110001
                Anchorage                       Juneau, AK 98111-0001

                School                          Dear Governor Palin:
                District                        On behalf of the Anchorage School Board and administration, we want to thank you for
                                                your strong support for K-12 education during the just completed legislative session.
                5530 E. Northern Lights Blvd.   We had hoped that the legislature would adopt your three year proposal increasing the
                Anchorage, Alaska 99504-3135    Base Student Allocation by $200 per year which would have allowed all districts in the
                (907) 742.4000                  state to keep up with inflation and to enhance educational programs for our students.
                                                Even though that proposal did not pass, we very much appreciate the substantial
                                                increases in education and pupil transportation funding that did pass and that you
                                                signed so promptly. We are also appreciative of the legislation that dealt with the
                                                unfunded liability in the TRS and PERS retirement system, the area cost differentials,
                                                and the revenue sharing assistance for all of Alaska's communities. Early education
                                                funding was a true gift. We are hopeful that the additional one-time funding in SB 221
                                                will also receive your support; as energy costs have increased, along with fuel prices,
                                                this funding will offset some of those increases that have taken funding from our
                                                instructional program.

                                                We would like to urge you to carefully consider all of the capital projects in the Senate
                                                Bill 221. In the case of Anchorage, Chugiak-Eagle River, and Girdwood projects
                                                submitted by Anchorage legislators, we want to assure you that these were all
                                                proposed by the school communities and parent groups, reviewed by our
                                                administration and out citizen Capital Request Advisory Committee this past fall and
                                                winter. We tried to submit projects that met all, or a majority of your established
                                                criteria. Hopefully, you will support these projects which benefit so many of our
                                                students and our community. Our recreation facilities are heavily used year round by
                                                our schools and our community; we believe that healthy activities in upgraded facilities
                                                are safer for the athletes and increase the quality of life in neighborhoods surrounding
                                                our schools.

                                                We are also urging your support of the extension of the debt reimbursement for
                                                communities which must bond for new schools and major renovations in HB 373. This
                                                legislation is essential for our community in order for us to gain support for our school
                                                bonds in the future.

                                                As you and your staff are reviewing all of the capital projects submitted by the
                                                legislature, please do not hesitate to contact the Superintendent 's Office at (907) 742-
                                                4312 or comeau carol asdkl2 . ora if you have need for clarification or more
                                                information.

                                                Again, thank you for your strong leadership and support of public education.




                                                Jeff Friedman, President                           Carol Comeau, Superintendent
                                                Anchorage School Board                            Anchorage School District

                                                cc     Karen Rehfeld, Director, OMB
                                                       Anchorage School Board members

                                                                   EducatingAllStudtnnfor Success in Lift




                                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0016779
