Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Rowland, Mindy B (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MB ROWLANDJ
             Sent:                    Friday, May 02, 2008 9:18 PM
             To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                                      (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Capstone


             Hi Governor,

             Your memory is correct, you did sign the bill near the end of session. The early signing
             was intended to allow DCCED to get the regulations in place right away. Having the Bethel
             students there was a pleasant bonus.

             The purpose of tomorrow's ceremonial signing is to "advertise" the existence of the loan
             program and promote the benefits of Capstone. The hope is that a number of pilots, after
             hearing you talk about it, will decide to apply for loans and purchase the equipment thus
             making our skies a little safer. A rep from FAA will give a presentation detailing the
             technology either right before or right after you do the ceremonial signing.

             Although you could simply give a short speech, witnessing you doing a bill signing, even
             if ceremonial, seems to really stick in people's memories.

             I think all those pilots would be disappointed if they don't get to see you tomorrow.

             An extra benefit is that because you sponsored and pushed for this bill, you get added
             exposure for your efforts.

             Kelly can chime in if she has additional ideas.

             I'm happy to answer any questions.

             Thanks

             Mindy




             ----- Original Message -----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Mason, Janice L
             (GOV); Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)

             Sent: Fri May 02 20:31:55 2008

             Subject: Re: Capstone




             We've not done this before - signing ceremonial after the fact. We've ceremonially signed
             BEFORE we had the bill in hand, but isn't this an odd way of doing this? Kinda' double-
             dipping after the previous ceremony where the Bethel students participated with the
             lawmakers already?

             ------Original Message------

             From: Kris Perry

             To: Governor Sarah Palin

             To: Mindy Rowland
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO 1 _0016790
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              To: Kelly Goode

              To: Janice Mason

              Sent: May 2,   2008 8:32 PM

              Subject: Capstone




              Yes, already signed . Tomorrow for ceremony.



              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             2
