Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Friday, May 02, 2008 3:47 PM
             To:                      'starmandan3@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

             Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 3:46 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. Daniel Veal

             address: 1120 Pine St. Anchorage AK 99508

               907-360-5072



             MESSAGE:

             Sarah!

                      A poem of revealing oneness!                       (1 more)



                                         " UNITY OF THE HEART "




                                                   Body

                                Direction energized an outward force.

                                His motion be positive space.

                                And everywhere that direction forms,

                                the force is a risen place!



                                                  Spirit

                                Truth became a written word.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016821
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                His will be given growth.

                                And everwhere that truth abides,

                                the word is a justful oath!



                                                Soul

                                Grace brought forth a little light.

                                His love be life abound.

                                And everywhere that grace appears,

                                the light is all around!



                                Little Ones! Ya gotta by em!

                                starcoloralaska.com



                                PS: No way to send a picture?




             starmandan3@yahoo.com




                                                                2
