Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, May 02, 2008 3:24 PM
              To:                     Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Third Global Congress of Women in Politics and Governance, 19-22 October 2008 -
                                      Dusit Hotel, Makati, Philippines




              -----Original Message-----

              From: Global Congress of Women in Politics and Governance
              [mailto:2008globalcongress.capwip@gmail.com)

              Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 3:22 PM

              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

              Subject: Third Global Congress of Women in Politics and Governance, 19-22 October 2008 -
              Dusit Hotel, Makati, Philippines




              Dear Colleagues and Friends,



             Greetings from the Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP) and the United
             Nations International Strategy for Disaster Risk Reduction (UN-ISDR)!



             We are pleased to invite you to the Third Global Congress of Women in Politics and
             Governance which will be held on October 19-22, 2008 at the Dusit Hotel, Makati City,
             Metro Manila, Philippines.  The theme of the congress is "Gender and Climate Change".



             Women and environment experts have raised concern over the absence of women in the
             discourse and debate on climate change, a global mainstream issue that is currently
             impacting the entire world. The involvement of women in areas of environmental management
             and governance should not be perceived as an afterthought. Women's roles are of
             considerable importance in the promotion of environmental ethics.

             The current imperative is for women to understand the phenomenon of climate change and its
             impacts and implications at the individual, household, community and national levels.
             Studies show that women have a definite information deficit on climate politics and
             climate protection. Only with this information can women take their proper, significant
             and strategic role in the issue of climate change.

             Invited to this congress are women parliamentarians, women in decision - making and
             governance, environment organizations, youth Leaders and Media Practitioners

             The Congress will have the following objectives:

             Overall Purpose: To provide a forum for women legislators, and women in decision making
             and environment organizations at all levels, in formulating gender-responsive legislation
             and policies.




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0016825
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Specific Objectives:

              a) To understand the phenomenon of climate change, its impacts and implications;

              b). to review and examine the gender aspects of climate change and formulate appropriate
              actions to address such;

              c). to define the roles women can play in addressing the issues of climate change at the
              global, national and sub-national levels; and

              d). to identify and define the action agenda for parliamentarians, policy advocates and
              women leaders to support global and national actions to adapt to and mitigate the impacts
              of climate change.

              Congress Proceedings:

              The discussion on gender and climate change will be organized around identifying the
              challenges to action as well as defining the appropriate responses to effectively address
              the impacts of climate change. Inputs to the discussion will be collected and organized
              around: 1) geographic location and 2) types of actions: i.e. preparedness, risk reduction:
              building community resilience; adaptation; and mitigation. Cross cutting these discussions
              will be the identification of technologies in aid of responding to climate change.

              The focus of the discussions will revolve around defining and elaborating actions (i.e.
              preparedness, disaster risk reduction, adaptation, and mitigation) to cope with climate
              change and its impacts.

              Preparedness and disaster risk reduction is about building individual and community
              capacities to position themselves and their communities so that the likelihood of climate
              change-induced disasters is reduced ; the intensity or adverse impacts of disasters are
              cushioned and that inhabitants are able to respond promptly, expeditiously and
              effectively. Adaptation entails actions that moderate harm, or exploit benefits, of
              climate change.  Mitigation entails actions that minimizes or cushions the adverse impacts
              of climate change.

              In all of these actions, special attention will be given to defining how women and gender
              could be mainstreamed. In other words, the Congress should define how women can be given
              the social space to participate, influence, and benefit from global and local responses to
              climate change.

              The registration fee for the four day congress is One thousand five hundred fifty US
              Dollars (US$ 1,550.) per person for twin room sharing accommodations (two persons in one
              room) and one thousand nine hundred fifty US Dollars (US$ 1,950.) per person for single
              room accommodations (one person in one room). We are sending you the detailed information
              sheet below, which contains the registration form.



              The training will be held on Oct 19-22, 2008. However, the participants will be requested
              to be in Manila the day before, October 18, 2008 and leave Manila only on October 23,
              2008. The overnight hotel accommodation on October 18, 2008 is already included in the
              fee. Participants will be billeted in the Dusit Hotel, the venue of the congress and
              hotels near the Dusit Hotel, accessible within walking distance. Room accommodations in
              the Dusit Hotel, the venue of the Congress will be on a first come - first served basis.



              You can also download the full information sheet and registration form for this Third
              Global Congress of Women in Politics and Governance from our website,
              <http://www.capwip.org/>



                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016826
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Importance of the Congress



             Today, on the average, one person out of nineteen in a developing country will be hit by a
             climate disaster, compared to 1 out of 1,500 in an OECD country. Climate change creates
             life time traps: in Niger, a child born during a drought is 72 percent more likely to be
             stunted than a child born during a normal season.



             We hope that your organization can send participants to the Third Global Congress of Women
             in Politics and Governance. The Theme of "Gender and Climate Change" is the first time
             this will be discussed in a forum whose objective is to formulate gender responsive
             legislation and policies for national governments and parliaments.



             We truly hope that the environment organizations will find this forum a good opportunity
             to advocate gender and climate change policies and programs through gender responsive
             legislation to the women parliamentarians, decision makers, the youth leaders, media and
             the funding agencies / organizations . Let us join hands in promoting gender responsive
             governance through transformative leadership and citizenship. We are looking forward to
             your participation.




             Very truly yours,



              (signed)

              Jung-sook KIM (Ed.D.)

              President

              Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)




              Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)

              YSTAPHIL Building, 4227-4229 Tomas Claudio Street, Baclaran,

              Paranaque City, Metro Manila, Philippines

              Tel. (632) 8516934 (632) 8516954; Tele Fax: mobile phone +639184596603

              E-mail: globalcongress2008@gmail.com; globalcongress2008@capwip.org
              <mailto:globalcongress2008@gmail.com;%20globalcongress2008@capwip.org>; capwip@capwip.org
              <mailto:capwip@capwip.org> Web: www.capwip.org <http://www.capwip.org/>;
              www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org <http://www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org/>




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016827
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              INFORMATION SHEET




              The Third Global

              Congress of Women in

              Politics and Governance



                       Focus on Gender and Climate Change



              Organized by the Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP) in partnership with
              the United Nations International Strategy for Disaster Risk Reduction (UN-ISDR)



              For Women Parliamentarians, Women in Decision - Making and Governance; Environment
              Organizations;

              Youth Leaders and Media Practitioners ;   Funding/ donor agencies / organizations




              October 19-22, 2008

              Dusit Hotel, Makati City

              Metro Manila, Philippines




              Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics     ( CAPWIP)

              4227-4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran , Paranaque City, Metro Manila ,        Philippines,

              Tel: (632 ) 8516934; Tele Fax:(632 ) 8522112; mobile phone + 639184596603

              Email: globalcongress2008 @ gmail.com <mailto:globalcongress2008 @ gmail.com>;
              globalcongress2008 @ capwip.org <mailto:globalcongress2008 @ capwip.org >; capwip@capwip.org
              <mailto:capwip @ capwip.org>

              Web: www.capwip . org <http://www.capwip . org>; www . onlinewomeninpolitics.org
              <http:// www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>




              I.     Background and Context
                                                              4




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0016828
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Climate change is the 21st century crisis. According to the United Nations Human
              Development Report "(I) it is still a ,preventable crisis The world is now at or near the
              warmest level on record in the current interglacial period, which began 12,000 years ago.
              There is strong evidence that the process is accelerating."




              The urgency of climate change was underscored by Faith Birol, the Chief Economist of the
              International Energy Agency: "Without serious policy shifts, we may be heading toward the
              double crisis of energy insecurity and climate change ... The macroeconomics is clear, with
              prevention now costing a good deal less than adaptation later: 1 % of GDP if we act now
              and 5-20 % if we wait. ...We must treat the earth as if we intended to stay..." The world has
              less than a decade to change its course.




              Today, on average , one person out of 19 in a developing country will be hit by a climate
              disaster, compared to 1 out of 1,500 in an OECD country. Climate change creates life time
              traps: in Niger, a child born during a drought is 72 percent more likely to be stunted
              than a child born during a normal season.




              "The direct economic cost of disasters is on the rise, recently costing $7.5 billion to
              China due to snowstorms, and $12.5 billion to Japan from one earthquake in 2007, and $5.5
              billion to Germany from the windstorm Kyrill. Moreover, the indirect economic cost is
              usually more than that of direct economic cost. The political costs of neglecting
              substantive disaster reduction and management policies are also becoming increasingly
              clear. Public confidence in all levels of the United States government dropped in 2005
              after perceived inadequacies of the government's preparedness for Hurricane Katrina in New
              Orleans, and in reaction to the inequalities the Hurricane revealed. Meanwhile, approval
              ratings of President Alan Garcia of Peru rose five points on public perception of
              effective government disaster management immediately after the Peruvian earthquake of
              2007."




              Increased exposure to drought, to more intense storms, to floods and environmental stress
              is holding back the efforts of the world's poor to build a better life for themselves and
              their children. In short climate change would stall and reverse progress in human
              development, including cutting down extreme poverty, health, education, nutrition.




              Key mechanisms through which climate change could stall and then reverse human
              development:



              1)    General impact - climate change will affect rainfall, temperature and water
              availability for agriculture in vulnerable areas. For example, drought affected areas in
              sub-Saharan Africa could expand by 60-90 million hectares, with dry land zones suffering
                                                             5




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016829
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             losses of US $25 billion by 2060; other developing regions will experience losses in
             agricultural production; those affected by malnutrition could rise to 600 million;

             2)     Water stress and water insecurity - an additional 1.8 billion people could be
             living in water scarce environment by 2080; Central Asia, Northern China and the



             northern part of South Asia face immense vulnerabilities; seven of Asia's great river
             systems will experience an increase in flows over the short term;



             3)    Rising sea levels and exposure to climate change     over 70 million people in
             Bangladesh, 6 million in Lower Egypt and 22 million in Viet Nam could be affected; small
             island states in the Caribbean and the Pacific could suffer catastrophic damage; with over
             344 million people currently exposed'to tropical cyclones, more intensive storms could
             have devastating consequences for a large group of .companies;



             4)    Ecology - Climate change is transforming ecological systems - with a 3 degree
             centigrade of warming, 20-30 percent of land species could face extinction;



             5)    Human health - major killer diseases could expand their reach due to the impacts of
             extreme summer and winter conditions and heat waves; for example, an additional 220- 400
             million people could be exposed to malaria which already claims 1 million lives annually.



             Global discussions on climate change have attempted to sketch a road map for coping with
             climate change. Actions must include: how to stop and reverse further global warming so
             that greenhouse gas emissions must fall to avoid rise in temperatures over 2 degrees
             centigrade from pre-industrial levels; how to live with the degree of global warming that
             cannot be stopped and how to design a new model for human progress and development that is
             climate proof and climate friendly and-gives everyone a fair share of the natural
             resources on which we depend. In other words, coping efforts must include: 1) preparedness
             and disaster risk reduction and building community resilience; 2) adaptation; and 3)
             mitigation.



             Climate change is global but its impacts are local. Concerted actions must therefore be
             undertaken at both the local and global levels. In this regard, certain preconditions must
             be observed as suggested by Bjorn Stigson, the President of the World Business for
             Sustainable Development:

                   The first need is a common perception that we have a problem that must be addressed
             with some sense of urgency.

                   We need a willingness by governments to actually do something about it; that belief
             is lacking as politicians do not yet see climate change as a decisive election issue

                   We need a feeling that there is an equitable sharing of the costs for solving the
             problem.

                   We need realistic options for solutions, for example, technologies that can create a
             more resource-efficient economy and/or eliminate greenhouse gases, such as carbon capture
             and storage. We do seem to possess an effective arsenal of technology options.



                   We need the tools to implement these options: regulations, standards, economic
             instruments, voluntary actions by citizens and business, etc.: We possess those tools, but
             need the political will to use them
                                                          6




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0016830
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   We need funding for actions like technology development and deployment, as well
             restructuring societal infrastructure; such funding is lacking, but it could be provided
             if it was a political priority;

                   We need a willingness on the parts of all economic actors to change behavior toward
             more sustainable lifestyles. This will depend on a number of the above-mentioned factors,
             but also on whether the actions are "profitable" within the prevailing economic paradigm.

                   We need constructive cooperation between the key parts of society - governments,
             business and civil society. Such cooperation is lacking.




             Why gender and climate change?



             Differential impact on men and women. The Gender and Climate Change website states:
             "Climate change is not a neutral process; first of all, women are in general more
             vulnerable to the effects of climate change, not least because they represent the majority
             of the world's poor and because they are more than proportionally dependent on natural
             resources that are threatened. The technological change and instruments that are being
             proposed to mitigate carbon emissions, which are implicitly presented as gender-neutral,
             are in fact quite gender biased and may negatively affect women or bypass them.



             The negotiation process tends to be driven by a masculine view of the problem and its
             solutions. Participation of women in the whole process, at international, national and
             local levels, is very low, both in the South and in the North; probably skills and
             resources need to be developed to overcome this.



             Gender, like poverty, is a cross cutting issue in climate change and needs to be
             recognized as such. In fact, gender and poverty are interrelated and create mutually
             reinforcing barriers to social change. There is a need to be strident to overcome the
             uninformed view of many involved in climate change that climate change is neutral, and
             real life examples are needed to make the alternative case clear and convincing." (Gender
             and Climate Change web site: <http://www.gencc.interconnection.org/about.htm>)



             For example, women comprised the majority of those killed and who were least likely to
             recover in the 2005 Asian Tsunami. In Aceh, more than 75 percent of those who died were
             women, resulting in a male-female ratio of 3:1 among the survivors. As so many mothers
             died, there have been major consequences with respect to infant mortality, early marriage
             of girls, neglect of girls' education, sexual assault, trafficking in women, and
             prostitution. (In Gender aspects of climate change, Gender and Disaster Network,
             2005/REF).




             If action on climate change is partly about reducing vulnerability and building
             resilience, then it is important that vulnerable groups do not suffer disproportionately
             from its adverse effects. Women figure among such vulnerable groups. (Point de vue,
             Bulletin African Bioressources, Oct 2001)



             Lack of women's participation. Women and environment experts have raised concern over the
             absence of women in the discourse and debate on climate change, a global mainstream issue
             that is currently impacting the entire world.

                                                          7




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0016831
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              A document from the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development states: "An
              overall assessment of the climate change debate to date shows women are patently absent in
              the decision-making process. Their contributions in environmental policies are largely
              ignored. Decision-making and policy formulation at environmental levels such as
              conservation, protection and rehabilitation, and environmental management are
              predominantly male agenda . The climate change debate is an indicator of how gender issues
              tend to be omitted, leaving room for complex market-driven notions equated in terms of
              emission reductions, fungibility and flexible mechanisms.




              Nevertheless, in the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development reflected in
              Agenda 21, one notes the key role ascribed to women as principle actors in the management
              of natural resources and the development of sustainable and ecologically sound policies.
              Perhaps the fact that there are few trained women environmental specialists tends to
              accentuate this gender deficit in environmental policy. Institutional.weakness in women's
              organizations and under-representation informal decision-making are factors that lend to
              swing the pendulum away from their oft-valuable input."



              Women can contribute to the solution. The involvement of women in areas of environmental
              management and governance should not be perceived as an afterthought. Women's roles are of
              considerable importance in the promotion of environmental ethics. Their efforts in waste
              management through recycling and re-use of resources are an indication of the extent of
              their significant input to community development . Women in rural areas , due to their daily
              contact with the natural habitat for the provision of food, fodder and wood, tend to have
              sound ecological knowledge that could be useful in environmental planning and governance.



              For example, during a drought in the small islands of the Federal States of Micronesia, it
              was local women, knowledgeable about island hydrology as a result of land-based work, who
              were able to find potable water by digging a new well that reached the freshwater lens.
              ((In Gender aspects of climate change, Gender and Disaster Network, 2005/REF)



              Women must understand and engage in mainstream issues .   Gender must therefore be taken up
              as part and parcel of these issues. Women must understand therefore how women are
              affected by these as well as how women can become part of the solution. In this spirit,
              the Third Global Congress of Women in Politics and Governance will be organized in October
              19-22, 2008, and its focus will be on gender and climate change.



             "Discussions on action to alleviate the impacts of climate change are not simply a
             scientific debate.   It is about questioning the ability of countries and their peoples to
             anticipate and respond effectively to the adverse human and physical effects of climate
             change. From a livelihood perspective, poor communities are potentially the big losers in
             the scramble for markets within the overall emissions trading and climate policy debates.
             Thus, efforts must be devoted to creating a situation in which all stakeholders = women
             included - can derive some benefit. Measures should include the demystification of the
             climate change issues in order to generate popular consensus ... It is about creating
             opportunities that the poor could benefit from ; giving them greater responsibility in
             environmental management : and creating environmentally friendly technologies that would
             generate revenue and jobs. "(Fatma Denton, Point de Vue, p. 2)



             The current imperative is for women to understand the phenomenon of climate change and its
             impacts and implications at individual, household, community and national levels. "Studies
             show that women have a definite information deficit on climate politics and climate
             protection." (Gender and Climate Change - a forgotten issue? In Tiempo Climate Newswatch)




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0016832
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Also, there is an urgent need for political leaders and legislators to commit to creating
              an enabling environment for responding to climate change and to address disaster risk
              reduction at a national and international level. More and more politicians and legislators
              have shown growing interest in disaster risk reduction and climate change adaptation, but
              much of this has been concentrated in Europe. It is vitally important to extend the
              dialogue, and to involve legislators from different regions, especially those most
              vulnerable to the impact of disasters and climate change.



              2. Objectives of the Congress



              Specifically, the Congress will have the following objectives:

              Overall Purpose: To provide a forum for women legislators at all levels in formulating
              gender-responsive legislation.

              Specific Objectives:

              a) to understand the phenomenon of climate change, its impacts, and its implications;

              b) to review and examine the gender aspects of climate change and formulate appropriate
              actions to address these;

              c) to define the roles women can play in addressing the impacts of climate change at the
              global, national and sub-national levels; and

              d) to identify and define the action agenda for parliamentarians, policy advocates, and
              women leaders to support global and national actions to adapt to and mitigate the impacts
              of climate change.



              3. Papers



             The discussion on gender and climate change will be organized around identifying the.
             challenges to action, as well as defining the appropriate responses to effectively address
             the impacts of climate change. Inputs to the discussion will be collected and organized
             around: 1) geographic location; and 2) types of actions i.e. preparedness; risk reduction;
             building community resilience; adaptation; and mitigation. Cross cutting these discussions
             will be the identification of technologies in aid of responding to climate change.



             The focus of the discussions will revolve around defining and elaborating actions (i.e.
             preparedness, disaster risk reduction, adaptation, and mitigation) to cope with climate
             change and its impacts.



             Preparedness and disaster risk reduction is about building individual and community
             capacities to position themselves and their communities so that the likelihood of climate
             change-induced disasters is reduced; the intensity or adverse impacts of disasters are
             cushioned and that inhabitants are able to respond promptly, expeditiously and
             effectively. Adaptation entails actions that moderate harm, or exploit benefits, of
             climate change.  Mitigation entails actions that minimizes or cushions the adverse impacts
             of climate change.



             In all of these actions, special attention will be given to defining how women and gender
                                                           9




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0016833
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              could be mainstreamed. In other words, the Congress should define how women can be given
              the social space to participate, influence, and benefit from global and local responses to
              climate change.




              Proposed Plenary Papers

                    Perspectives in Climate Change: Development Challenges and Ways Forward and
              Technologies for Clean Energy and Environment Management

                       Gender and Climate Change: What Can Women Do About Climate Change? A Proposed Action
              Agenda

                       Gender, Disaster Risk Reduction, and Legislation



              Environment organizations and all the other participants are welcome to share papers for
              distribution during the congress. These papers should be emailed in advance so that they
              can be included in the CD of resource materials that will be distributed to the
              participants during the congress.



              4. Proposed, Program



              Date                        Activity



              Day 1

              Oct 19, 2008

              Sunday



             Morning session



               800 - 900                  Registration



              900 - 1030                 OPENING CEREMONIES




                                         Opening Speakers

                      Host   country

             Welcome Remarks



                                         Keynote Address:




                                                                  10




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                           Setting the Stage for Gender Responsive Legislation on

                                           Climate Change




              1030 - 1245                  Plenary Session 1



              Perspectives in Climate Change:

                       Development Challenges

                       Solutions and Ways Forward




              Gender and Climate Change:

                       What Can Women Do About Climate Change?

                       Gender-responsive Legislation on Climate Change - What have we done so far?

                       A Proposed Action Agenda



              1245 - 1345                 LUNCH



              Film Showing :   " The Inconvenient Truth"




              FREE AFTERNOON




              1900 - 2200                 Welcome Dinner/Cultural Night




              Day 2

              Oct 20, 2008

              Monday




              Morning session




              830 - 1030
                                                               11




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0016835
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             PLENARY SESSIONS




             Panel 1: Women in Politics and Governance

                      Progress of Women in Politics and Governance: Updates, Gaps and Areas for Further
             Action

                   Gender responsive Legislation in Aid of Climate Change Responses:             Are women
             legislators engaged in the climate change responses?




             1030 - 1230                 Panel 2:   Gender and Climate Change

                   Mainstreaming Gender and the Role of Women in Climate Change Responses: Challenges,
             Approaches & Strategies

                      Gender, Disaster Risk Reduction and Legislation

                     Technologies for Responding to Climate Change: Do Women Have a Role to Play?



             LUNCH



             Evening Session

             WORKSHOPS

             Regional Perspectives on Climate Change:




             Focus: Challenges,      Solutions and Ways Forward



             o       Asia-Pacific

             o        Western Asia

             o       Africa

             o        Caribbean and Latin America

             o        Europe and North America



             (Workshops will draw up a Gender Responsive Legislative Agenda for Action: National,
             Regional and Global)




             Day 3

                                                              12




                                                                                                          P RA_GS P01 _0016836
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Oct 21, 2008

              Tuesday




              Morning Session            Regional Perspectives on Climate Change:




              Focus:     Drawing up. the Gender Responsive Legislative

                       Agenda




              o        Asia-Pacific

              o        Western Asia

              o        Africa

              o        Caribbean and Latin America

              o        Europe and North America



              Plenary Session 2



             Workshop Reports:




              1300 - 1400                Asia Pacific

             1400 - 1500                 Western Asia

              1530 - 1630                Africa

             1630 - 1730                 Caribbean and Latin America

             1730 - 1830                 Europe and North America




             Day 4

             Oct.      22, 2008

             Wednesday




             Morning session              Plenary Session



             Synthesis and Integration:
                                                                13
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Call to Action for a Gender Responsive Global Governance and Legislation for Managing
             Climate Change - Manila Declaration on Gender and Climate Change




             Lunch




             Afternoon Session -         Closing Programme:




             Closing Speakers




                     Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)

                     Representative from Asia Pacific

                     Representative from Western Asia

                     Representative from Africa

                     Representative from Caribbean and Latin America

                     Representative from Europe and North America




             Signing of the "Manila Declaration on Gender and Climate Change"



             Address



             Farewell Dinner/International Night




             5.   Knowledge Fair/Exhibition on Gender and Climate Change



             A knowledge fair/Exhibition on Gender and Climate Change will be organized at the venue of
             the Congress: the Dusit Hotel. Participating organizations are invited to exhibit their
             materials for display or for sale. Those who are interested should contact the secretariat
             to make their booth reservations. There will be minimal charges for the rental of the
             booth.  This is aside from the space that will be made available for all organizations to
             display and distribute materials that you would like to share with the other participants.




                                                               14




                                                                                                          P RAGS P01 _0016838
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              6. Expected Output



              Expected Output: Gender Responsive Legislative Agenda on Climate change




              7. Who Can Join?

                    Women Parliamentarians

                    Women in Decision-Making and Governance

                    Environment Organizations

                    Funding/donor organizations/agencies

                    Members of media

                    Youth Leaders



             8. Venue of the Congress:




             The Dusit Hotel, Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines (www.dusit.com.ph
             <http://www.dusit.com.ph>)




             9. About the Organizer:



             Global Network of Women in Politics



             The Global Network of Women in Politics is a project of the Center for Asia Pacific Women
             in Politics (CAPWIP). It is a loose network of organizations and individuals who are
             committed to the agenda of transformation in leadership, politics and communities.



             This network is committed to be the forum for Women Parliamentarians to meet every two
             years and learn about relevant gender issues that will enable them to promote gender
             responsive legislation.



             From the beginning, CAPWIP has recognized the need for broad international support to
             effectively promote women's participation in politics. The Center studied previous efforts
             to create a global network for WIP. They found that some of the factors that hindered the
             creation of an effective network were that efforts had been confined either to a small
             group of elite women or research institutes and/or that it had a narrow focus of interest.
             Realizing that CAPWIP has no real model for a global network, the group decided to work
             slowly toward this ultimate objective.

                                                            15




                                                                                                       P RA_GSP01 _0016839
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Time and again, CAPWIP took advantage of opportunities to talk about what it was doing.
              One such break was the 1994 Taipei Global Summit on Women's Leadership in Politics. The
              summit brought together women interested in WIP and key CAPWIP personalities, among them
              Supartra Masdit, Kanwaljit Soin, Sylvia Ordonez, Irene Santiago, Sochua Leiper, Annette Lu
              Hsiu Lien, Leticia Ramos Shahani, Kao Tien Shang, Anne Summers, and Solita Monsod.
              International luminaries included Bella Abzug, Monica Barnes, Joaquima Alemay, Betty
              Bigombe and Kazimiera Prunskiene. The group. agreed to work towards forming a global
              network and to meet at the Preparatory Committee (PrepCom) for the Beijing World
              Conference to be held in New York in March 1995.



             At the PrepCom, CAPWIP posted its invitation for a "Planning Workshop for the Preparatory
             Activities in Beijing for the Organization of the Global Network of Women in Politics."
             Hosted by the African-American Institute, the 17 March workshop was attended by a large
             group of women which included: Christine Pintat (Inter Parliamentary Union); Anita Amlen
             (Swedish Federaton of Liberal Women); Jytee Lindgard (National Council of Women in
             Denmark); Sdalwa Sharawy Gomaa (Social Research Center, Egypt); Malena de Montis (Centro
             Para La Participation Democratica y El Desarrollo, Nicaragua); Nadia Raveles (Women's
             Parliament Forum, Surinam); Dr..Pam Rajput (Punjab University); Slote Wananisan (Fiji
             Mission to the UN); Dr. Ilina Sen; NandiniAsad (Working Women's Forum, India), and Ayesha
             Khanam (Bangladesh Mahila Parishad). The African-American Institute, which had planned a
             WIP meting in Botswana, later, hosted the Planning Meeting for the Global Network of WIP
             held in Beijing.




             Several steering committees were formed that would produce Regional WIP Platforms for
             Action for the Beijing Women's Conference. Focal points were established for the different
             regions: Nadia Raveles for Africa, Jytee Lindagard for Europe-North America, CAPWIP for
             Asia-Pacific, Salwa Gomaa for West Asia, and Malena de Montis for Latin America-Caribbean.




             It was also agreed that a Global Network of Women in Politics (GLOBALNET) would be
             organized with CAPWIP serving as the permanent secretariat. In 1995, GLOBALNET was
             formally incorporated with CAPWIP serving as the permanent secretariat.




             Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)




             The CENTER FOR ASIA-PACIFIC WOMEN IN POLITICS (CAPWIP) is a non-partisan, non-profit and
             non-governmental regional organization dedicated to promoting equal participation of women
             in politics, governance and decision-making. CAPWIP was established in 1992 by a group of
             women from the Asia-Pacific region who have defined their paradigm for change as:




             Politics that is both TRANSFORMED and TRANSFORMATIONAL.




             TRANSFORMED because...




             it uses power to create change , to develop people,

             and to build communities;

                                                           16




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016840
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              it is non-hierarchical and participatory in its

              structures and processes; and



              it accords priority to the disadvantaged sectors,

              such as the poor grassroots women in rural and

              urban areas and indigenous women;



              TRANSFORMATIONAL because...




              it is development-oriented, issue-based,

              and gender-responsive;



              it seeks economic, social, and political equity between sexes

              and among sectors; and




              it builds a society that is just and humane and

              a way of life that is sustainable.




              CAPWIP operates through a network of national affiliates clustered into five sub-regional
              groupings: Central Asia, East Asia, Pacific, South Asia and Southeast Asia. These sub-
              regional coordinating focal points and national affiliates are autonomous organizations
              actively involved in women's political empowerment in their respective countries.




              CAPWIP supports its network through technical assistance in organizational and program
              planning, training, research and information sharing, advocacy and networking. CAPWIP
              receives administrative and program support through voluntary contributions from its board
              members and grants from bilateral and multilateral aid agencies such as the Asian
              Development Bank (ADB), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),  Asia-Pacific Gender
              Equality Network (UNDP-APGEN), Regional Programme on Governance in the Asia-Pacific (UNDP-
              PARAGON), Southeast Asia Gender Equity Programme of the Canadian International Development
              Agency (SEAGEP-CIDA), United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), United Nations
              Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP) and the United Nations
              Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).




              CAPWIP's programs on training include developing modules and training programs for women's
                                                            17




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             leadership and responsible citizenship based on the framework of transformative leadership
             and conducts trainer's training for women's political empowerment, transformative
             leadership and gender-responsive governance.




             The CAPWIP Institute for Gender, Governance and Leadership (CIGGL)         aims to provide
             trainings to women and men involved in:




             ?           Electoral politics (in all levels: national, provincial, city/municipality)

              ?          The bureaucracy (in all levels: national, provincial, city/municipality)

             ?           Political parties (officials and members)

             ?           Training institutes (government, private sectors and non-government)

             ?           The development of governance policies, programs and projects

             ?         Working with NGOs, civil society groups interested in gender., governance and
             leadership; or

             ?         Women and men who are simply interested in the question of gender, governance
             and leadership




             10. Secretariat




             Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)

             4227-4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran, Parafiaque City, Metro Manila, Philippines,

             Tel: (632) 8516934; Tele Fax :( 632) 8522112; mobile phone +639184596603

             Email: globalcongress2008@gmail.com <mailto:globalcongress2008@gmail.com>;
             globalcongress2008@capwip.org <mailto:globalcongress2008@capwip.org>; capwip@capwip.org
             <mailto:capwip@capwip.org>

             Web: www.capwip.org <http://www.capwip.org>; www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org
             <http://www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>




             11.   Congress Cost per participant




                    Congress Cost Per participant with Twin Sharing Accommodation:
                                                            18




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016842
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             One thousand five hundred fifty five US Dollars            ( US$ 1,550.)



                    Congress Cost Per participant with Single Room Accommodation:

             One thousand nine hundred fifty US Dollars ( US$ 1,950)




             These fees are inclusive of:



                    Congress      fees

                    Transfer in and out of the hotel

                    Accommodations at the designated hotels

                    All congress materials

                    All meals during the Congress

                    Accommodations ( excluding meals )      for one night before the congress       ( October 18, 2008)




             This fee , which does not include airfare and airport terminal fees , is non-refundable and
             must be paid in advance as soon as the reservation to the congress is confirmed .   Congress
             fee payments should be sent / remitted to:




             Account Name                    Center for Asia-Pacific Women in

                             Politics or CAPWIP

             Account Number                         710 271000417 4

             Account Type                           U.S. Dollar Savings Account

             Bank ' s Name :        Metropolitan Bank and Trust

                             Company     ( METROBANK)

             Bank ' s Address                Magallanes Branch, Paseo de

             Magallanes ,    Magallanes Village,

             Makati City ,     PHILIPPINES

                            Swift Code                          MBTCPHMMXXXX




                                                                  19




                                                                                                              P RAGS P01 _0016843
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unfortunately, scholarships are not available from the organizers. You are encouraged to
             seek your own funding from various donor/funding agencies or your own institutions. The
             organizers will rely solely on the congress fees to fund the congress expenses.




             Please email us a copy of the wire transfer / remittance document as soon as funds have been
             remitted. Also, bring this document to the Congress for verification. Payments upon
             arrival are NOT allowed.




             All participants must confirm their attendance on or before July 31, 2008. If we get fully
             booked before this date, you will be informed. This is the reason why you are all
             encouraged to book as early as possible. All accommodation types are available on a first-
             come first - served basis . If you are alone and you would like to request for a twin
             accommodation, we will inform you if we can pair you with another participant, otherwise,
             you may have to pay for a single room. Please send all registration forms to:




             Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)

             4227-4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran, Paranaque City, Metro Manila, Philippines,

             Tel: (632) 8516934; Tele Fax :( 632) 8522112; mobile phone +639184596603

             Email: globalcongress2008@gmail.com <mailto:globalcongress2008@gmail.com>;
             globalcongress2008@capwip.org <mailto:globalcongress2008@capwip.org>; capwip@capwip.org
             <mailto:capwip@capwip.org>

             Web: www.capwip.org <http://www.capwip.org>; www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org
             <http://www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>




             Accommodations beyond the congress period can be arranged. Participants will have to pay
             for the hotel charges in advance to secure the booking. These will also be remitted to the
             CAPWIP account.




             12. Congress Schedule: 19-22 October 2008




             The Congress is scheduled on October 19-22, 2008 Participants are required to arrive one
             day before (Oct. 18) the start of the Congress and leave the day after the last Congress
             day (Oct 23,2008). This fee only includes the accommodation for the Oct 18, 2008 all
             meals for October 18 is for the personal account of the participants. Depending on your
             departure schedule, all meals for the October 23, 2008 except for the breakfast will be on
             the personal account of the participants.  Meals for personal account of the participants
             will have to be paid in cash every time you incur them at the hotel. Charging of personal
                                                           20




                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0016844
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              accounts in restaurant outlets of the hotel will not be allowed.




              13. Target Participants



                    Women Parliamentarians

                     Women in Decision - Making and Governance;

                     Environment Organizations

                     Youth Leaders

                     Media Practitioners

                     Funding/donor agencies/organizations




              Note: The policy of "first come - first served" will be applied in selecting the
              participants from among the applicants. Therefore, it is best that registration is made
              at the earliest possible time.




              14. Medium of Instructions



              English is the medium of Instruction. No translation will be available.




              15. Congress Venue



             The Dusit Hotel

             Makati City, Metro Manila , Philippines




                                                            21




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0016845
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              16.   Accommodations




              The participants ' accommodation will be booked at the Congress venue ( Dusit Hotel) and
              other hotels in the same vicinity, all within walking distance from the Congress venue.
              For purposes of organization , the assignment of the hotels will be on a " first come first
              served" basis . The first that will confirm and pay their fees will be given accommodations
              at the hotel venue.




              17. Food




             The following meals , LUNCH, SNACK and DINNER , will be served at the Dusit Hotel. Breakfast
             will be served at your respective hotels ( if you happen to be billeted at a hotel other
             than the official venue of the congress ). We will be serving a variety of international
             dishes. We will also be serving one "halal " dish and one vegetarian dish with every meal.




             18. Registration Form




             Please fill up the Registration form found in pages 20 to 23 of this document and email it
             back to us together with the following documents:



                    Latest Curriculum Vitae or Bio Data

                    Latest electronic Photo (2x2)

                    One (1 ) page narrative describing your reason / s for participation




             The Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics        ( CAPWIP),

             4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran , Paranaque City, Philippines

             Tel: (632 ) 8516934;Tele Fax? (632 ) 8522112; mobile phone +639184596603

             E-mail: globalcongress2008 @ gmail.com ; globalcongress2008 @ capwip.org;

             capwip@capwip.org <mailto : capwip@capwip . org> Web: www . capwip.org <http: //www.capwip.org>;
             www.onlinewomeninpolitics . org <http: // www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>
                                                             22




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0016846
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              19. How to Get to the Congress Site




              The CAPWIP staff will assist and bring the participants to the venue upon their arrival
              at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA). Representatives from the Department of
              Tourism (DOT) will meet each participant at the immigration arrival section of the airport
              and will escort them to the area where the CAPWIP staff will be waiting. CAPWIP will also
              provide transfer from the venue to the airport.




              20. Reconfirmation of Return Flights




              The CAPWIP Secretariat will assist the participants in the reconfirmation of their return
              flights.




              21. Information about the Philippines




              The Philippines is the third largest English speaking country in the world. It has a rich
              history combining Asian, European, and American influences. Prior to Spanish colonization
              in 1521, the Filipinos had a rich culture and were trading with the Chinese and the
              Japanese. Spain's colonization brought about the construction of Intramuros in 1571, a
              "Walled City" comprised of European buildings and churches, replicated in different parts
              of the archipelago. In 1898, after 350 years and 300 rebellions, the Filipinos, with
              leaders like Jose Rizal and Emilio Aguinaldo, succeeded in winning their independence.




              In 1898, the Philippines became the first and only colony of the United States. Following
              the Philippine-American War, the United States brought widespread education to the
              islands. Filipinos fought alongside Americans during World War II, particularly at the
              famous battle of Bataan and Corregidor which delayed Japanese advance and saved Australia.
              They then waged a guerilla war against the Japanese from 1941 to 1945. The Philippines
              regained its independence in 1946.



                                                              23




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0016847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Filipinos are a freedom-loving people, having waged two peaceful, bloodless revolutions
              against what were perceived as corrupt regimes. The Philippines is a vibrant democracy, as
              evidenced by 12 English national newspapers, 7 national television stations, hundreds of
              cable TV stations, and 2,000 radio stations.




              Filipinos are a fun-loving people. Throughout the islands, there are fiestas celebrated
              everyday and foreign guests are always welcome to their homes.




              Climate: March to May is hot and dry. June to October is rainy, November to February is
              cool. Average temperatures: 78F / 25C to 90F / 32C; humidity is 77%.




              Currency: The Philippines' monetary unit is the Peso, divided into 100 centavos. Foreign
              currency may be exchanged at any hotel, most large department stores, banks, and
              authorized money changing shops accredited by the Central Bank of the Philippines.
              International credit cards such as Visa, Diners Club, Bank of America Card, Master Card,
              and American Express are accepted in major establishments.




              Language: The Philippines is the world's third-largest English-speaking country next to
              the United States and the United Kingdom. There are over 100 regional dialects. The
              national language is Filipino.




              Visa requirements: For most foreign visitors, visas are not needed for stays of less than
              21 days.  Three-month visa can be obtained in advance and cost around US$35. Multiple-
              entry (lasting six to 12 months) visas are also available but are expensive and only allow
              for stays of 59 days at a time. Visa extensions are possible and generally faster to
              obtain in regional areas.




             Basic tourist info: Information and tour brochures are available upon request .          You can
             also the internet for more information on the Philippines:
             <http:// www.wowphilippines . com.ph>.




             22. Information Regarding Visas to the Philippines

                                                          24




                                                                                                      PRA_GS PO I _0016848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The Philippine government allows nationals from certain countries to enter the country
             without visas for a stay not exceeding 21 days, provided they hold valid ticket for their
             return journey to port of origin or next port of destination. The Philippine Foreign
             Affairs Department also requires that passports are valid for a period of not less than
             six (6) months beyond the contemplated period of stay. But Immigration Officers at ports
             of entry may exercise their discretion to admit holders of passports valid for at least
             sixty (60) days beyond the intended period of stay.




             Nationals from the following countries, however, must secure entry visas to the
             Philippines:



                    Afghanistan

                    Albania

                    Algeria

                    Armenia

                    Azerbaijan

                    Bangladesh

                    Belarus

                    Belize

                    Bosnia-Herzegovina

                    China, Peoples Republic of (PROC)

                   Croatia - Regular passport holders only; diplomatic and official passport holders do
             not need entry visas.

                   Cuba     - Regular passport holders only; diplomatic and official passport holders
             do not need entry visas.

                    East Timor*

                    Egypt *

                    Estonia

                    Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM)

                    Georgia

                    India*

                    Iran*

                    Iraq*

                    Jordan*

                    Kazakhstan

                                                            25




                                                                                                       PRA_GS P01 _0016849
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Kyrgyzstan

                    Latvia

                    Lebanon*

                    Libya*

                    Lithuania

                    Moldova

                    Nauru

                    Nigeria*

                    North Korea ( Democratic People's Republic of Korea)*

                    Pakistan*

                    Palestine*

                    Russian Federation

                    Sierra- Leone

                   Slovenia - Regular passport holders only ; diplomatic and official passport holders
             do not need entry visas.

                    Sri Lanka*

                    Sudan*

                    Syria*

                    Tajikistan

                    Tonga

                    Turkmenistan

                    Ukraine

                    Uzbekistan

                    Vanuatu

                    Yemen*

                    Federal Republic of Yugoslavia    ( Serbia/Montenegro)




             * Nationals from these countries may only apply for 9(a) temporary visitor's visa at their
             country of origin or place of legal residence.




             The following are also required entry visas to the Philippines:


                                                              26




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0016850
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Holders of Taiwanese passports

                   Holders of Documents of Identity        ( DI), Certificates of Identity      ( CI) or Travel
             Documents (" Titre de Voyage")

                    Stateless Persons




             The following nationals are allowed to enter the Philippines without a visa for a stay not
             exceeding seven ( 7) days:




                    Holders of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region           ( SAR) passports

                    Holders of British National Overseas       ( BNO) passports

                    Holders of Macau - Portuguese passports

                    Holders of Macau Special Administrative Region           ( SAR) passports




             Important Note:  Nationals who are subjects of deportation /blacklist orders of the
             Department and the Bureau of Immigration shall not be admitted to the Philippines.




             Further inquiries may be addressed to the Visa Division ( Telephone numbers: (63 2
             834-4854; 834-4853   & 834-4961 ),    Department of Foreign Affairs , 2330 Roxas Boulevard,
             Pasay City , Philippines or to any Philippine Embassy or Consulate abroad. Also, visit
             their website at : www.dfa.gov . ph <http: //www.dfa . gov.ph>




             Registration            The Third Global Congress of Women in Politics

                                                           And Governance : Focus on Gender and Climate Change

             Congress Venue: The Dusit Hotel Manila, Makati City,            Philippines

             Congress Schedule :     19-22 October, 2008



                 Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics       ( CAPWIP)

             4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran ,    Paranaque City, Philippines

             ? Tel (632) 8516934; Tele Fax? (632 )    8522112 ; mobile phone + 639184596603

             E-mail: globalcongress2008 @ gmaii.com <mailto:globalcongress2008 @ gmail.com>;
             globalcongress2008 @ capwip.org <mailto:globalcongress2008@capwip.org >; capwip@capwip.org
                                                           27




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_ 0016851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              <mailto:capwip@capwip.org>

              Web: www .capwip.org <http:// www.capwip . org>          www . onlinewomeninpolitics.org
              <http://www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>




              Name
              Sex     (    )   female          (   )     male




              Designation                                                                       organization




              Educational background




              Address




              Tel    no.                               Fax   no.                            E-mail address




              Website:




              who is funding your participation?                                                  How did you come to
              know about this congress?



              Seminars/Trainings/congresses attended related to gender and governance:




                                                                      28




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0016852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              What do you expect to learn or achieve from this Congress?




                                                           29
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Congress Cost Per participant with Twin Sharing Accommodation:

             One thousand five hundred fifty five US Dollars (US$ 1,550.)



                    Congress Cost Per participant with Single Room Accommodation:

             One thousand nine hundred fifty US Dollars (US$ 1,950)




             These fees are inclusive of:



                    Congress    fees

                    Transfer in and out of the hotel

                    Accommodations at the designated hotels

                    All congress materials

                    All meals during the congress

                    Accommodations(excluding meals) for one night before the congress (October 18,2008)




             This fee, which does not include airfare and airport terminal fees, is non-refundable and
             must be paid in advance as soon as the reservation to the congress is confirmed. Congress
             fee payments should be sent/remitted to:




             Account Name                      Center for Asia-Pacific Women in       Politics    or   CAPWIP

             Account Number :                  710 271000417 4

             Account Type                          U.S. Dollar Savings Account

             Bank's Name          Metropolitan Bank and Trust Company (METROBANK)

             Bank's Address                  Magallanes Branch, Paseo de               Magallanes, Magallanes
             Village, Makati City, PHILIPPINES

                            Swift Code                           MBTCPHMMXXXX




                                                                  30




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016854
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please email us a copy of the wire transfer / remittance document as soon as funds have been
             remitted. Also, bring this document to the Congress for verification. Payments upon
             arrival are NOT allowed.




             Unfortunately, scholarships are not available from the organizers. You are encouraged to
             seek your own funding from donor/funding agencies or your own institutions. The
             organizers will rely solely on the congress fees to fund the congress expenses.




             All participants must confirm their attendance on or before July 31, 2008. Upon receipt of
             the confirmation of attendance by the Congress secretariat, payment for the congress fees
             should be remitted immediately.  All accommodation types are available on a first-come
             first-served basis.




             Please send the registration form and other pertinent documents to:




             Center for Asia Pacific Women in Politics (CAPWIP)

             4227-4229 Tomas Claudio Street Baclaran ,       Paranaque City,   Metro Manila ,   Philippines,

             Tel: (632 )   8516934; Tele Fax:(632 )   8522112 ;   mobile phone + 639184596603

             Email: globalcongress2008 @ gmail.com <mailto:globalcongress200B @ gmail.com>;
             globalcongress2O08 @ capwip.org <mailto:globalcongress2008 @ capwip.org>; capwip@ capwip.org
             <mailto:capwip @ capwip.org>

             Web: www.capwip . org <http: // www.capwip . org>; www . onlinewomeninpolitics.org
             <http:// www.onlinewomeninpolitics.org>




             Accommodations




                                                                  31




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP0I _0016855
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please check accommodations needed:



                Twin Sharing accommodations     ( US Dollars US$1,550. per person)



                Single Room accommodations     ( US Dollars US$ 1,950 .       per person)




             Flight details and Information:




             Please specify expected dates of arrival and departure from the Philippines (if available)



            Arrival: ( date )                  ( time )                        ( airline & flight details)


            Departure :( date)                    (time )                   ( airline & Flt
            details)




             Special Dietary Requests:




                                                                  32




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0016856
