Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Friday, May 02, 2008 3:07 PM
             To:                     Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
             Subject:                Re: Cordova Center


             Thank you so much! I don't have all the details re: this Fed-level project, but I know if
             you've been a part of the deliberations it will be good... I am confident it will be
             dollars put to good use. Thanks AG!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@ alaska.gov>



             Date: Fri, 02 May 2008 14:41:11

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

             Subject: Cordova Center




             Dear Governor Palin,

                    After the cabinet meeting I joined Comm. Hartig and Comm. Lloyd in Cordova for a
             special town meeting for the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Trustees. With the three federal
             trustees we held six hours of public hearings about using 6.9 miilion trust dollars to
             help fund the proposed 21 million dollar Cordova Center. In a town of 2,000 people 189
             signed up and everyone who testified was in favor of the project. Not one dissent. The
             council can only act by unanimous vote and one federal trustee seemed determined to not
             approve.  However, shortly after midnight and long discussion we all agreed to move
             forward.  All morning in Cordova people came up to us to express their appreciation and
             excitement about the approval.  While it is not "state money" and is not funded by state
             action I would note that in this instance public confusion about who administers and runs
             the trustee council worked to your benefit as some people testified that they hoped the
             Palin administration would make this happen. In any event the town of Cordova is happy
             and a good project which will build a public meeting place, museum, library and science
             center is now probably going to happen if they can confirm their other funding sources.
             Talis




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0016857
