Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governorralaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Friday, May 02, 2008 12:43 PM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Thursday, May 01, 2008 8:30 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Mr. Tim Bishop

              address: 3914 Sweetwater Dr Valdosta GA 31602

               229-333-9606



              MESSAGE:

              Governor Palin,



              As the father of two children with Down Syndrome (1 biological and 1 adopted) I would like
              to congratulate you on the birth of your "Downy Baby." Trig will indeed be a challenge at
              times, but there is nothing sweeter than a DS child giving you a hug that represents truly
              unconditional love.  Oh, if only everyone could enjoy that kind of experience, we would
              never have to worry about our children's future again.



              As governor, please use your "bully pulpit" to advocate for all Down Syndrome children,
              even those not yet born. As you probably know, the vast majority of Down Syndrome
              children diagnosed in utero, are aborted. How sad that those families will miss the great
              blessing that comes with the arrival of a child with Down Syndrome. I'm sure you know the
              concerns we have that our children will become so unique that in the future they/we will
              have to battle for resources and support. Maybe our actions will help to change the
              hearts and minds of future parents.



             In closing, I would like to include one of the most beutiful and inspirational messages
             about children with disabilities I have ever read. It is by Emily Perl Kingsley and I'm
             sure someone has already shared it with you. But just in case...



             Welcome to Holland

             by Emily Perl Kingsley
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            P RA_GSP01 _0016867
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I am often asked to describe the experience of raising a child with a disability - to try
             to help people who have not shared that unique experience to understand it, to imagine how
             it would feel. It's like this...



             When you're going to have a baby, it ' s like planning a fabulous vacation trip - to Italy.
             You buy a bunch of guide books and make your wonderful plans . The Coliseum . Michelangelo's
             David . The gondolas in Venice . You may learn some handy phrases in Italian . It's all very
             exciting.



             After months of eager anticipation, the day finally arrives. You pack your bags and off
             you go. Several hours later, the plane lands. The stewardess comes in and says , "Welcome
             to Holland."



             "Holland?!? " you say . " What do you mean Holland?? I signed up for Italy ! I'm supposed to
             be in Italy . All my life I've dreamed of going to Italy."



             But there ' s been a change in the flight plan . They've landed in Holland and there you must
             stay.



             The important thing is that they haven't taken you to a horrible , disgusting , filthy
             place, full of pestilence , famine and disease. It ' s just a different place.



             So you must go out and buy new guide books . And you must learn a whole new language. And
             you will meet a whole new group of people you would never have met.



             It's just a different place. It ' s slower - paced than Italy, less flashy than Italy. But
             after you ' ve been there for a while and you catch your breath , you look around ... and you
             begin to notice that Holland has windmills ... and Holland has tulips . Holland even has
             Rembrandts.



             But everyone you know is busy coming and going from Italy... and they're all bragging
             about what a wonderful time they had there. And for the rest of your life, you will say
             "Yes, that's where I was supposed to go. That ' s what I had planned."



             And the pain of that will never, ever , ever, ever go away... because the loss of that
             dream is a very, very significant loss.



             But... if you spend your life mourning the fact that you didn't get to Italy, you may
             never be free to enjoy the very special, the very lovely things ... about Holland.




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0016868
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Copyright © 1987 by Emily Perl Kingsley



              Overjoyed for your wonderful blessing,

              Tim Bishop

              Valdosta, GA




              timothy.bishop@ mac.com




                                                            3
