Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



                  Unknown

                   From:     Rowland, Mindy B (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MBROWLAND]
                   Sent:     Friday, May 02, 2008 10:30 AM
                   To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
                   Subject: FW: ANWR

                 FYI. This is in response to the press release a couple days ago commenting on President Bush's statements
                 about the need to open ANWR. Let me know if you have any questions.

                 Thanks
                 Mindy

                 Mindy Rowland
                 Deputy Legislative Director
                 Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                 465-4021

                 From: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)
                 Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 10:20 AM
                 To: 'Carl Gatto'
                 Subject : RE: ANWR

                 Dear Representative Gatto,

                 Thank you for sharing this information; it is very insightful. Your ability to demonstrate the link between the need
                 to open ANWR and the impact the current high fuel prices are having on many of our nation's farmers and
                 American families who must buy the groceries is valuable. Keep up the good work and please keep us in the
                 Governor's office posted on your continuing efforts.

                 Thank you
                 Mindy

                 Mindy Rowland
                 Deputy Legislative Director
                 Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                 465-4021

                 From: Carl Gatto [mailto:cgatto@mtaonline.net]
                 Sent: Thursday, May 01, 2008 6:55 PM
                 To: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)
                 Cc: 'Rick Vanderkolk'
                 Subject: ANWR

                 Dear Mindy,

                 I read with interest your e-mail detailing the President's comments on ANWR. You may be interested in
                 another ANWR event from last week. Hopefully you can relay this information to interested parties?

                 Last week I attended the quarterly NCSL meeting in D.C. where I serve as vice chair on the
                 Agriculture, Energy and the Environment Committee. A part of our committee duties is to detail to
                 the congress our position on national matters explaining our position on issues of national importance.
                 We are a major organization and where we stand is treated with high regard. Position statements are



                 8/28/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0016871
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                  difficult to attain at NCSL because each must pass with a % vote from those member states in
                  attendance.

                 Our committee also went to Capitol Hill to meet with DOA (Agriculture ) officials for an in depth
                 discussion . During our discussion I discovered that DOA officials were surprised to learn that TAPS
                 would some day require demobilization , removal, and remediation (DR& R) when production drops
                 below 250,000 bbls/day. Agriculture officials are very concerned with immigration policy but also with
                 the price of fuel and the rising cost to produce agricultural products . Although some corn farmers are
                 prospering some beef producers are devastated . Department officials were again quite surprised to
                 learn that peak Alaska oil production was 2 .2 million bbl/day back in the early 80's and is currently
                 producing 650,000 bblday today . We also noted that Alaskan production continues to decline 6%/year
                 and production would cease altogether at some time in the future unless new petroleum finds are found
                 and produced . The three officials had never heard that before and asked if our Congressional
                 delegation was aware . I informed our hosts that it was and has always been clear to them. The
                 department head then advised me that this information would have to be bumped upstairs to officials
                 more important than they. I replied that the most important officials were sitting right here at the table,
                 the citizens of the country . That caused a brief silence followed by an acknowledgment , then some
                 modest applause . Maybe we are making progress ; I hope so.

                 Our next NCSL meeting takes place in New Orleans in July and member states appear sympathetic to
                 Alaska's role in helping with the energy crisis . When I polled the AEE membership at the last meeting
                 it appeared that we have the a vote needed to pass an ANWR resolution . Fortunately a number of our
                 members represent farm states and oil producing states . Each state is entitled to a single vote and
                 Alaska's ANWR position enjoys wide support. I believe ANWR oil will flow into TAPS in 8 years if we
                 continue our efforts . This next meeting is an important step and I am committed to make it happen.

                 Thank you for your involvement.

                 Representative Carl Gatto




                 8/28/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0016872
