Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                   Sunday, May 04, 2008 11:50 AM
           To:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
           Subject:                Re: Juneau rd


           Thanks Randy!

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



           Date: Sun, 04 May 2008 11:42:58

           To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: Juneau rd




           Thanks Governor:



           I will pass on the direction to Leo and DOT tomorrow and I will review the budget again to
           see if there are any new funds for the project.



           I'll work with Sharon and Roseanne tomorrow on the status of Juneau Access and how to
           respond to any media inquiries for when the Corps permit is issued . ( I think we still have
           some time before this happens , but it' s hard to say)



           On a side note, Dee Hanson from the Alaska Airmen's Association called. She was very
           thankful for your time at the air show yesterday, and got some great photos. I can check
           in with her about a short story in their trade magazine about the bill, etc. In addition
           to positive press for us, a story would help get the word out to the operators about the
           loan program and who to contact to use the program.




           Randy



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 11:03 AM

           To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)


                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0016891
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Subject: Re: Juneau rd



          Correct- we shall not go out with any bids, and hopefully we won't find any budget line
          items pertaining to the project that we did not know about. Thanks for your good info.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From:   " Ruaro , Randall P (GOV)" < randall.ruaro @ alaska.gov>



          Date: Sun, 04 May 2008 09:58:42

          To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Subject: RE: Juneau rd




          Governor:



          Good morning. I do not believe there is any new money in the capital budget for work on
          Juneau Access .  As I understand it, the project is on hold until the Corps permit becomes
          final. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Persona l M ated a Redacted




          Randy



                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0016892
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Sun 5/4/2008 7:14 AM

            To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Cc: Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject: Juneau rd




           Leo- ADN wrote an editorial today re: continued work and expenditure on Juneau Rd. There
           needs to be clarification on my position there, which I thought we expressed to interested
           lawmakers two weeks ago - the letter explained that the Corps had not permitted it, and
           there were many hurdles it seemed before the possibility of permitting... so I don't know
           what "continued work" is that ADN is writing about. Is there money in the budget for the
           more Juneau rd planning? If there is, I need to know where it is, how much, etc. The rd is
           not a priority for our admin, esp knowing the Corps may not even permit it.



           I'm not clear on what the ADN refers to re: cont work on the project, except for the fact
           we're waiting for the Corps to tell us whether it is even permittable. If it is, THEN
           policy decisions are made regarding spending any more money on this project or not. What
           money is being spent today, before we even know of the Corps' decision? My understanding
           is we're NOT spending money on the project at this time, that it's essentially at a stand-
           still until Corps does its thing with its evaluation. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0016893
