Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES)
           Sent:                    Sunday, May 04, 2008 8:46 AM
           To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 Re: Juneau rd


           You did say on camera recently with Bill McAllister that you opposed this road project.




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Cc: Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Sent: Sun May 04 07:14:42 2008

           Subject: Juneau rd



           Leo- ADN wrote an editorial today re: continued work and expenditure on Juneau Rd. There
           needs to be clarification on my position there, which I thought we expressed to interested
           lawmakers two weeks ago - the letter explained that the Corps had not permitted it, and
           there were many hurdles it seemed before the possibility of permitting... so I don't know
           what "continued work" is that ADN is writing about. Is there money in the budget for the
           more Juneau rd planning? If there is, I need to know where it is, how much, etc. The.rd is
           not a priority for our admin, esp knowing the Corps may not even permit it.



          I'm not clear on what the ADN refers to re: cont work on the project, except for the fact
          we're waiting for the Corps to tell us whether it is even permittable. If it is, THEN
          policy decisions are made regarding spending any more money on this project or not. What
          money is being spent today, before we even know of the Corps' decision? My understanding
          is we're NOT spending money on the project at this time, that it's essentially at a stand-
          still until Corps does its thing with its evaluation. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0016903
