Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Sunday, May 04, 2008 8:31 AM
          To:                      Frank Bailey
          Subject:                 Re: Ear


          True - amazing how that had been working though... The Gov's office being the bad guys for
          the entire past year. "Duck and run" seemed to have been the mantra.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>



          Date: Sun, 4 May 2008 09:26:07

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Re: Ear




          A really good lesson from this should be:

       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          I know there are necessary deviations from that and this is water under the bridge, but
          Tib's signature should've been on the letter that he crafted.



          Sheila was supposed to be out of town and Sharon hasn't had her "friday ear" sessions with
          Sheila lately because of that. I think that was helping. Hopefully she can start that up
          this next week even if she is still outta town.



          F



          gov.sarah@yahoo.com wrote: Sharon- any idea why Shelia has referenced twice now "the nasty
          letter Sarah wrote to Lyda" (she's refering to the letter Tibbles and Balash wrote to her
          on April 18, I presume)? What was perceived as so nasty about it I wonder?



         I did ask the guys if they wanted to put their name on it when they presented it to me for
         my signature - of course they wouldn't - but the last few communications from the guys to
         Lyda, with my signature, sure have been capitalized upon by Shelia. Guess this is a lesson
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0016906
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           that the letters could have been tweaked more - but any idea why Shelia perceives them as
           she has?

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                       2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0016907
