Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 9:53 AM
           To:                      'northerninsulation@yahoo.com'
           Subject :                RE: Fish-and-Game


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 4:17 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Fish-and-Game




           Web mail from: Ms. Shannan Freel

           address: PO Box 81913 Fairbanks AK 99708

             907-455-6379




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           i am very apalled, disappointed, and frankly disgusted that the State would put a project
           the size of the Ruth Burnett Sport Fish Hatchery or any size job for that matter out and
           not have the Buy American Act apply!!!! People wonder why there is a shortage of jobs here
           in America and our Country is headed into a recession, well here is one of the reasons. I
           think any State or Government funded jobs should all apply to the Buy American Act not
           just our Military bases. I am a contractor and I could save money and get more work if I
           bought my material from another country but I refuse to do that because I refuse to be a
           part of something that would help take jobs away from Americans even if I have to lose a
           few bids and work as well, at least I can sleep better at night knowing I wasn't part of
           the problem. I know many others who feel the same way and I bet more will agree when I
           write the editors of the news papers about it as well. I along with others feel this is a
           disgrace to America

            I voted for you and I would really appreciate knowing if there is something you can and
           will do about this.



           Sincerely,


                                                                 1




                                                                                                             P RAGS P01 _0016923
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Shannan Freel



          northerninsulation@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0016924
