Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From .,                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:02 AM
           To:                      Benedict; Nichole M (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject :                FW: Legal-and-lawsuits




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 7:43 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Legal_and_lawsuits



           Web mail from: Ms. Mary Newton

           address: 15724 W. New Ct. Big Lake AK 99652




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,



           First of all - Congratulations on a beautiful baby boy!



           I have tried 2-3 times to recieve an answer from the site on tobacco tax
            (mailto:tax.cigarette@alaska.gov), however, the e-mail always comes back as undeliverable.
           I then tried your office and recieved a reply that someone would respond to my question.
           well .......... I still have the same question and no answer. At first it was just a
           question.that a few of us were wondering about - and I picked the short straw to find out
           - now it is a matter of principle to find the answer. so here we go:



           I know about the cigarette tax as I have a friend that had ordered from "Outside" and had
           to pay the tax. Now - how is the tax figured on 'other tobacco products' such as snuff,
           cigars and pipe tobacco. I see on the State site that it is a percent of the "wholesale"
           price from the producer. How would a person know that when the order would be placed
           through a distributor? I looked at our friends tax form and still don't understand how to
           figure the tax. I asked at a department store and they didn't know but there is no state
           stamp on any of the 'other tobacco' products they said. I don't smoke (or chew) so like I
           said - it is a matter of principle now to find this out. Could you also have the
           department send me a state tax form sample on how it would be filled out for a personal
           order for 'other tobacco products'.




                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016919
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           We don't understand all the high legal verbage so please keep the answer in simple
           everyday language.  I would sure like to prove to the others that I can get a clear answer
           from the State.



           Thank you for taking the time for this.

           Mary N.



           dutchy@mtaonline.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1 _0016920
