Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Monday, May 05, 2008 4:00 PM
            To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                Re: Did they say why king air is going down again?


           Hmmm- thought it was imperative that I be here for AGIA messaging to lawmakers and
           Alaskans. We'll have to get clarification on this- and more details about this travel.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



            -----Original Message-----

           From: " Mason , Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 05 May 2008 09:31:33

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Cc:"Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

           Subject: RE: Did they say why king air is going down again?




           These interviews will be set up by the PR Consulting Firm that DNR hired

           regarding AGIA.      They are working to set up interviews with New York.

           Times, Washington Post, Wall St. Journal,            Business Week, Forbes Magazine

           and personal interview w/Steve Forbes. Mr. Forbes is only available on

           May 29.     You would have one day in New York for interviews and one day

           in Washington, DC for interviews. Janice




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

           Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 9:05 AM

           To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Re: Did they say why king air is going down again?



           Who what where etc is this media trip?

           Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One
                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0016934
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 05 May 2008 09:05:27

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

           Subject: RE: Did they say why king air is going down again?




           Bob stated that it is due to maintenance. After it flies so many hours

           it has to go in for a check up. It should only be a 10-day check up.



           Also, I.have been asked to notify you of an upcoming Media Trip that

           would need to happen on May 28 (you would depart this day). This is the

           beginning of the AGIA Briefings that you would start off with and then

           fly out to New York for a day of Media May 29 and then to Washington, DC

           for a day of Media May 30. In talking with Bruce Anders he stated that

           as long as you were here for the beginning opening of the AGIA Briefings

           that should be fine. They do not feel that there is any other time more

           appropriate then those dates for the media availability for AGIA. This

           is something that would need to be set up right away so that we do not

           lose this opportunity.           Thanks, Janice




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto: gov.sarah@yahoo.comj

           Sent :   Monday ,   May 05 ,   2008 8:56 AM

           To: Mason ,    Janice L (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Did they say why king air is going down again?




                                                                    2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                        3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

                From :     ETS Help Center [help_center@admin.state.ak.us]
                Sent:      Tuesday, May 06, 2008 7:08 AM
                To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Password expiration warning
               The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Thursday May 8th , 2:34 PM.
               In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
               password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
               Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
               characters:

                      · upper case alphabet
                      · lower case alphabet
                      · numbers
                      · punctuation or symbols

               Prior passwords may not be re-used.

               important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
               and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
               applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
               may need to be updated or deleted.

               Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
               assistance related to changing passwords.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0016937
