Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:00 AM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: State Chamber Legislative Wrap-Up is Wednesday May 7



              From : Lisa Reinhart [mailto : lreinhart@alaskachamber.com]
              Sent: Friday, May 02, 2008 5:51 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: State Chamber Legislative Wrap-Up is Wednesday May 7



              Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
               May 2, 2008 E-News

              There is Still Time to Join the Alaska State Chamber for a Legislative
              Wrap Up

                   Wednesday, May 7th at Hilton Anchorage Hotel
                   Legislative Scorecard on 25th Legislature and Issues facing Alaska's Business Environment
                   BP and ConocoPhillips Provide a Project Update on the Denali: The Alaska Gas Pipeline at
                     Luncheon
                   View Detailed Speaker Schedule Attached
                   Choose One Combined Rate for Full Session or for Luncheon Only
                   Luncheon Menu Below
              Register at www.alaskachamber.com or register here. Register
              today!

              State Chamber members and non-members may choose a combined rate to attend the morning and
              luncheon sessions or choose to one rate and attend the luncheon session only. The cost for the
              combined morning and luncheon session is $75 for members/$95 for non-members . Registration for the
              luncheon session only is available for members at $35 , and for non-members at $45.

                                                      Grand Lunch Buffet
                                                  Selection of Three Salads:
                                  Mixed Greens Garnished with Cucumbers and Tomato Wedges
                                             Red Potato Salad with Dijon Dressing
                                                        Ambrosia Salad
                                                       Entree Selection:
                                                 Roast Sirloin of Stuffed Pork
                                    Seasoned Loin of Pork Served with Cranberry Walnut Sage Stuffing
                                                      Vegetable Lasagna
                            Pasta Layered Vegetables and a Smooth Cheese Sauce, Baked Until Golden Brown
                                                   Chefs Accompaniments:
                                                         Dessert Station
                                 Freshly Brewed Regular and Decaffeinated Coffee, a Selection of
                                               Premium Teas and Iced Tea by the Glass




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0016929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


               Thank You To The Following Businesses for Sponsorship Support:

               Please join the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce in saying thank you to the following statewide businesses for
               their sponsorship support of the 2008 Legislative Wrap-Up by visiting them on the web:

               Chevron USA, Wells Fargo, BP and ConocoPhillips , Barrick Gold of North America. Pioneer Resources of
               Alaska , Shell Exploration of Alaska and Totem Ocean Trailer Express.

               You can build important relationships with your fellow State Chamber business members through sponsorship of
               Alaska State Chamber events and imprint your company brand. Please phone Lisa Reinhart, Development
               Director at (907) 278-2727 or email Ireinhart@alaskachamber.com to request our 2008 Fall Conference and
               Business Trade Show and 2008 Legislative Tie-In event sponsorship menus and benefit structure outlines.

               The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce is a 501 c(6) organization. Its vision is to be the Voice of Alaska
               Business. Our mission is to drive positive change for Alaska's business environment and to improve our member
               organizations by providing leadership, advocacy, connectivity and support. For more information visit
               www.alaskachamber.com.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0016930
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From:      ETS Help Center [help_center@admin. state.ak.us]
                Sent:      Monday, May 05, 2008 7:09 AM
                To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Password expiration warning
               The password for SOA useriD 'govsp' expires Thursday May 8th , 2:34 PM.
               In most state agencies, this is not the useriD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
               password can be changed using the SOA Password Change oage or Outlook Web Access.
               Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
               characters:

                       upper case alphabet
                       lower case alphabet
                       numbers
                       punctuation or symbols

               Prior passwords may not be re-used.

               Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
               and continue to use an old password after it has been changed , possibly triggering lockout. Such
               applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password . These stored passwords
               may need to be updated or deleted.

               Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
               assistance related to changing passwords.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0016931
