Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 11:36 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Health-Care




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent :   Saturday, May 03, 2008 9:54 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Health Care



           Web mail from: Ms. Marlene White

           address: 6202 Dry Den Court Indianapolis IN 46221

            317-856-7899




           MESSAGE:

           Hello:

             I just read of your positive response to your baby's diagnosis of Down's syndrome. My
           friend had a baby with Trisomy 21, a certain type of retardation. He has a 46 IQ I

          believe.  But his mother would not hear of him not becoming a cadet firefighter when he
          was of age. He went to special classes at the local high school and was the person who
          received the most applause and high-fives from the total group of graduates that year. He
          was very popular because he is overwhelmingly friendly , and engages in small talk better
          than I can. The local firefighters, once Mom had faced off with the Captain, not only
          accepted him, but all began to love him. He is very bold-hearted and was their favorite
          to fill the oxygen canisters they would be carrying, because he was very sequential and
          did it just right. I remember reading in Corrie Ten Boom's autobiography, 'The Hiding
          Place' that prior to being imprisoned by Hitler's Reich, she taught retarded folks about
          Christianity.  Until I met Joey, I wondered why she wasted her time. Now I know just how
          precious and unique a person who is 'different' can be.   He has a shrewd and outrageous.
          sense of humor, and more

           young adult friends who pick him up and take him with them, than anyone else that I know
          in the neighborhood.  Also, I remember hearing Paul Harvey, radio commentator, mention one
          time 2 children that I believe were retarded; the doctor said to institutionalize them.
          Instead the parents worked their legs and worked their minds as they grew, and the two are
          now school teachers. I believe it was more than cerebral palsy, because I was amazed as a
          nurse, when I heard what had been accomplished. That info is probably in the archives of
          the Paul Harvey show. If you want to contact Tami Scanland, Joey's mother, who says she
          led support group for mothers with similar diagnoses, and hear how she did not let Joey be
          different than her other children, her phone number is 317-856-7899. You can use my name.
          Joey is now 23 and very socially active and his mother and father are now foster parenting
          a family of 4 children. Joey lives at home as well.     Blessings to you in your parenting
          and


                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016946
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            in your governing.

                           Marlene White



          mywhitel@prodigy.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0016947
