Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Monday, May 05, 2008 11:27 AM
             To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 6:39 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Sharon Bettura

             address: 130 Brookpark Dr. Canfield OH 44406

              3305330863




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin:   Congratulations on the birth of your beautiful new son. It is very
             reassuring to read about families who see the true gift of every person is unconditional.
             Everyone has a gift to give. My son Joseph will be 22 years old on June 2, 2008. 1 am so
             appreciative of the insights and growth that I have been able to experience as Joseph's
             mother.  I was only 23 years old and just graduating from college at the time of his
             birth.  My naivety allowed me to see beyond the expectations that society had for my son
             and I gained the confidence to follow my gut in making the many necessary decision
             regarding education and child-rearing for Joseph.   While I had many situations of doubt
             about my decisions, I followed my heart. Joseph is finishing his last year of high school
             as he was able to stay in school until the age of 22. My husband and I expected,
             encouraged and demanded that Joseph be educated along side his typically-developing peers
             since the preschool years.   As

            such, he has been in the regular classroom environment not because he was developmentally
            able but. because it was his right. A personal aide assisted the teacher each year with
            carrying out the necessary modifications to the curriculum to ensure that Joseph's goals
            and objectives were met. My goal always has been that Joseph learn appropriate behavior
            because this is how people are judged and included in today's society. If you ever
            observed Joseph in our community at the school events, in the marching band (he plays the
            drums), on the bowling team or in the drama club you would be able to see that learning
            goes way beyond pencil and paper. Joseph was fortunate to be born in a time of change.
            When people were learning to be more accepting of people who appear different. Today, it
            is even more ideal as there is so much more information and positive views portrayed of
            people with differences in our society. I wish you well and pray that God will continue
            to give you the inner-stren

             gth to raise your son to his fullest potel

             ntial.   My position is quite simple--God did not put Joseph on this earth to be a great
             learner.   He will never run the fastest, speak the clearest or learn at the most advanced
             level.   This is because God put Joseph on earth to be a teacher--but we must open our
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016962
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             hearts and minds in order to truly learn the lessons that he can teach us.

             Bless your family--Sharon Bettura



             contractorbig4 @zoominternet.net




                                                          2
