Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 11:17 AM
             To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: General-Administration




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 4:53 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: General Administration




             Web mail from: Ms. charlene fernandes

             address : 49 truby st granby MA 01033




             MESSAGE:

             Hello. I want to congratulate you and your family on the birth of your new baby. I have a
             sister with down syndrome. My sister, died at 63 years old, in 2003. I had my son at age
             42 and told the doctor, I would not have any testing. What God gave me I would accept and
             love.  I prayed to God that if he was to give me a baby with a handicap to give me one
             like my sister. Let me tell you, my sister is and was the best person in our families
             lives. She is an angel. Because of my parents she could read, write, and do many many
             things. That was unheard of over 60 years ago. My Mom had my sister, Mary when she was 24
             and had me when she was 40. I loved my sister with my whole heart and pray and think about
             her daily. My son who is now 8, loved her dearly. She played with him and he could not
             wait to be with her. He still remembers her. Be proud of your child and thank God for your
             angel. God only gives these special babies to special families. I know that now. And in
             todays world, who is

             so called normal? And who made up the description of normal anyway? In my eyes my sister
             was the normal one, unselfish, kind, loving, and understanding one. I learned alot from
             her and truly I wish I was more like her. I thank God everyday that he gave me my sister.
             And I would give anything to put my arms around her again. God Bless you and give your
             baby a big hug. You truly are the parents of an angel . Remember that.   Times will be
             hard, but when you look into your childs eyes you will see love .  God Bless you and your
             family..

             Sincerely

             Charlene Fernandes

             Massachusetts



             charlenefer@aol.com

                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0016970
