Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Monday, May 05 , 2008 11:06 AM
             To:                     Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us)

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 4:27 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Mr. David Engel

             address: 5825 Fifth Ave., #A-1 Pittsburgh PA 15232

               (412) 363-3367




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,

             I read about the birth of your daughter this evening in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette.
             Although we have never met I wanted to impart some wisdom from an "old Warrior" who when
             diagnosed with cancer at 4 months was not expected to live, let alone walk, hold a job or
             live independently.  55 Years ago I was the first child in Pittsburgh to survive
             experimental radiation therapy for an aggressive spinal cord tumor. My Parents had no
             place to go for help, consultation, or guidance to assist them in directing my health care
             and how we as a family over could over come my illness.



             Today as an adult who has a multi-page resume', I look back and realize that the love,
             persistence, and belief my parents had in me caused my success .  For the past 25 years I
             have worked as an advocate for persons with disabilities in the Pittsburgh. Follow your
             heart and see the value of all people. While not being an achiever in all areas of daily
             living I have learned how to ski using adaptive equipment, I paddled 180 miles of the
             Allegheny River water shed while not being able to walk more than 100 feet, and I have
             attended international conferences on disability issues . Without the support and
             persistence of my parents I doubt I would have graduated high school much less attend
             college.



             With this background I humbly recommend that you acquire a kitchen cabinet consisting of
             other parents with similar circumstances and perhaps a grizzled experienced veteran from
             your local Center for Independent Living.



             Please feel free contact me if I can be of any help.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0016976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Dave Engel



            PS I would suggest you get in touch with Ginny Thornburg, former First Lady of
            Pennsylvania about her experiences of raising a child with cognitive issues under the eyes
            of the press in the Governor ' s Mansion . And if you give her my regards as we have been
            friends for over 40 years.



            daveengel @aol.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0016977
