Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 11:04 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 4:17 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Janet King

             address :   257 N Calderwood Street #327 Alcoa TN 37701




            MESSAGE:

             Gov. Palin,

               Today I read a news article on you and your new son . As the mother of a special needs
             child (also with a Trisomy condition, not Trisomy 21, as your son has, but Trisomy 14
             mosaic partial) all I can say is "YOU GO, GIRL!!!!"



               We climbed aboard the trisomy roller coaster in May of 2003 when our daughter, Hannah,
             was born. It has been (and continues to be) an interesting journey but one we wouldn't
             trade for the world. As is your son, Hannah is perfect just the way she is. :)



              I know that as governor you are a very busy woman, but if you ever have the time I would
            like to invite you to see Hannah's web site. We put it together to help other trisomy
            families, especially for the rarer trisomies, find support and information. There is also
            a link there to Hannah's story. You can find it at www.trisomykidsarespecial.com



               Blessings as you and your family enjoy Trig!



            Janet King



            jlvking@soapboxorations.com




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016978
