Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:54 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

            Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 3:28 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Wendy Cartozzo

            address: 20 Devereaux Drive Destrehan LA 70047

              985-764-4054




            MESSAGE:

            Hi Sarah,

            My name is Wendy and I am also a mother of a son with Down Syndrome. I just want to
            CONGRATULATE you on the birth of your beautiful new baby boy.    You seem to already
            realize how lucky and blessed you are, but let me just confirm for you what an AMAZING,
            BEAUTIFUL, FUNNY, LOVEABLE, FRIENDLY, and VERY POPULAR little gift from God that you and
            your family have been blessed with.    I know things seem overwhelming right now, but I
            PROMISE you, he is going to do everything that any other typical child will do, some
            things just may take a bit longer for him to learn, on the other hand, some things won't.
            My son, Evan, is 10 years old and can play the piano by ear.    Yes, he has taught himself
            how to play and he is incredible! I can't do that - and actually neither can anyone else
            I know of... I love the sentence you said about asking the question, what is normal, and
            what is "perfect". I love that! It is more true than I think you realize.      I think Evan
            is the "normal" one around he

            re, treating everyone with love and kindness, never judging anyone, making everyone he has
            ever met melt when they see him and trip over themselves to come and talk to him and get
            their hug, and always seeing the happy/positive side of everthing.    I think if everyone
            in this world were more like him, wow - what.a wonderful world this would be!

            You don't know me at all, but from one Mom to another, if you ever need someone to talk
            to, ask questions , or whatever - I am here if you need me .  Once again , Congratulations!

            Sincerely,

            Wendy Cartozzo



            wendycartozzo@cox.net

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016993
