Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govl
             Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:55 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 3:30 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Christine Staples

             address: 411 Carrington Ave Woonsocket RI 02895




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Honorable Govenor Palin:




             I recently read via the internet about the birth of your son Trig. I wish to congratulate
             you personally from my small corner of the world. I am nearing 40 and have a 38 year old
             brother with downs, my best and most loyal friend! I wish you to know that he brings joy
             to everyone around him.



              Your family will experience love through Trig's eyes like never before. He is a beautiful
             baby and know this from someone who's experienced many facets of the down syndrome
             blessing, both you and your family have been given a precious gift from God, Downs
             children are pure souls with love, love and more love.



              My brother foster's caring always, no personal ambition gets in the way Trig will be a
            great asset to your life, and don't be fooled, as he grows you will learn more from him
            than he will. from you,first and foremost the meaning of unconditional love and unyielding
            compassion, sure to make you an even greater person and political leader, just follow his
            lead, greatness will be waiting. God Bless and congratulations to you and you family from
            RI. You are truly lucky people.



            Christine Staples, proud sister of David Marquis




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0016990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           cstaplesl@cox.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0016991
