Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
            Sent:                     Monday, May 05, 2008 10:50 AM
            To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From :   WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov.state . ak.us)

            Sent: Saturday, May 03,       2008 3:05 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Lisa Schaffran-Lynch

            address: 127 Lazywood Lane Tivertonr RI 02878




            MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




            Congratulations on your new baby.

           I live in RI and read the wonderful news of the birth of your son. I am the proud mother
           of an 18 year old daughter with special needs. She does not have Down syndrome, just an
           undiagnosed developmental delay.

           Having a child with special needs changed my life and it took me about 3 years to go from
           'why me'to why not me".



           My life revolves, around helping other parents / families who have children with special
           needs and I work for our state' s designated Parent Training and informaiton Center - Rhode
           Island Parent Information Network.



            My daughter , Meagan is a wonderful, loving human being who bring joy to everyone she
           encounters.   She has some challenges, but she lights this earth with love and beauty-----
           and she makes me smile and laugh everyday.




           Enjoy every moment with your new baby and my very best to you and your family.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0017001
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sincerely,



           Lisa Schaffran

           Very Proud Parent &

           Associate Director - RIPIN




           lschaf0421@cox.net




                                                       2
