Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:31 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject :                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 2:56 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Rosemary Parisi

            address: 17 Crestwood Cir Budd Lake NJ 07828




            MESSAGE:

            Congratulations on the birth of your son! I was so grateful to see a woman of your
            stature take such a beautiful stance on behalf of the disabled. You have set our cause
            ahead 50 years. My daughter was born seven years ago with Down syndrome and I see what a
            joy she is and how she has positively affected our family. Our children are more
            empathetic and now are striving for career goals in medicine. I have returned to school
            and just been awarded a second degree in special education. I was touched to see the
            headlines about your reaction to your son. God bless Trig and your entire family for
            embracing this "gift" albeit wrapped in different paper. Your new son will bring you all
            MUCH love and a new set of friends you would have never met otherwise. Enjoy the moment
            and thank you on behalf of every other Mother of a Down syndrome child. Sincerely,
            Rosemary Parisi




            Apalomonte®optonline.com




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017003
