Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:26 AM
            To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From:   WebMail@gov.state.ak.us Imailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 12:39 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject; Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Terri Hudson

            address: 601 Arrowhead Dr. Twin Lakes WI 53181




            MESSAGE:

            I would like to congratulate you and your family on the birth of your new baby boy. I am
            the mom of a five year old son Marcus with Down Syndrome. We also learned of the diagnosis
            when I was about 4 months along and never questioned if we'd have this baby. I also felt
            as you did when you and your husband said "why not us"? It's exactly the same way I felt
            and it made me smile when I read it. I've read some of the negative comments by people
            after your son was born. Of course we all know these are people who have never been
            touched by a person with a disability or who may be different from them. Sure there are
            going to be challenges but who doesn't have them? "Typical" children have challenges too.
            I've wanted to leave a comment that said "Raise your hand if you were born perfect". I
            really don't know how many people could! None of us is perfect and really, who would want
            to be? Our son has brought us so much joy and truly every milestone gives you a reason to
            celebrate. He will teach

            you more than you could imagine. I look forward to our journey that lies ahead and may God
            bless you as you take yours.



            stmhud@verizon.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017008
