Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:22 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message---,--

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 10:57 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Christopher Gay

            address: 1010 Gidding Street Clovis NM 88101




            MESSAGE:

            I just read a story about the birth of your new son and the trials of a special needs
            baby.  I commend you for this. I had no idea who or did not care really about the state
            of AK , other than its great beauty. I was impressed and decided to read up on you and I
            am truly impressed.  Congrats on the new baby. I am a nursing student and graduate with a
            BA in Sociology this semester and want to work with special needs children, so I wish you
            all the best with the new baby. Thank You :)



            gaychrol@clovis.edu




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                 I



            Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Monday, May 05, 2008 10:19 AM
           To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject :                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 9:25 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject; Other



           Web mail from: Shawn Jackinsky

           address: PO Box 872575 Wasilla AK 99687

             9073761631




           MESSAGE:

           Hi Governor Palin,

           My name is Shawn Jackinsky and my wife and I live in Wasilla, Alaska.

           I just wanted you to know that my wife and I are very Proud of the way you are Governing
           the State and congragulate you and Todd on the birth of your child.

           I think that because of you, there is hope for the future of our State. Keep up the good
           work!

           We appreciate your efforts and want to Thank You and your family for your service.



           I am not involved politicaly but felt compelled to write the following to President George
           Bush.



           Shawn and Naomi Jackinsky




           To: President George W Bush




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017013
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Hi,

            My name is Shawn Jackinsky and my wife Naomi and I both live in a small town in
            Alaska ..................... This message is wrote to express our support for you.

            Lately news statistics have indicated that support/belief in you, President Bush is at an
            all time low.

            I would like to say that no matter what the polls say, Naomi, I and many in the city of
            Wasilla, Alaska, stand firmly for you and the policy you have taken on various issues.

            I believe that your response to 9/11 which resulted in the invasion/occupation and
            possible liberation of Iraq and Afghanistan was a brilliant move.

            You took the battle to the enemy and kept the war off of our homeland.

            Naomi and I both know of some of the hardship that many have had to face due to the war.

            We too have a child enlisted in the Army (Spc. Joshua Wolf - 1st Platoon, Charlie Company)
            who did his time at Fort Apache - Sader City, Iraq.

            We are aware of the day to day worry/concern that parents face when a child is deployed.

            We have grieved with our child when we learned that some of his Army brothers had given
            the ultimate sacrifice in battle .......... one of which is Spc. Ross McGinnis who we have
            heard is to receive posthumously, the Medal of Honor.

            Our son Joshua, signed up for another 4 years of enlisted service and we fear for his and
            all of our military men and women's safety.

            Things don't look good and we still see trouble brewing in Iraq, Iran, Africa and other
            parts of the world.

            We pray for peace but realize that there could be further dark days ahead if our country
            is to be secured.

            I said all that to say this ......... Don't be disheartened by polls or statistics. Many
            people who live in small towns such as ourselves, stand firmly with the you, display the
            flag and are proud of our country.

            If we had to choose who would hold the next term as President, it would be you and the
            first.lady!

            Our state too has been hit with high prices but it is a small price to pay for the
            security of our nation.

            I have worked in the oilfields of Alaska and have been amazed at the way political forces
            have time and time again stopped development of the states resources.

            Alaska's resources could potentially ease many of the nations needs but every time a good
            plan is introduced to open up development , opposing forces lock the land up.

            I'm hopeful that under our current Governor Sarah Palin's ( who I also am very Proud of)
            guidance we can successfully open up more land in Alaska to development and reduce
            dependence on foreign resources.

            Naomi and I would also like to pass on our Thanks to the nations first lady Laura and for
            her many accomplishments during your term in office.

            She has been a comforting influence to our nation and a wonderful First Lady!

            If you visit Alaska, the door to our house is always open to you. Know that we are Proud
            of you and because of your guidance we feel there is hope for our country.

            Don't give up ....... A lot of Alaskans believe in you .......... We don't think Hillary or
            Obama have a clue

                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0017014
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thank You for your service to our country,




            Shawn and Naomi Jackinsky

            PO Box 872575

            Wasilla , Alaska - 99687




            yukon727@hotmail.com




                                                          3
