Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From,                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:17 AM
             To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

             Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 9:23 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Tina Masters

             address: 37343 Deep Wood Dr Murrieta CA 92562




            MESSAGE:

            Congratulations on the birth of child with Down Syndrome! My son Adrick was born five
            years ago with Down Syndrome. He is one of the greatest joys and challenges of my life.
            These special children open our eyes to the world around us and connect us to the people
            surrounding us.   Your life will be filled with challenges and obstacles that at times feel
            overwhelming.   But, the love, joy and knowledge of our world around us far outweigh those
            challenges.



            I know you will receive an abundance of advice and well-wishes from people around the
            world.  The main advice I give is to always do what YOU think is right for your son. You
            know your son the best; even more so than any expert or doctor out there. Follow your
            heart and your inner voice, it will guide you throughout your journey.



            My thoughts and good wishes are with you from one mother of a specially wonderful child to
            another.



            I know we don 't know each other, but if you ever have questions or need someone who has
            been there to talk to please feel free to contact me.




            mastersf@ca . rr.com
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017016
