Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, May 05, 2008 10:23 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Saturday, May 03, 2008 11:22 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Joanne Jolin

            address: 2810 River Ridge Dr. Orlando FL 32825




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

            Our family had the pleasure of visiting Alaska on a land/cruise tour last July and we are
            still enjoying the memories of all the wilderness, and wild beauty of Alaska and it's
            unique and strong people. I would visit again if we every have the opportunity.



           I am writing to you after reading about the birth of your son, Trig, who is born with
           Down's Syndrome.   It was so touching that you and your husband, Todd, accept him into your
           family with no reservations.   Instead of asking "why", Todd said "why not" your family to
           raise this special needs child. Your family will be blessed and learn so much from this
           baby boy. I know this because I have a special needs older brother who lives with me since
           my parents passed away. It's not always easy but life is rich and full of surprises with
           Mark in our family.



           A small piece of advice is to help Trig be the best he can be, love him, don't shelter
           him, encourage him and you will be surprised at the quality of life he will have. We
           always treated Mark as normal and take him everywhere we go. You can also show the
           community. that special needs kids are no different than the rest of us and part of our
           community. I believe these kids are gifts. Trig is so fortunate to have you and Todd as
           parents.   I see the love you have for-him and you will be a role model for other women
           facing the decision of raising a special needs child. With my second pregnacy, I was 37
           and my doctor suggested a test for Down's Sydrome'and I asked why. He said in case you
           want to terminate the pregnacy. I told him I had experience with special needs kids so it
           was out of the question and rejected taking the test.     My daughter, Caitlin, is healthy
           and I would have loved her the same either way. Trig is a beautiful baby! I admire you
           for your courage and strength.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017010
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            God Bless you and your family.




            Joanne Jolin




            jjolin@cfl . rr.com




                                                       2
