Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Veasey, Teri A (DOT) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TAVEASEY]
            Sent:                   Monday, May 05, 2008 4:54 PM
            To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
            Cc:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Subject :               RE: Juneau Road


           Governor,



           The Department has spent a total of approximately $32M since 1992 on this project. This
           includes 2 environmental impact statements, right of way purchases, permitting,
           geotechnical investigations and design.



           In calendar year 2008, we have paid $261,020 to ADF&G for RSA's to do wildlife monitoring
           as part of our mitigation commitments. We have one staff person (our project
           environmental coordinator) working on permit and lawsuit issues.   We have on-going
           Department of Law costs associated with the environmentalist's federal lawsuit over the
           NEPA actions.  Additionally we have purchased $354,462 worth of piles and have an ongoing
           storage fee of around $4K/month.



           In conversations with the Corps of Engineers last Friday, the Colonel has signed the
           permit and is sending it to EPA for their review. It is anticipated that we could receive
           the permit this month. My plan has been, once the permit is issued, to have the policy
           discussion with you on what our next move should be.



           There is a total of about $106M of federal, state match and GF indentified for the 1st
           phases of this project. The current STIP has approximately $16M of federal funds
           identified.  Federal regulations require that we fully fund an open phase. Currently
           phase 2 and phase 3 are open for this project.' Phase 2 must be funded through the plans
           specifications and estimate process and phase 3 requires funding to complete ROW.



           As you know Juneau Access is the backbone piece to implementation of the Southeast Alaska
           Transportation Plan and provides greater access to the state capital. While there remains
           a ferry link, this will be much less expensive than the current ferry trip from Haines or
           Skagway to Auke Bay. Additionally replacing this length of ferry service with a shuttle
           will be instrumental in containing AMHS costs.




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          Cc: Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Sent: Sun May 04 07:14:42 2008

          Subject: Juneau rd
                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0017026
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Leo- ADN wrote an editorial today re: continued work and expenditure on Juneau Rd. There
           needs to be clarification on my position there, which I thought we expressed to interested
           lawmakers two weeks ago - the letter explained that the Corps had not permitted it, and
           there were many hurdles it seemed before the possibility of permitting... so I don't know
           what "continued work" is that ADN is writing about. Is there money in the budget for the
           more Juneau rd planning? If there is, I need to know where it is, how much, etc. The rd is
           not a priority for our admin, esp knowing the Corps may not even permit it.



           I'm not clear on what the ADN refers to re: cont work on the project, except for the fact
           we're waiting for the Corps to tell us whether it is even permittable. If it is, THEN
           policy decisions are made regarding spending any more money on this project or not. What
           money is being spent today, before we even know of the Corps' decision? My understanding
           is we're NOT spending money on the project at this time, that it's essentially at a stand-
           still until Corps does its thing with its evaluation. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0017027
