Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 3:39 PM
           To:                      'mkuffner@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

           Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2008 3:38 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Mary Kuffner

           address: 2431 Lyvona Ln Anchorage AK 99502




           MESSAGE:

           Hi Governor Palin,

           I am a long standing supporter of the Alaska zoo and understand that some key funding is
           in the Capital Budget for the zoo and I want to let you know I support that funding. On
           behalf of my granddaughters and granddaughter to be and our families who have enjoyed
           countless hours at the Zoo - happy times - birthdays of Maggie, Ahpun, to sad times like
           the death of Annabelle, Binky and the moving of Maggie, the Zoo is an important part of
           education and fun for all ages.



           Also congratulations to you and your husband and family on the wonderful bundle of joy,
           Trig - he is lucky to have a wonderful family with all the challenges he will face.



           Thank you for your consideration.

           Mary Lou Kuffner

           23 year year Sourdough.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017035
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          mkuffner@gci.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0017036
