Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From ,                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@aiaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 2:49 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2008 2:09 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Elizabeth Rye

           address: 2967 Spruce Ct. Arcadia CA 91006

            626-821-6440




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,



           Congratulations on your baby boy! I just finished reading an article that confirmed a
           rumor I'd been hearing that Trig has Down Syndrome.  Thank you so much for your commitment
           to life, and for your decision, now so rare, to bring him into this world.



           My husband and I also have a child with Down Syndrome, Hannah, our second of three
           daughters.  Hannah is now three and a half years old. I cannot express to you how much
           joy she has brought into our lives (along with some heartache, as is true for all
           children).  We frequently thank God for the blessing of having this precious little girl.
           I think most people in this country have no clue whatsoever what we are sacrificing by
           killing these special children off before they ever have a chance at life. Their gifts
           are unique, and in my opinion, irreplaceable. Their capacity for love is matched only in
           the rarest of human beings. While Trig will definitely introduce some complexities into
           your family, he will more than make up for that with his love, his laughter, and in the
           opportunities for growth that he will provide for both his parents and his siblings.



           I pray for great blessing on your family, even as I know you will all be richly blessed
           with your latest edition.



           Take care, and all my best!


                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017040
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Elizabeth Rye




           erye@roadrunner.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0017041
