Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov[
          Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06,2008 1:59 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Tuesday, May 06,      2008 11:24 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Ronald McGraw

          address: 1814 Harvard Way Redding CA 96003

            5302241418




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor,




          I read with great iterest an article from the Associated Press carried in our local paper
          (Record Searchlight, 5 May 2008 ) regrading the birth of your son, Trig. What caught my
          attention was your husband' s response to the "news " that Trig would have Down Syndrome,
          "We shouldn't be asking, 'Why us?' We should be saying , 'Well, why not us?'"



          When my wife and I learned that our first born, Nancy , had Tuberous Sclerosis ( a genetic
          "condition " causing retardation and disability ) when she was four months old, I am afraid
          that I asked the "Why me?" question many times in the first few months .    However, after
          holding her , caring for her and loving her she soon won my heart. By GOD's grace, the
          thirty- five years that Nancy has been with us have been filled with joys too many to
          mention .  She has softened this dad ' s heart; tenderized it to the point that I now see
          each child as a true gift from GOD; not a mistake , or a tragedy , but rather a gift of
          profound worth.



          Thank you for your openness as you       have shared your perspective on being entrusted with
          one of GOD's special children. In        your public position, you have a platform to advocated
          for all children. I know many will       not understand your decision to "keep" the pregnancy. I
          trust as you continue to live your       life openly with the public, many will see the
          rightness of your decision as they       see Trig bring joy to all who know him.



          By the way, my wife and I are coming to Alaska for the first time later this month as we
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0017055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary.   We are excited.



           With great appreciation,



           Ronald K. McGraw

           (Nancy's dad)




           rcmcfam®hotmail.com




                                                        2
