Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :        Grace Olrun [grace.olrun@MarshCreekLLC.comj
               Sent:         Tuesday, May 06, 2008 2:12 PM
               To:           mdunham@adn.com; Hughes ; Rosanne D (GOV)
               Cc:           Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject:      contact information for Miss Indian World - anything anyone can do to help her represent the
                             State?
               Importance: High
               Mr. Dunham & Ms. Hughes (Gov. Palin): if you don't already have it - contact information for the
               wonderful Miss WEIO & now Miss Indian World

               She now represents all U.S. tribal entities in a ceremonial role.
               httix//www gatheringofnations com/miss indian world/ index.htm
               What a wonderful opportunity to spotlight a young lady who is working hard to represent Alaska in a very
               positive way. An excellent chance we have here to celebrate
               our Native youth who are making a difference and have an opportunity to touch communities outside of
               Alaska.

               Nicole M. Colbert 907.748.5851 (cell)
               Napakiak

               two emails: missweio@,gmail.com
               coach -col e((h otma i 1. co m


               She really has to do some sponsorship chasing now. She 'll be doing more travel than she expected.
               She dances with Kicaput when we run into each other . She does a lot of voluntary speaking to
               school kids, above and beyond community outreach . She did a pro-bono spot about abstaining from
               pre-marital sex that can be seen on Alaska channels . An excellent representative of Native Alaska,
               excellent
               representative of Alaska and now Miss Indian world . She's trying to get ready for college studies.

               Please, is there some way we in the community and the State can celebrate the accomplishments of this
               very gracious and humble young lady? Is there any way a call to the community at large to celebrate her
               accomplishment and assist her with her expenses?

               Grace Olrun
               Anchorage
               223-2621




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          P RA_GS PO I _0017047
