Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent :                      Tuesday , May 06 , 2008 1:59 PM
           To:                         Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                    FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us 1:mailto:WebMail@gov . state . ak.us]

           Sent :   Tuesday ,   May 06 ,   2008 11:10 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from : Mr. Robert Price

           address :   2947 Canyon Drive Grapevine TX 76051

            817-896-0572




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor;



           A lot longer before you were EVER the honorable governor of Alaska , you were a wonderful
           and loving mom. You walked into the governor's chair in the middle of one of the worst
           recent displays of corruption in your party ' s history in Alaska.



           You brought honesty and common sense to a very much desperate Alaska . People aware of and
           "friends " of Alaska have watched all this. Texas is NOT all that far away, Sarah!



           Your UNCOMMON personal courage and application of the proper priorities during this time
           in your new son's life is an inspiration to every father and mother in our whole land!



           The HONESTY you have brought to your state's government, and the priority you have
           CORRECTLY given to your higher calling as "mother" have earned you the right to be called
           "AMERICA'S" Governor!




           So from all your fans. here in TEXAS .          .     we are praying for you and your family and are
           continuing to thank God for you!




                                                                       1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0017052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           May I suggest that you ADD to your CLOSE confidantes, one of your strongest supporters,
           Wev Shea!




           God Bless. We in the Dallas/Fort Worth area are upholding you and your family in our
           prayers. Best of good to you, ma'am.



           Sincerely,



           Robert B. Price

           Grapevine, Texas




           bpricel492@msn.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0017053
