Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent :                   Tuesday, May 06, 2008 11:55 AM
          To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject :                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2008 5:25 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Michele Simmons

          address: PO Box 206 Tok AK 99780




          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin:




          First of all, may I wish you and your husband my most humble congratulations on the birth
          of your beautiful new child!! What a sweet, precious gift!



          Secondly, I feel the need to voice some fears; not just my own, but those of many I speak
          with on a daily basis. There is a great deal of fear amongst the common folk here in
          Alaska when it comes to food, gas, electricity and heat. Everything is increasing in
          price. . .the sad part is wages aren 't increasing to meet the costs. Alaskans are a
          subsistence people but that can only go so far. My husband and I are very fortunate in
          many ways, as are many others we know. However, unless things change immediately, I fear
          what the consequences may be.



          I do not pretend to know all of the answers to these pressing issues. What I do know is
          you have a very large state of people dependant upon you for answers. Again, as an
          ordinary citizen, I do NOT like the discussions/arguments/debates I am hearing amongst
          desperate folks in this state. Times are very hard and we need some answers.



          Governor, if ever there was a time or place to address the state of Alaska and provide
          some reassurance, this is the time!


                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017075
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Regards,



          Michele Simmons



          michele. s.simmons@gmail.com




                                                     2
