Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 11:25 AM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

             Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 6:36 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




             Web mail from: Ms. Jodi Rinehart

             address: 3456 Makley Drive Lima OH 45805

              419-296-6784




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Sarah Palin,




             In a recent article that appeared in the Lima News Sunday May 4th, I was encouraged with
             your stance for life, your values of family and your commitment to your state. I am a
             Transition To Work Coordinator in the Lima City Schools and work with students with
             disabilities.  As a mother, I want to applaud you for your decision. As a Christian, I
             want to encourage you, as I read the article my heart leaped at the way you responded to
             the news of your child.



             I simply wanted to send you this email to encourage you in your balance of family, career
             and care for the State of Alaska. In the article it mentioned that your name had surfaced
             as a potential Vice Presidential Running Mate for John McCain. If indeed you were given
             the nomination, you would have my support.  Please know that your work is being noticed
             across this great nation. Please continue to stand for life, encouraging and speaking out
             for the families of our society.



             May God continue to bless and keep you.



             Sincerely,

             Jodi Rinehart

                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             erineharti@woh.rr.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0017094
