Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                        Tuesday, May 06,2008 11:29 AM
             To:                          Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:                          Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                     FW: Other


             Sorry, I didn' t mean to send the last email.

             Donna




             -----Original Message-----

             From :   WebMail@gov . state . ak.us     (mailto : WebMail @gov.state . ak.usl

             Sent: Monday ,    May 05 ,    2008 7:31 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Ms. Ms . Lindsey Lucas

             address: 225 Highgate Cir Greer SC 29650




             MESSAGE:

             We understand that you have been discussed as a possible choice for the vice Presidency.




             As people who support the democratic process and care about protecting our wildlife for
             future generations, we want you to know that we don't believe people in our states would
             vote for you for any office if they knew your record on these issues.




             It is troubling that you are now working to deny more than 50,000 Alaskans a vote on
             aerial killing of wolves and bears with legislation now being considered in the Alaska
             legislature.




            It is deeply concerning that last year you proposed using helicopters and a $150 bounty to
            spur wolf killing in specified management zones -- despite strong scientific opposition to
            the state ' s aerial hunting program and the lack of reliable information on how many wolves
            actually exist in these areas.


                                                                       1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0017085
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            And it is baffling that you appointed your high school basketball coach -- a man with no
            relevant experience   -- to the state's board of game, and have condoned a $400,000 state-
            funded propaganda campaign to convince Alaskans that wildlife biologists from around the
            world are wrong when they say that the state ' s shooting of wolves and bears from airplanes
            is scientifically unfounded.




            We sincerely hope that you will recognize the importance of respecting the democratic
            process and protecting Alaska's wildlife in the future . But until then, you will not have
            the support of those of us who care about the democratic process and protecting our
            natural treasures for future generations.



            zipzapll@hotmail.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0017086
