Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 11:09 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us tmailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.usl

            Sent; Monday, May 05, 2008 11:29 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from : Ms. Margueritte Lipsey

            address : 37537 Janice Circle Selbyville DE 19975




            MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. and Mr. Palin, I just finished reading the AP article titled "Alaska governor
           eager to rear child". It is so encouraging to me to know that someone in politics has
           ethics similar to mine. I do not have a special needs child but'i have friends who do. The
           most precious of these children calls himself Duke. He is the sweetest child I know. He is
           very personable around other people and just a delight to know. (I have 13 grandchildren
           to compare him to.) I know at times it will be tough but God only gives those who need the
           most love to parents who can provide it. May God bless you" and your beautiful family. I
           will pray that Trig will be like Duke and that you and yours will be blessed to have her
           in your family. Sincerely, Margueritte Lipsey

           P.S. I visited your beautiful state a year ago last fall and fell in love with it. I hope
           to be able to see more of it in the future.



           l.lipsey@comcast.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0017105
