Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 4


                  Unknown

                  From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                  Sent:    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 11:12 AM
                  To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: UPDATED*NR: Current State of Businesses Owned by Women of Color Highlighted at Research
                           Symposium



                 From: CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org)
                 Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 12:31 PM
                 To: CfWBR Info
                 Subject: UPDATED*NR: Current State of Businesses Owned by Women of Color Highlighted at Research
                 Symposium




                                Embargoed date : May 7, 2008




                        Current State of Businesses Owned by Women of Color
                                 Highlighted at Research Symposium

                  10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0017108
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 4




                               Washington, DC - The dynamics of the intersection of race and gender were the focus
                               of research findings released today at the national symposium Research to Roadmap:
                               Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color convened by the
                               Center for Women' s Business Research.

                               The research is the first release of the results of a multi-year study conducted by the
                               Center for Women's Business Research in partnership with Babson College exploring
                               the impact of race and gender on the growth of businesses owned by women who are
                               African-American, Asian, Latina and other ethnicities. Women of color are starting
                               businesses at rates three to five times faster than all other businesses . However, once
                               in business , their growth lags behind all other firms.


                               "it is important that as a country and a business community, we learn how to support the
                               growth of this dynamic sector of women business owners," said Margaret A. Smith,
                               chair, Center for Women' s Business Research. "This research encourages action and
                               helps public- and private-sector policy makers formulate well grounded decisions to
                               increase opportunities for the nearly two million businesses owned by women of color."

                               The lead sponsors for this first of its kind project are Sam's Club and Wachovia
                               Corporation.

                               The research found that being a business owner who is a woman of color can evoke
                               misperceptions about business capacity , result in lessened access to capital for
                               business growth, create the challenge of balancing the expectations and demands of
                               running a business and being part of a diverse culture , and increase the difficulty of
                               attracting top talent . The research also pointed out that many women business owners
                               of color have a double bottom line. They work to give back to their communities as well
                               as for profits.

                               The top business operations issues -- human resources ; cash flow and access to capital;
                               marketing competencies; and access to decision makers and potential strategic partners
                               -- become more challenging because of the factors of race and gender.


                               Businesses owned by women of color are a substantial economic force . The Center for
                               Women' s Business Research 's biennial update of the number , revenues and
                               employment trends for these businesses was released at the symposium . The findings,
                               underwritten by Wells Fargo, showed strong growth . Between 2002 and 2008, the
                               number of such firms increased by 32 percent, their revenues by a dramatic 48 percent,



                 10/15/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0017109
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 4


                               and their employment by 27 percent. The Center estimates that as of 2008 there are 1.9
                               million firms owned by women of color, employing 1 .2 million workers and bringing in
                               $165 billion in revenues . Women of color comprise 26 percent of all women-owned
                               firms.

                               "Even before I came on the Board of the Center for Women 's Business Research, I
                               followed this nonprofit research institute closely - as it brought credibility and visibility to
                               women business owners as an economic force ," said Sheila Brooks , national
                               spokesperson , Accelerating the Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color.
                               "Now, once again , the Center has shown the courage to take on an issue that no one
                               else was willing to discuss openly - the issues specific to women business owners who
                               are of diverse races and ethnicities."

                               Five one-day research forums were held across the country . Babson College conducted
                               two case studies on women business owners of color and provided educational content
                              at all forums . As part of the research methodology , participants identified obstacles at
                              the personal , community , and national levels. They prepared action plans on three of
                              their obstacles . The Center tracks the progress of their plans for one year following
                              each forum . The final report including a performance evaluation for these plans will be
                              released in early 2009.

                              A prestigious consortium of corporate and association sponsors funded Accelerating the
                              Growth and Success of Businesses Owned by Women of Color. Over the time frame of
                              the study a total of fifteen corporations invested in the research . In 2008, the corporate
                              sponsors are: Sam 's Club; Wachovia Corporation ; Wells Fargo Bank; Verizon; OPEN
                              from American Express ; Time Warner, UPS Capital, MasterCard ; American Airlines;
                              Ernst & Young; United States Postal Service (USPS); and PepsiCo.

                              Leading women business owner organizations and other non-profit organizations have
                              recognized the importance of this research to the women's entrepreneurship community
                              and have taken a sponsorship position . They are: the National Association of Women
                              Business Owners (NAWBO); National Women's Business Council (NWBC); Women
                              Impacting Public Policy (WIPP); Women' s Business Enterprise National Council
                              (WBENC); Women Presidents' Organization (WPO); and Women's Leadership
                              Exchange (WLE).


                              The study has many implications for the public sector , corporations, national policy
                              makers, and for women business owners themselves.


                              A partial list of implications include:



                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0017110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 4 of 4




                               Corporations
                                        Diversity must be systemic: all races and ethnicities must be represented at all
                                        levels of leadership and decision -making.
                                       Build relationships specifically with minority women , not as a sub-group of either
                                        women or minority groups.
                                       Create and support affinity groups of minority women business owners.
                                       Measure your progress to make it possible to modify if necessary.

                              Associations and Educators
                                      All races and ethnicities must be represented at all levels of leadership, both
                                       volunteer and paid leadership.
                                       Create affinity groups specifically for women of diverse races and ethnicities.

                               Public Policy Makers
                                       Require collection and public reporting of data on lending by race , gender and
                                       race/gender.
                                       Continue support and expansion of women's business centers.

                              Women Business Owners
                                       Expand networks outside your immediate community.
                                       Support one another - create and sustain affinity groups.




                              Center for Women's Business Research
                              The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic,
                              social and political impact of women business owners and their enterprises. We do this by setting the
                              national agenda; creating insight on the status and achievements of women business owners; altering
                              perceptions about the economic viability and progress of women-owned enterprises; and driving awareness
                              of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. Find out more online at
                              www.womensbusinessresearch.ora.

                              Babson College
                              Babson College in Wellesley , Mass., is recognized internationally as a leader in entrepreneurial
                              management education . Babson grants BS degrees through its innovative undergraduate program, and
                              grants MBA and custom MS and MBA degrees through the F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business at
                              Babson College. Babson Executive Education offers executive development programs to experienced
                              managers worldwide . For information, visit www.babson.edu.

                              The Center for Women 's Leadership ( CWL) is dedicated to the advancement of women in business.
                              Through the Centei' s education and outreach activities as well as through its research , CWL enables the
                              professional accomplishment of women and the success of organizations seeking to leverage theirtalent
                              and market power. Our extensive research and faculty team make Babson the leading authority on global
                              women' s entrepreneurship and a premiere source for the insights and educational opportunities that women
                              need to achieve their leadership goals . www.babson.edu/cwl




                10/15/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017111
