Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:55 AM
            To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                  FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 6:51 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Blake Fulenwider

            address: 958 Caballo Abilene TX 79602

              3252015302




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

            As a parent of a 2 year old with Down's syndrome, I want to express my hearfelt
            congratulations on the birth of your special son. I remember all of the reservations and
            fears that my wife and I had the first days of his life. How long could he live? How
            would people treat him? Could he ever live on his own? We had a lot to learn. There is
            a real mourning process to go through because regardless of how much you love him, he
            wasn't what you planned. We realized that all of these answers would come in time, but
            none were as dyer as we thought. Our mission was to get him home and get him healthy.



            After 2 years of learning, physical and speech therapy, and heart surgery to repair a
            defect (he is the picture of health today), Archer continues to be a great joy in our
            lives.  He IS much more work than our other 2 children but it is a labor of love, NOT a
            burden.   He has changed our lives in ways we would have never predicted. He has made me a
            better, kinder, more tolerant man--I was the type of kid that would make fun of children
            like him.   My children have benefitted in ways that are indescribable. I know they will
            never act as I did as a child. I know they will defend the weakest among them. In short,
            Archer is a celebrity in Abilene, Texas. He brings joy to everyone that comes in contact
            with him.



            I know now that these children are put here for a specific reason by God. It is so
            evident to me that His hand is at work when I look at their faces and see all of the
            similarities.  Children and adults with Down's syndrome look like brothers and sisters and
            react that way when meeting for the first time. How could that NOT be by design. You and
            your family are truly blessed to have the priviledge of raising this child.


                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017121
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I am sure that you have been bombarded with email and calls from people like my family and
            me.  I want to encourage you to seek council in the Down ' s community -- it is a wonderful
            and helpful one. What ever feelings or concerns you and your family have had, others have
            had the same ones and you all are not alone.



            You are beginning a most rewarding journey that will be filled with challenges , but mostly
            joy.  I always took for granted that our kids would learn to walk and talk .  Archer has
            shown me what hard work it really is. All of these milestones aren't merely footnotes in
            his life , they are truly accomplishments that are worthy of celebration . Rest assured
            that your boy with make them also with your help .  But we learned that they do it on their
            timeline , not ours and so will you.



            Please feel free to call or email my wife Dulcey ( dulceyf@suddenlink . net 325 . 201.5301).
            She is an amazing womand and has dedicated her life to helping Archer develope.



            Again , congratulations on the birth of your son .     I wouldn ' t trade or change my boy for
            anything , and I'm sure you feel the same way.



            Warm Regards,

            Blake Fulenwider

            Abilene, Texas



            blake@blakecdj.com




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0017122
