Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06 , 2008 10:49 AM
           To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us)

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 7:56 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: other



           Web mail from: Ms. Shellie Milne

           address :   1741 Dehesa Rd El Cajon CA 92019

            619 454 4417




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




                 Congratulations on the birth of Trig and remember that you are soooo lucky !!     We have
           6 children , with our 5th one , like your family, being Down Syndrome .  We didn't find out
           until his birth ( several hours afterwards , in fact ) because our testing didn ' t throw the
           signs -- I found out first , then had to wait until morning to tell my husband - - but the
           realization , then the small adjustment came quickly , and it has been amazing ever since.
           There will be trials -- and I hope the medical ones will be non existent or minimal for
           Trig -- but it is so much fun finding out what they CAN do -- My hardest adjustment has
           been not from our son , Sebastian ( who is now 4), but has been from the people around me --
           If I have to hear one more person say " I'm sorry" when they look at him -- I think I'll
           scream -- but my standard answer has become "yes , I am sorry for you that you'll never
           have the joy of having a Down Syndrome individual in your home and I get to hog all the
           fun".   My other chil

           dren are 17 , 14, 6, 5 and 2 and, as my older children will tell you, Sebastian is no
           different from their other siblings and is as much of a pest as the rest of them .   Embrace
           this time and enjoy . your newborn -- the doctors told me I would have a "baby" for at
           least 2x as long as normal because of the slow rate that they develop -- well , Seb crawled
           at 8 mos and walked at 12 mos and has been on the run ever since -- so don't let anyone
           tell you what Trig will accomplish -- except for Trig .  You must be an amazing mother to
           be entrusted with such a tremendous spirit and individual -- Not everyone can do it - but
           for those of us who do --    the rewards are infinite.

           Thank you for your service to our Nation and being such an example of strength and values.

           Respectfully,

           Shellie Milne
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0017126
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           SMilne5@cox.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0017127
