Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
              Sent:                   Tuesday, May 06, 2008 11:02 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

              Sent: Monday, May 05, 2008 9:17 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Ms. Paula Byler

              address: 8543 Maurer RD Apple Creek OH 44606

               3304643157




              MESSAGE:

              Hello! I just read about you having a son with Down SYndrome. I have a son with Downs
              named Craig who is 23. It is important to put him in the regular preschools and regular
              elementary school when he is older-- my son did very well and a friend put her Downs
              daughter in the "special school" and she never learned to read or write. When he was
              little they told me it was pointless to teach him the alphabet and said he would never
              read or write. I worked with him alot, and put him in the normal school; at the end of
              kindergarten he could read his favorite book GO DOG GO and he could write his first name.
              My son doesnt speak as well as others but. can be understood and he is very loving and he
              loves music. These kids love music and Craig loves to sing karaoke.! Don't let anyone ever
              tell you your son cant do something--- he can do anything that anyone else can do. My son
              graduated from the same high school my daughter is graduating from this year. He graduated
              last year right after he turned

              22, so it took a bit longer. He was in special classes but also mainstreamed for some
             classes. Your son will need you to work with him alot; (repetition is what they need) and
             he should be in infant stimulation classes; We had flashcards I made with pictures and we
             would work on him saying what it was everyday; Now Craig has a job in a workshop for the
             handicapped and although he can be stubborn, he does pretty well. HIS favorite thing is
             watching Disney movies and going on trips, especially to Disney World where he is going on
             May 30.

             He has it counted down on the calendar and tells me a million times a day how many days it
             is til we go to Florida. I just was hoping to encourage you and to tell you that you
             should never treat him as "retarded"-- he can do anything any other kid can do if you work
             with him--some people who dont work with their kids then those kids never learn to talk--
             when he looks at a dog, tell him dog etc. and he will learn to talk! Talk to him all the
             time and identify things. I wanted to send a picture of Craig but I cant on this form...
             God has given you a very special child and he is a wonderful blessing!!




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017115
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            paulabyler@aol.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017116
