Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:42 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 5:35 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Michelle Newbold

           address: 1503 Dover Rd Bloomington IL 61704

            309-826-4258




           MESSAGE:

           Congratulations on your new baby!

           We read a beautiful article in the Chicago Tribune about the birth of your new baby and
           wanted to send our congratulations! You and your family are on the best journey of your
           lives. We have a daughter with Down Sydrome who is 22 years old and we live in Illinois.
           We understand your feelings of shock and disbelief that your child was born with an extra
           chromosone. No one can ever prepare you but we wanted to tell you your child is the
           greatest gift and will bring you and your family many blessings and joy. There are two
           national organizations: National Down Syndrome Congress and National Down Syndrome Society
           and I would recommend you get on their mailing list. They are the best resources in the
           country concerning Down Syndrome. They have exellent conventions every year and are very
           positive and encouraging. Should your child have any additional medical issues you or your
           medical team can always call into these groups and they have provided excellent
           information to parents and profes

           sionals. This year the National Down Syndrome conference is in Boston in August. It is
           definately.worth attending the conferences - you can read about their workshops, etc on
           line and many times you can get the tapes from their workshops too. You can meet other
           parents. It is a great network. Best of luck! Our daughter Kristi has opened our eyes to a
           beautiful world we never would of seen and it is worth the extra long days of time and
           love our children with Down Syndrome require. The families and people with Down Syndrome
           who will touch your life will be unforgetable. Congratulations and our best to your
           family!



           newboll®aol.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017133
