Unknown
From :                           Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
Sent:                            Thursday, July 17, 2008 10:05 PM
To:                              fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                        Fw: PR 08-122 Governor Palin Releases Statement 071708

Attachments:                     image001.jpg; PR 08-122 Governor Palin Releases Statement 071708.doc



                          L
image001.jpg (20     PR 08-122
      KB)        ;overnor Palin Rele..




----- Original Message -----

From: Burkert, Erin (GOV sponsored) <erin.burkert@ alaska.gov>

To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

Cc: Burkert, Erin (GOV sponsored)

Sent: Thu Jul 17 19:10:15 2008

Subject: PR 08-122 Governor Palin Releases Statement 071708




                                                             1                                ROSTON 02746




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
No. 08-122




Governor Palin Releases Statement




July 17, 2008 , Anchorage , Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today released the following statement
regarding allegations that she acted improperly.




"As governor, I expect a certain amount of criticism. When I took the oath of office, I even
encouraged Alaskans to ask me questions, to hold me accountable. But some critics have taken this
to ridiculous extremes that threaten to distract from the vital business currently facing the state and
its residents.




"To allege that I, or any member of my family, requested, received or released confidential personnel
information on an Alaska State Trooper, or directed disciplinary action be taken against any
employee of the Department of Public Safety, is, quite simply, outrageous. Any information regarding
personnel records came from the trooper himself. I question the timing of these false allegations. It is
unfortunate, as we seek to address a growing energy crisis in this state, that this matter has been
raised now.




                                                    2                            ROSTON 02747




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
"I do not interfere with the day-to-day operations of any department. Former Commissioner Monegan
was not released due to any actions or inaction related to personnel issues in his department. We
had hoped the former commissioner would have stayed in state service to help fight alcohol-related
crime. We offered him the position of executive director of the Alcoholic Beverage Control board and,
unfortunately, he turned it down.




"I have and will continue to support our line troopers. They have my utmost respect. Since taking
office, I have proposed to the legislature millions of dollars in budget increases for more troopers,
equipment and training. My administration just completed contract negotiations providing increased
wages and other benefits.




"Nothing will distract me from improving public safety. Commissioner Kopp shares my vision for
filling vacant positions and reducing crime across the state.




"The Department of Public Safety is a professional organization. We have good men and women
protecting our families. Troopers are our first line of defense and will always have my full support."




###




                                                    3                             ROSTON 02748




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
       FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                             No. 08-122

                             Governor Palin Releases Statement

       July 17, 2008 , Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today released the
       following statement regarding allegations that she acted improperly.

       "As governor, I expect a certain amount of criticism. When I took the oath of office,
       I even encouraged Alaskans to ask me questions, to hold me accountable. But some
       critics have taken this to ridiculous extremes that threaten to distract from the vital
       business currently facing the state and its residents.

       "To allege that I, or any member of my family, requested, received or released
       confidential personnel information on an Alaska State Trooper, or directed
       disciplinary action be taken against any employee of the Department of Public
       Safety, is, quite simply, outrageous. Any information regarding personnel records
       came from the trooper himself. I question the timing of these false allegations. It is
       unfortunate, as we seek to address a growing energy crisis in this state, that this
       matter has been raised now.

       "I do not interfere with the day-to-day operations of any department. Former
       Commissioner Monegan was not released due to any actions or inaction related to
       personnel issues in his department. We had hoped the former commissioner would
       have stayed in state service to help fight alcohol-related crime. We offered him the
       position of executive director of the Alcoholic Beverage Control board and,
       unfortunately, he turned it down.

       " I have and will continue to support our line troopers . They have my utmost respect.
       Since taking office , I have proposed to the legislature millions of dollars in budget
       increases for more troopers , equipment and training . My administration just
       completed contract negotiations providing increased wages and other benefits.

       "Nothing will distract me from improving public safety. Commissioner Kopp shares
       my vision for filling vacant positions and reducing crime across the state.

       "The Department of Public Safety is a professional organization. We have good men
       and women protecting our families. Troopers are our first line of defense and will
       always have my full support."

                                                ###




                                                                                 ROSTON 02749




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
