Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                   Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:32 AM
           To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 11:20 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Walter McFarland

           address: 9200 Highland Woods Blvd #1201 Chattanooga FL 34135

            239-948-9846




          MESSAGE:

          My wife Sue and I read of the birth of your son Trig in the Naples Daily News this
          morning.  Congratulations!



          We also have a Downs son , Kevin. Kevin is 40 , and a true gift from God.  He has brightened
          our lives and the lives of his two older brothers .   Everyone who comes in contact with
          Kevin loves him dearly.



          Your husband's comment, "Well, why not us?".brought a tear to our eyes . He is a real man.
          God bless you, your husband and your other children . You are in for a treat and many
          years of joy. It won't be easy. But, with your love and understanding , you and Trig will
          succeed.                                 -



          By coincidence, this morning's church sermon was about you, your family and Trig. It was
          titled, "Devine Interruptions." If you would like a copy, it will be on the church web
          site later this week at www.fpcbonita.org.



          Our Kevin lives in a marvelous facility in Chattanooga called orange Grove Center. We
          still maintain a home there and see him in the summer, fall and frequently throughout the
          year.



          He lives in one of 65 group homes operated by O.G. in Chattanooga. He lives with 3 other
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017145
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           handicapped men with the house manager and his wife .  We have lived in a number of cities
           over the years and we found that many cities do not offer much for the handicapped. Some
           cities , like Chattanooga do an excellent job. O . G. is one of the finest of it ' s kind in
           America.




           Orange Grove Center has over 700 clients and operates a school , a health center, a
           habilitation center , a sheltered workshop and also operates Chattanooga ' s recyling
           facility on the Orange Grove campus.



           They also provide specially designed individual programs for the handicapped .           Kevin is in
           one of these special programs.

           Four mornings a week the staff of O.G. drive Kevin to several local businesses where he
           spends the morning shredding documents. The remainder of the week, he shreds documents at
           O.G. carting his shredder from office to office. He is the President of his own company,
           The Paper Shredding Company,and his moto is "Have Shredder, Will Travel."  He hands out
           his business card at every oppurtunity.



           If you would like to know more about orange Grove, you may check their web site at
           www.orangegrove . org. I suggest you may want to send an assistant to Orange Grove to see
           what can be done for the handicapped .   They will be glad to help . Let me know if I can
           assist in any way.



           Sincerely ,   Walter S . McFarland



           golfwally@bellsouth.net




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0017146
