Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06,2008 10:22 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject :                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 10:08 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Malkanthie McCormick

           address :   4848,Pleasant Grove Road Lexington KY 40515

            859-533-6548




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Sarah Palin,



           Please accept my congratulations on the birth of your son,Trig on the 18th of April,2008.
           I would like to share a poem my 14 year old daughter wrote when her sister Megan was born
           with DS in 1988.



           "Beauty surrounds man,greater than he can create

           One of nature's greatest creation of beauty is the Rose

           But not even the single most perfect rose

           Can compare with the blessing of Life.

           On October 27, 1988 you were given

           The most beautiful joy nature can create"



          You are correct that there is incredible potential in all of us and new life is a blessing
          and a miracle.



          Megan is the youngest of 6 and has been the greatest blessing to our family. Megan at age
          19 has been instrumental in opening many doors and introducing us to people and places
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017152
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          that we never would otherwise have had the opportunity to get to know ! Megan is enrolled
          at a community college in Lexington and her plan is to be a certified occupational therapy
          assistant.She is a speaker on the subject of "Supported Post Secondary Education for
          persons with intellectual disabilities"



          Trig has the same potential and the new information we are learning about DS every day is
          going to help Trig maximize his potential even more!



          Please congratulate your husband Todd too .... I agree with him

          "Why not us ?" Trig and Megan are challenges , true , but the blessings are worth every
          minute!



          Our local DS association partnered in the development of a training module "Brighter
          Tomorrows " for the education of physicians on how to provide balanced information to
          parents who have delivered a child with DS or the diagnosis is made in utero as was your
          case . It was a grant funded by the Centers for Disease Control because it was felt that
          physician education was much needed in light of all the improvements made with health care
          and early intervention.



          I hope some day that our paths will cross and that Megan can meet Trig ! In the mean time,
          please know that our thoughts and best wishes are with you and your family!



          Sincerely,

          Malkanthie McCormick



          mimcco2@email .uky.edu




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0017153
