Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govj
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:28 AM
           To:                      'Iaura. pope@babycenter.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 10:51 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Laura Pope

           address :   10514 Livewood Way San Diego CA 92131

            8586352130




          MESSAGE:

          Hi and CONGRATULATIONS on the birth of your precious Trig! He is gorgeous ! Turns out my
          hsuband, a lawyer knows your neighbor, Mark Choate! small world. Anyway, I am the mom of a
          7 year old little guy. I didn't know he had it as I chose no genetic testing despite my
          age (40). Anyway, it was scary and overwhelming - I was single at the time with a 15 year
          old and I found BabyCenter's community when he was 19 months old and it was a godsend. I
          am an attorney but pretty.much retired to do child and special needs advocacy. I began
          hosting their Down syndrome community and then hired as their staff to moderate their
          community. We have a brand new platform and I would be honored to invite you to it - it is
          in its alpha stage but I am sure we could be of great support to you. I know you are very
          busy but I do hope you would take a moment to pop in and lurk, and maybe join us - we have
          much to share and would love to share your Trig and our angels as well. (Plus, it's a
          great site with so muc

          It more than only Down syndrome. ;) Again, Congratulations! Laura Pope aka BCLauraP aka
          MissFancyPants (my coworkers gave me that screen name ...lol)

          I'll send you an invite via separate e-mail.



          laura.pope@babycenter.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017150
