Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 06, 2008 10:16 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject :                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state . ak.usl

           Sent: Sunday, May 04, 2008 7:02 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms: Ashley Cassity

           address: 14081 Lott Road Citronelle AL 36522

            2518669389




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           I am not a resident of your great state and in fact have never visited it before, but as a
           new mother of a son with Down Syndrome, I want to praise you for your stance of continuing
           on your career in the face of your new challenge.

           My son John William Cassity was born January 8th, 2008 with Down Syndrome and clubbed
           feet. Both of which were a total surprise to myself and my husband. We have taken the same
           attitude as you and your husband of "Why Not us", instead of "Why us"... God has a purpose
           with these special children and he selects special parents to have them.

          I have already been to our states capital(Montgomery, Alabama) since he was born to lobby
          with several Moms for our states Early Intervention Program. The governors (Bob Riley)
          2009 Budget was going to cut this program by $2.4 million. Through our hard effort, we
          were able to convince the house and senate to reinstate $2 million of that money. They
          understand that we were underfunded to start with (as everything is in this day and age)
          and have given us a priority on any extra money that may be left over from the budget.

          I am normally not a "fighter", but since my son was born, I've had to become his voice too
          and fight for his future. I also have a 3 year old daughter with no disabilities. The best
          advice I have ben given and I will pass along to you is... Treat your son Trig like you do
          your other children.

          Good luck to you and your husband (and family) in the future. I know that Trig will bring
          you as much joy as my son has brought me.

          Sincerely,

          Ashley Cassity
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0017164
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          ashaikin@aol.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0017165
