Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Wednesday, May 07, 2008 3:55 PM
          To:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Karleen/Hogan


          Oh, excellent.



          And no, we're not doing a presser re: K's departure. You're right on.



          Thank you!

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: " Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich @ alaska.gov>



          Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 15:47:18

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,      "Perry,    Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Karleen/Hogan




          I talked to Karleen regarding the "cordial departure" and coordinated with her on what we
          are going to say, she is good with it. She was expecting us to do a press release. I
          indicated no we were NOT that we are prepared to address the questions when the press
          calls start coming in. I informed Sharon so she is ready to respond to any calls she gets
          and told her what the company line is.



          Bill Hogan is honored to be acting and he indicated the department can take a sigh of
          relief now. I asked him to prepare in the near future a fleshed out proposal of the issue
          he proposed in his earlier email. We need to have the department to detail for the record
          how and what is needed to accomplished those goals. I asked him to call a time out on the
          needless recruitments that are out there right now until he has time to reassess the
          structure of the department. We need to find a few folks with the right skill set to fill
          a couple of the key jobs in the dept that are currently missing. I will get with Bill
          next week to discuss an improved structure in the department to get things back on track.



          Mike




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0017206
