Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, May 07, 2008 2:59 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 7:09 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. SuEllen Cournoyer

           address: 155 Wood Pond Rd South Windsor CT 06074

             860-432-0045



           MESSAGE:

           Hello Governor, I would like to say congratulations of the birth of your new son, and
           welcome to an extrodinary extended family. I wish you and your family many years of joy
           and happiness. Get ready to spend your days looking at this world in a whole new way.
           Your son will amaze you everyday with his ability to love and accept "EVERYONE" as
           themselves and for who they are. You will truly see a world from his point of view where
           we are all equal and special in our own way. May he be healthy and a little devil to keep
           you on your toes. If you ever do come across obsticles please know that al you have to do
           is reach out, and your new "Family" will be there to help in every way possible.

           My name is SuEllen, and I have family in your beautiful state from Kodiak to anchorage. I
           am also the very proud parent of a 9 year old little girl named Alexandra who just happens
           to have Down Syndrome. She also has an older and younger brother to challenge on a daily
           basis.  Alex has had her medical challenges through out her short life so far, she is
           about to goin for her 18th surgery ( 3 of those have been open heart), but she is the best
           thing i have ever done in my life.

           If you ever need anything just ask. But I just wanted to say hello and welcome. I would
           send you a picture but I can't on this website..

           I wish you all the best with your entire family.            you are truly blessed.

           As i love to say "appreciate the journey" you are one of the lucky ones to take this
           path.

           Sincerely yours,

           SuEllen Cournoyer - Mom to Austin 11, Alex 9 and Ethan 6



           SuEllen.Cournoyer@thehartford.com
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017215
