Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, May 07, 2008 2:54 PM
           To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usj

            Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 4:29 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Toni Lund

            address: 1630 E 2450 South #5 St. George UT 84790

             435-673-3855



           MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,

           Congratulations on the birth of your baby. There was an article in our local paper about
           the birth and a photo of you and your husband and the baby. I know it is not pleasant
           news to learn that your baby is down syndrome. I too had a baby later in life and my
           mother thought she looked like a mongoloid. That was 24 years ago. In looking back on
           the pictures, I might have to agree with her. What I can look at today and see as a
           blessing, is that Amanda had Asthma. I was just beginning to learn about herbs, my mother
           had studied them for years, and used Lobelia to calm her bronchials when she had an asthma
           attack.  Then we were introduced to a green barley juice. I put her and my son, who was
           two, on the juice. I no longer gave them milk to drink but gave them this juice instead.
           After their first serving they no longer had another asthma attack. Why am I telling you
           this? We have not been to a doctor since the birth of my daughter 24 years ago, so I do
           not know if she would h

           ave been diagnosed with down syndrome or if she was indeed a mongoloid . I was treated by
           a midwife and s o there were no tests run. I developed placenta previa six months into
           my pregancy and then was under a doctors watchful eye. Amanda was delivered by cessarian
           at seven months , very healthy by all standards.

            Looking back on her life and drinking the green barley I feel it may have been the thing
            that has changed her life . She has just graduated from BYU-Hawaii in Social Work. She
            spent last summer in Alaska working in Denali and is in every way "normal " If making that
            small dietary change made the difference , I am eternally grateful . I just wanted you to
            know about our experience and if you want to know more I would be happy to share pictures
            of Amanda then and now, or answer any questions you might have.

            God Bless you and your family,

           Toni Lund

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            healthconceptsinc @msn.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017218
