Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Wednesday, May 07 , 2008 2:51 PM
            To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                     Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 1:58 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Barry Siegel

            address: P0 Box 9062 Surprise AZ 85374

             623-556-9915



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin:




            I saw you on TV when you gave an interview on C-Span and on another TV news program. I
            said what an attractive woman Governor Palin is!!!! The operative word that I use is
            "attractive." I was astonished to see a politician--you--answer C-Span callers with much
            candor but also with much graciousness toward the callers. This graciousness is also
            "attractive." Finally, I read in the local newspaper that your husband and you just had a
            child with special needs. The way that the article described the love and devotion that
            you have for your new child is the ultimate attractiveness to me.




            In Jewish, we have a word for a person who is decent and kind: a "MENSCH." Both your
            husband and you are "MENSCH," as you intend to raise your new child with special needs
            with attention and love. Being a "Mensch" is most attractive to me!



            I wish you continued success with your political career. I wish your family all the best,
            and I congratulate your husband and you upon the birth of your new child.



            Finally, politically, John McCain should choose you as his Vice-Presidentia running mate.
            You would be a female candidate added to the presidential ticket, but most of all, I opine
            that you would a qualified choice and most qualified to run the USA if the unforseen
            happened.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0017223
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           May G-D bless your new baby, your family, and you.



           Warmest wishes,



           Barry Siegel



           Barry P. Siegel, CPA




           bps007@earthlink.net




                                                        2
