Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
          Sent:                    Wednesday, May 07, 2008 3:02 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 9:35 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Judith Kaminsky

          address: 152 Overlook Drive Pine Mountain GA 31822

            (706) 663-8770



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Gov.    Palin,




          Our daughter, Jana Hoyt, who lives in Anchorage has kept us abreast of your outstanding
          leadership as Gov. of Alaska. We are quite proud of the way you have handled the issues
          facing your state, and we are most appreciative of your conservatism.



          Most recently, Jana has informed us of the birth of your latest child, sending us articles
          and pictures from the local media. We applaud you and your husband for the positive way
          that you have received your precious new baby. Your comments and those of your husband
          about raising your new son with such heart warming enthusiasm were the most beautiful
          thoughts and words that anyone could ever imagine. When others may have been devastated
          at the news that you received from your doctor, your family elected to view the situation
          in an entirely different way and with an entirely different perspective. You are most
          unique in your attitudes and your strength.



          We congratulate you on your beautiful new son, and we hope that you will continue to be a
          blessing to him and to others who may find themselves in same situation. God knew what He
          was doing when He chose you to receive this wonderful gift, for He surely     knew that you
          would not only be the best parents for this special child, but also that you would be the
          best role models for others. May He give you strength to continue as you have already
          done so magnificently in both your personal and professional lives, and may He continue to
          bless you and your entire family with the goodness and bounty that you so richly deserve.




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0017212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To end on a lighter note, may I just say, "You go, Gov! You rock!"




           Sincerely,

           Judith G. and Sidney F. Kaminsky

           Pine Mountain, GA



          LivingairJudy@ aol.com




                                                       2
