Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Wednesday, May 07, 2008 2:37 PM
             To:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: Health and Social Services "Big Picture" Priorities


             Wow- this is very good. And it's more information than I've ever seen in all these months
             from HSS. It looks like he and his mid-management team are on a very sensible path. I'm
             glad he shared these four objectives... I agree with them.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Nizich , Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich @ alaska.gov>



             Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 13:56:36

             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,     "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

             Subject: FW: Health and Social Services "Big Picture" Priorities




             This is what Bill gave me on the H&SS moving forward in the second half of the
             administration.. Little long but we can use this for some of the specifics relating to your
             "half time" discussion you had with Karleen in regards to where you want the department to
             go in the second half of your first term. I will get with Sharon to be ready for the press
             inquiries and I will follow up with Karleen with this as being the message. Your thoughts?




            From: Hogan, William H (HSS)

              Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 1:14 PM

              To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Hogan, William H (HSS)

             Subject: Health and Social Services "Big Picture" Priorities



            Mike thanks for giving me the opportunity to articulate the four (4) "big picture"
            priorities for the Department of Health and Social Services. I hope you will hear the
            overriding theme for our future direction: helping individuals and families create safe
            and healthy communities.

                                                                     1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0017227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            (1)    . Substance Abuse - substance abuse affects every family and community in Alaska. It
            is a contributing factor in suicides, crime, unemployment, domestic violence, child abuse,
            school dropouts, juvenile delinquency, etc. Although we have a number of initiatives
            underway designed to prevent the use of alcohol and other drugs (i.e. the Prevention of
            Underage Drinking Initiative) and treat those with serious substance abuse/chemical
            dependency problems - we need to develop a public/private partnership and long term
            strategy to significantly reduce the use of alcohol and other drugs in our State.



            (2)     Health and Wellness - we have a population that has excessive rates of tobacco
            use, binge drinking, cancer, heart disease, sexually transmitted diseases , cardio-
            pulmonary problems, diabetes and obesity (especially in kids). We need to work to ensure
            people take "Personal Responsibility" for their own health and wellbeing.




            (3)     Healthcare Reform - our health care system continues to be fragmented and
            uncoordinated and .... frankly doesn't produce the kinds of outcomes we expect. Our
            Medicaid budget has grown to $1.2 billion dollars and supports a broad array of programs
            and services - but is it the best mix of services for the money we spend? The Medicaid
            "benefit package" needs to be re-configured to better meet the health needs of Medicaid
            recipients and their families in a more cost effective and efficient manner . We also need
            to address the uninsured problem in Alaska because "we " are paying for "very expensive"
            care through increased use of emergency rooms and people waiting too long to get care -
            resulting in more serious, chronic conditions. Implementing a disease management program
            is a potential solution.



            (4)     Long Term Care - Seniors are our fastest growing population in Alaska. What kinds
            of services do we want for our aging parents (and grandparents) in order to keep them at
            home in their own communities? The services currently range from in home supports like
            personal care assistance , assisted living homes ( i.e. the Pioneer Homes ) to nursing homes.
            Is this the best configuration? We are developing a strategic plan to determine how best
            to meet the needs of our aging population over the next decade and beyond.



            This is a very "broad brush", high level description of what we think we should focus on
            over the next 2+ years. Needless to say we still need to ensure kids are safe through our
            Office of Children's Services, that both kids and communities are safe through our
            Juvenile Justice programs, that developmentally disabled kids and adults have access to
            quality services and supports, that individuals and families get the kind of financial and
            vocational supports they need through our Public Assistance programs and that we continue
            to ensure we successfully fulfill our numerous public health functions.



            I hope this is what you were looking.



           Please thank the Governor for giving me the opportunity to articulate our priorities. Also
           please thank her for the trust and confidence she has placed in us to lead our Department
           forward in order to meet the health and social service needs of all Alaskans.




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0017228
