Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) jgovpalin@alaska.govj
            Sent:                   Wednesday, May 07, 2008 12:33 PM
            To:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
            Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                Fw: follow-up


            Fyi confidential



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Jackson, Karleen K (HSS)

            To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Palin, Sarah ( GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Wed May 07 12:28:31 2008

            Subject: RE: follow-up



            Thank you, Governor.  As I said, it has been an honor to work with you. I appreciate your
            response and am working with Mike to make sure the transition is as smooth and positive as
            possible.



            God bless you and yours...



           Karleen



           -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

            Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 11:56 AM

           To: Jackson, Karleen K (HSS); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Re: follow-up



           Hi Karleen - I did get the emails and I apologize for taking the time it's taken to
           respond. I agree with totally positive messaging through this... Mr. Nizich will be
           contacting you soon about the logisitics involved in smooth transition at this "half
           time".



           I thank you sincerely for your dedication to Alaska and the important health and social
           services that have been so important to all Alaskans. I know we've all been placed in our
           positions for good reasons, no matter how long that placement tenure was. I can sincerely
           and enthusiastically say I am very thankful to have had this time to work with you and to
           get to know you. I am quite confident you will be moving on to even greener pastures, as
           you have great talent and giftings and you're going to continue to excel.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017245
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thank you for your kind and encouraging messages , and your upstanding professionalism
            through a transition time.



            God bless,

            SP

            Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From : " Jackson , Karleen K (HSS )" < karleen.jackson @ alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 08:30:09

            To:gov . sarah@yahoo . com, "Palin , Sarah    ( GOV sponsored )" < govpalin@alaska.gov>

            Subject : follow-up




            Governor,



            Just checking to see if you got the emails I sent you on Mon . night and Tues . morning -
            and the envelope I dropped off with Kris for you yesterday afternoon?



            Thanks.



            ICarleen




                                                                 2




                                                                                                             P RAGS PO 1 _0017246
