Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Wednesday, May 07,2008 12:30 PM
            To:                     Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Perry; Krisfina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                Re: One more thought re: Senator Green


            Lyda is requesting this to bail her butt out of the pickle she got herself in. She's got
            major pressure on her from conservative groups and tho she's succeeded to a degree in
            putting the burden back on us to expand the call and deal with the failed legislation, she
            hasn't totally deflected the criticism from herself to us. She believes her hide will be
            saved if she gets us to take on this entire burden and wheel and deal to get the bills
            passed.



            We did not introduce the bills. We have not heard from lawmakers what they want us to do
            with the request for expanded call, except from those asking us to please NOT mix AGIA and
            abortion, and please NOT call a sp session to deal with legislation that coulda/shoulda
            been dealt with at the appropriate time through regular session. I'm not hearing from
            anyone but Lyda re: this issue. But even Lyda can't committ to a successful effort on her
            part to usher through these bills.



            I feel very "set up" by Lyda on this one... we're being used. I do want the bills passed,
            obviously, and I don't want her to get to put any blame on me for the failure of these
            bills to have been adopted. She can't succeed in that mission because it's untruthful,
            it's selfish on her part, it would not be right for her to continue to send a message that
            somehow this issue is my fault or my problem.



            My challenge is to get these bills passed while we potentially have the votes to do so...
            but not to cave and do what she's calling on me to do (and it may not even be fruitful)
            just to save her butt with conservatives. She's done nothing - and I mean nothing - to
            usher through any sort of conservative agenda since she became Prez. She's done nothing
            but covertly and overtly try to destroy my admin's agenda from gasline to budget
            constraints to everything else.

            You have not a clue what we've had to deal with since Day One with Lyda and her office.
            The mean-spirited tactics they've taken have absolutely amazed and saddened me.



           I want to see HER leadership skills and passion at play here. She needs to figure out how
           to get this done without using anyone else - and with only truthful efforts at play (which
           may be tough for her and her staff), and she still has not told anyone what her plan is to
           usher through the bills. If she truly has it in her heart to see these issues addressed
           she'd figure out a way to do it.



           If there was a sp sess to deal with this it should be a one day event in Anchorage to get
           it over with. And knowing Lyda she wouldn't even agree to that.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: " Goode , Kelly C (GOV)" <kelly. goode@alaska.gov>

                                                                  I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017242
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 12:08:55

            To:"Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris.perry @ alaska.gov>, ExternalEmailgsp
            <gov.sarah @ yahoo.com>

            Subject: One more thought re: Senator Green




            Governor,



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           I just want to be sure we look at both sides before determining the best action.



           kelly




            From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0017243
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sent: Wed 5/7/2008 8:47 AM

            To: ExternalEmailgsp

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV)

            Subject: Senator Green




           Lyda called this morning. She is back from Texas and would like to follow-up w/you on
           your last conversation re: Special Session. She said she has a plan that she wants to run
           by you. Also, she stated that she has heard that some entities (didn't state who, but I'm
           guessing AK Family Council - Jim Minnery's group) will be campaigning to get the bills
           heard during special session and she would like to divert that.



            I told her that I would relay the message but due to your schedule, am not       ow soon
                         able to contact her. She left the following numbers: cell Privilege   hm
           Privileged or


            Kris Perry, Director

           Office of Governor Sarah Palin &

            Office of International Trade

            907.269.7450 (p)

            907.269.7463 (f)




                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0017244
