Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJREHFELD3
            Sent:                    Wednesday, May 07, 2008 2:54 PM
            To:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); 'knallc@aol.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Dear Ms. Knall:



            Thank you for your email to Governor Palin regarding funding for the University of Alaska
            projects in the FY2009 capital budget.



            We will work with legislators and review each project prior to making any decision
            regarding individual projects. Public input is an important part of the budget process.-
            The information you provided will be considered in our evaluation of the budget.



            Thank you again for your comments.



            Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

            Office of Management and Budget



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 11:37 AM

            To: 'knallc@aol.com'

            Subject: RE: Budget



           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state.ak.us]

           Sent: Tuesday, April 15, 2008 11:04 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Budget
                                                                  i




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0017255
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Web mail from: Ms. Cindy Knall

           address: 2331 Canary Ct. Anchorage AK 99515

             9072452446



           MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin:



           I am writing to request your support of the legislature approved funding for repair and
           maintenance of University.of Alaska buildings, for the UAA Health Sciences Building, and
           for planning and site preparation for an athletic facility at UAA. These projects are
           critical to the health and well being of UAA, to the health and well being of the students
           and to the health and well being of the State of Alaska. Alaskans need the best trained
           and educated workforce. To accomplish this goal, the University of Alaska Anchorage needs
           the legislature approved funding for these projects.



            knallc@aol.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0017256
