Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :        Jackson, Karleen K (HSS) [karleen.jackson@alaska.gov]
                Sent:         Wednesday, May 07, 2008 8:30 AM
                To:           ExtemalEmailgsp; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject:      follow-up
                .Importance: High
                Governor,

                Just checking to see if you got the emails I sent you on Mon . night and Tues. morning - and the envelope
                I dropped off with Kris for you yesterday afternoon?

                Thanks.

                Karleen




                 10/15/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017247
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                PW Exp Warning                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :    ETS Help Center [help center@admin . state.ak.usj
                Sent:     Wednesday, May 07, 2008 7:08 AM
                To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Password expiration warning
                Take Action Today!
                The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Thursday May 8th , 2:34 PM.
                In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
                password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
                Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
                characters:

                     upper case alphabet
                     lower case alphabet
                     numbers
                     punctuation or symbols

                Prior passwords may not be re-used.

                Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
                and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
                applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
                may need to be updated or deleted.

                Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
                assistance related to changing passwords.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017248
