Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOW]
            Sent:                   Thursday, May 08, 2008 7:28 PM
            To:                     'gov.sarah @yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Goode; Kelly C
                                    (GOV)
            Subject:                Sen. Elton's Off the Record (5-8-08)




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Sutton, Anne <ASutton@ap.org>

            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Sent: Thu May 08 17:41:46 2008

            Subject:   FW: Sen. Elton's Off the Record ( 5-8-08)



            See under heading 'Capitol Undercurrents'. Thx, Anne




            From: Sen. Kim Elton     [ mailto:SenatorKim Elton @ legis.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 3:36 PM

            To: newsletter html

            Subject: Sen. Elton's-Off the Record (5-8-08)




             <http://www.aksenate.org/elton>             off the record

            a VIP policy letter

            from

            Senator Kim Elton

           Room 506, State Capitol, Juneau, AK 99801

            * 465-4947 Phone * 465-2108 FAX



           Edition # 307       Please feel free to forward             May 8, 2008




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0017271
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    Economic disaster letter



            (This newsletter column is the letter the Juneau legislative delegation sent to the
            governor May 5 asking her to reconsider her acceptance of the disaster cabinet's
            recommendation to not declare the catastrophic Snettisham avalanche event a disaster. The
            governor has not yet responded . Nor has she responded to two previous requests for
            consideration of a disaster declaration from members of the Juneau legislative
            delegation.)



            May 5, 2008



            Gov. Sarah Palin

            State of Alaska

            Box 110001

            Juneau, AK 99811



            Dear Gov. Palin:



                Your press office has issued a statement noting you agree with the recommendation
           from the disaster cabinet that the Snettisham avalanche power emergency falls short of
           qualifying for a disaster . We ask that you reconsider that decision after you receive the
           disaster cabinet's written findings.

                 This request is predicated upon three concerns:

                1. the disaster cabinet decision limits the definition of a disaster too narrowly and
           your acceptance of the cabinet ' s decision precludes you from exercising the same latitudes
           exercised by your predecessors;

                2. the disaster cabinet decision presupposes decisions not yet made by federal
           agencies and limits the ways the Alaska congressional delegation can work with federal
           agencies that actually may be able to assist Juneau residents; and

                3. any decision to accept the disaster cabinet recommendation, without written
           findings that outline the criteria used by the disaster cabinet and the areas in which the
           City and Borough of Juneau application fell short, seems premature.

                First , we believe the disaster cabinet erred by defining a disaster too narrowly. You
           are very familiar , given your long association with the Bristol Bay fishery , with the July
           18, 1997 , state disaster declaration premised on the Bristol Bay salmon run collapse.
           Governor Tony Knowles declared a disaster based on a temporary economic setback for
           certain classes of Bristol Bay residents . His disaster declaration provided state economic
           assistance totaling more than $ 2 million to fish harvesters , crewmembers, cannery workers,
           and subsistence fish harvesters who faced economic hardship following the natural disaster
           in the Bay.

                The disaster cabinet leader appears to have used another comparable to explain the
           disaster cabinet ' s failure to recommend you declare the Snettisham avalanche aftermath a
           disaster . Several press reports quote General Campbell citing a January 1, 2005, disaster
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 0017272
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           declaration for the village of Kaktovik. He explains Juneau's situation is not as dire
           because the utility that provides hydroelectric power has diesel backup capacity so there
           are no life or safety implications.

                The general's sole use of the Kaktovik comparable ignores other disaster declarations
           with a broader definition of disaster, including any disaster based on economic hardship.
           Gov. Knowles ' Bristol Bay decision based on economic impacts--allowed in statute then and
           now--rested on the understanding that statutes allow an important, and broader, disaster
           definition. That definition is not so narrow as the example put forth by the disaster
           cabinet suggests.

                Gov. Knowles, with his Bristol Bay declaration, clearly understood the implications
           of economic hardship (so, we believe, do you given your intervention in the Mat Maid
           situation predicated on economic setbacks for a smaller group of Alaskans). In fact, Gov.
           Knowles built upon his 1997 Bristol Bay disaster declaration with a 1998 Western Alaska
           fish disaster declaration that provided more than $6 million in state assistance and
           helped secure another $18 million from federal agencies.

                To finish this point, we believe acceptance of the disaster cabinet recommendation
           limits your powers to assist economically stressed Juneau residents and that limitation
           not only leaves economically stressed residents here without assistance but constrains
           decisions you or your successors may need to make in the future . You have the same power
           to assist and mitigate economic hardships caused by the Snettisham avalanche that Gov.
           Knowles had in 1997 and 1998 in Bristol Bay and Western Alaska. The questions simply are:
           whether you wish to use that power; and, if not, whether departure from precedent set in
           Bristol Bay and Western Alaska limits future options for you and future governors.

                Our concerns about limiting federal assistance are more straightforward . Failure to
           declare a state disaster , even though economic hardship disasters have been invoked by
           your predecessor, limits our congressional delegation's ability to engage the assistance
           of the federal government. In a discussion with General Campbell the day he announced the
           disaster cabinet recommendation , he said indications from the Federal Emergency Management
           Agency (FEMA) led him to believe that the Snettisham situation would not meet guidelines
           used by federal agencies.

                With all due respect, we believe the most important communications with federal
           agencies, including FEMA, will be the ones initiated by our congressional delegation
           following a state disaster declaration . Any conversation by any member of your disaster
           cabinet that ends without a definitive and written denial by federal policy makers takes
           our congressional delegation completely out of the picture.

                We note here that both Sens . Ted Stevens and Lisa Murkowski expressed concern with
           your disaster cabinet's recommendation.

                Finally, we don't yet know the criteria applied by the disaster cabinet in its
           consideration of the Snettisham avalanche application. In a conversation with General
           Campbell shortly after the disaster cabinet recommendation was announced and just an hour
           or so before your press office noted you accepted the cabinet's recommendation, he noted
           the written recommendation from the disaster cabinet to you would not be complete for at
           least two days. He made that point after he was asked to outline the criteria used by your
           disaster cabinet and to point out where the City and Borough of Juneau request fell short.

                 We understand his reluctance to respond to a request from a legislator for written
           criteria before the written criteria are provided to you. But if the written finding
           outlining the criteria used (or not used) was not going to be available to you for two
           days , we urge you to simply note that your decision to accept the recommendation was
           preliminary and subject to change after your analysis. of any written report so your final
           judgment could more fully be based upon the criteria used and your understanding of
           precedent -- especially the Bristol Bay and Western Alaska disaster declarations.

                Governor , we appreciate your consideration of the points raised in this letter.
           Enclosed are two previous letters from members of the Juneau legislative delegation about
           the Snettisham avalanche consequences that have not yet been responded to by any member of
           your office.

                In conclusion, we invite you to meet with folks in Juneau about the hardships many
           Juneau residents face before you finalize your decision based on the written report from
                                                        3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017273
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           the disaster cabinet. We can facilitate meetings with the United Way, Catholic Community
           Services , St. Vincent de Paul, the AWARE shelter , the Juneau Economic Development Council,
           the mayor and assembly , Alaska Electric Light and Power, or any other person or entity you
           may wish to discuss the issue with.

                 We can also arrange a fly-by of the avalanche that forced AEL&P to shift to diesel-
            generated power, pushing electric rates far higher than any other community in the state
            pays and tipping many of our neighbors into economic distress . If this doesn ' t fit your
            schedule , we would be happy to do the same for Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell, your chief of staff,
            or any other designee.



            Sincerely,



            Senator Kim Elton              Representative Beth Kerttula            Representative Andrea Doll




            Phone:   ( 907) 465-4947

            Fax: (907 )   465-2108

           Mail: Sen . Kim Elton , State Capitol

            Juneau, AK 99801



           Got a scoop? Call or email your tips and suggestions to any of the email addresses below:



           Email:

           Senator. Kim. Elton <mailto:elton@ akdemocrats.org>

           Kristen.Bressette <mailto: Kristen.Bressette @legis.state. ak.us>

           Paula.Cadiente <mailto:Paula.Cadiente@legis. state.ak.us>

           Jesse.Kiehl <mailto:Jesse.Kiehl@legis. state.ak.us>

           Web: http:// aksenate .org <http:// www.aksenate.org/>




           Grin and burger it --The Broiler Restaurant in Juneau is giving customers the opportunity
           to `eat ' the skyrocketing cost of electricity with a smile . At the top of the Specials
           board they have:

           The AEL&P Burger

           Plain burger with nothing

           Was: $7.99

           Now: $39.95 or 12 easy payments of $3.33 while supplies last.

                                                              4



                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017274
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Good choice--Juneau folks working on Snettisham disaster communications adopted a logo and
            message that says "Juneau Unplugged". It has a cord with an unplugged plug dangling from
            the 'U' in Juneau. That logo beat out a distant runner-up that had an image of a wall
            light switch with the saying "Flip 'em Off".



            As I say, not as I do--The Department of Administration told other state agencies to help
            conserve energy in state-owned facilities in Juneau to help the community deal with the
            Snettisham energy disaster. Good suggestion that many followed. Reports are that one state
            agency seemed to ignore the missive, much to the dismay of employees who took it upon
            themselves to stand on desks to remove some light bulbs and unplug unused equipment. What
            agency's lack of interest, you ask, prompted employees to take matters into their own
            hands? Why it was the Department of Environmental Conservation.




                    Capitol Undercurrents



            Juneau road and guv's email--My office received a copy of email correspondence from the
            governor to her commissioner of the Department of Transportation and Public Facilities,
            and from the commissioner to the head of the DOTPF SE Region. The emails were sent May 4,
            following the Anchorage Daily News editorial critical of the Juneau access road. Unedited,
            the governor's email (sent from her BlackBerry at 7:14 a.m. Sunday):



            "Leo--ADN wrote an editorial today re: continued work and expenditure on Juneau Rd. There
            needs to be clarification on my position there, which I thought we expressed to interested
            lawmakers two weeks ago -- the letter explained that the Corps had not permitted it, and
            there were many hurdles it seemed before the possibility of permitting... so I don't know
            what 'continued work' is that ADN is writing about. Is there money in the budget for the
            more Juneau rd planning? If there is, I need to know where it is, how much, etc. The rd is
            not a priority for our admin, esp knowing the Corps may not even permit it.



            "I'm not clear on what the ADN refers to re: cont work on the project, except for the fact
            we're waiting for the Corps to tell us whether it is even permittable. If it is, THEN
            policy decisions are made regarding spending any more money on this project or not. What
            money is being spent today, before we even know of the Corps' decision? My understanding
            is we're NOT spending money on the project at this time, that it's essentially at a stand-
            still until the Corps does its thing with its evaluation. Thanks"



            The commissioner forwarded the governor's email to Malcolm Menzies and his email (sent at
            11:20 a.m. Sunday) read: "Read this over and call frank and I. This is the first time I
            have heard this from the governor. Leo"



           Three points: 1) I don't know who the interested lawmakers the governor communicated with
           were (it was none of the lawmakers who live in Haines or Juneau, it was not the chair of
           the Senate Transportation Committee whose district also encompasses the region in which
           the road could be built); 2) the Frank referred to in the commissioner's email is,
           presumably, Frank Richards, a DOTPF deputy commissioner; and 3) we have asked the
           cojnmissioner for a copy of Mr. Menzies response.



           No joke--"When I first came here, people said: 'you're the first comedian to come to the
           statehouse.' I say, 'I'm the first professional comedian to come to the statehouse.'"
                                                         5




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017275
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Vermont Representative Jason Lorber , who does standup gigs ,       as reported by the Associated
           Press and picked up in the magazine State Legislatures.




           To view the Juneau Legislative Delegation webpage for issues regarding the Snettisham
           emergency crisis , click here: www.akdemocrats . org/juneau/
           <http: // www.akdemocrats . org/juneau/> .



           If you would like to receive this newsletter or if you want to be removed from the mailing
           list, please contact Kristen Bressette at kristen . bressette @ legis . state . ak.us and have her
           add or remove your name . View back copies of Off the Record prior to 1-26-07 at
           http: // elton.akdemocrats . org <http :// elton.akdemocrats . org/> and after 1-26-07 at
           http :// elton . aksenate . org <http :// elton . aksenate . org/> .




           The information contained in this communication is intended for the use

           of the designated recipients named above . If the reader of this

           communication is not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified

           that you have received this communication in error, and that any review,.

           dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly

           prohibited . If you have received this communication in error , please

           notify The Associated Press immediately by telephone at +1-212 - 621-1898

           and delete this email . Thank you.

            [IP US DISC]

           msk dccc60c6d2c3a6438fOcf467d9a4938




                                                           6




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0017276
