Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 08, 2008 3:16 PM
            To:                      Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Seniors




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 10:18 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Seniors



            Web mail from: Joshua Marks

            address: 8810 Arlene St Unit 1 Anchorage AK 99502




            MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin

            My name is Joshua Marks, I am an employee of a state funded agency that provides support
            services the disabled. I first want to congratulate you on the birth of your son Trig. I
            also would like to offer my sympathy for some of the comments I've read on the adn.com
            message board following Steve Quinn's article.

            On a personal note, while you've said the initial reaction to your son's diagnosis of
            Down's was a disappointment, I believe everything happens for a reason. I think that your
            family situation raises a perfect opportunity to address the disabled support services
            industry that is currently as the Department of Labor says is an "industry in crisis."

            Speaking personally, the lack of health care, vacation or sick leave, seldom pay raises,
            or other benefits for caregivers of the disabled is only the beginning.

           I had a incident about two years ago with a client of mine, where during an episode he
           struck me with an open hand, rupturing my eardrum, and I was forced to have surgery to
           repair it. At the time I worked with him 7 days a week, 4 hours a day, but he was also my
           roommate. Because of this my work comp for the surgery was denied because the insurance
           company said I was not blanketed by work comp 24/7. And with no insurance from my
           employer, I was left with a $8,000 bill for the surgery.

           This type of issue is not uncommon, and some caregivers have even been killed by clients.
           My own opinion is that if you want to answer your critics like the ones on the adn message
           board, you should face this issue head on and work to bring stability to our industry that
           Trig will likely need support from.



           jmarks49@yahoo.com
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017306
