Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 08 , 2008 3:48 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 08 , 2008 11:35 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Monica Balduf

            address: 6203 Arbor Banks Terrace Chester VA 23831

              804-647-9092



            MESSAGE:

            I would like to say "Thank you" for your openness regarding your new baby boy, Trig. My
            daughter, Sarah Ashley, was born on December 4, 2007 with Down syndrome. Your story is so
            similar to mine. I am so thankful that your story is going public. What a great position
            your are in to promote pro-life, especially for disabled babies. I, too, am a strong
            believer in our Lord Jesus Christ and a pro-lifer. I am so excited that God chose me to
            be Sarah's mommy. She has brought so much joy to our home and the lives around her. She
            is God's gift to me and my husband, Paul. God has recently opened doors for me to share
            Sarah's story in two large venues. It was amazing to see the response of people when they
            heard the statitics of aborted babies. I had found the same statistic that approx 90% of
            babies with prenatal diagnosis of Ds were aborted. It shocked me to the core. I believe
            that God has a perfect plan for my daughter, Sarah. I believe He is going to use her in a
            mighty way for His Kingdom. Your story was inspiring to me. I just want you to know that
            you too are making a difference in our nation. Thank you for sharing your son with the
            nation. God bless you and your family.



            Only by HIS Grace,

            Monica Balduf

            "Sarah's mommy"

            Chester , Virginia



            mbalduf@imb.org




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017295
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Untitled Document                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Thursday, May 08, 2008 4:00 PM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert




               From: Stats [mailto:stats@wiche.edu]
               Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 1:32 PM
               To: Patin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: WICHE Stat Alert


                Stat Alert -May 8, 2008
               The Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL) has recently released Adult Learning
               in Focus : National and State-by-State Data
               ( http://www.cael .org/pdf/Rublicationjxlf/State Indicators Monograanh.ndf). This report
               examines how well states are doing on meeting the educational needs of their adult populations
               and finds great variability . It argues that states and the nation can match the educational
               attainment levels - and continued global competitiveness - by concentrating their efforts on
               traditional-age students alone . In addition to the report, CAEL - in partnership with the National
               Center for Higher Education Management Systems (NCHEMS) - has produced individual state
               profiles with key indicators of success in serving adult students , available at
               http://www.cael. org/adultleatninginfocus.htm.

               The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent communication
               with the education policy and research communities . To subscribe or unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat
               Alerts distribution lists, please email your name, title, and organization to Cheryl Graves at caavesia .wiche.edu.
               These electronic distribution lists are used only to support WICHE- sponsored programs and to share resources about
               relevant issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a Policy
               Publication Clearinghouse on the web at hgp ://wiche.ed olicv/Clearin ouse, which includes past Policy Alerts
               and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy briefs.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017296
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                  Page 1 of 6


                Unknown

                From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:        Thursday, May 08, 2008 3:57 PM
                To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject : FW: Weekly News Bulletin : May 7-13,2008




                From : Waste Business Journal [mailto: info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
                Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 2:36 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: May 7-13, 2008


                                               If you are having trouble viewing this email , you may see It online.




                           Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : May 7-13, 2008


                HEADLINES...
                1. EPA Resists Pressure for Extra Waste-to-Ethanol RFS Credits
                2. EPA Region 5 Chief Resigns after Dispute
                3. Plan to Forge E-Waste Bill Stalls With Resignation of Key
                    Proponent
                4. Chicago Dumps Controversial Blue Bag Program
                5. Wastequip May Close Some Operations as it Streamlines
                6. CRRA Ash Landfill Plan in Trouble
                7. Safety-Kleen Files Registration for IPO
                8. Clean Harbors First Quarter Profit Rises on Higher Revenues
                9. Growth in Revenues and Profits for Veolia Environment 's First
                    Quarter
                10. Greenstar North America to Invest $300 Million in Single-
                    Stream
                11. DOE Awards $4 Million to TVA to Design Nuclear Reprocessing
                    Plant
                12. EnergySolutions Sues for Right to Import Foreign Waste into
                    Utah
                13. Fortistar Buys Two More Landfill Gas to Energy Projects
                14. Terrabon Begins Work on Low -Cost Biomass Conversion Plant
                15. CleanTech Biofuels Says First Phase of MSW to Ethanol Project
                    is Operational
                16. Industrial Services First Quarter Revenue and Profit Up


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business 3ournal. WB3
                 provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more, please
                 visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0017297
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                        Page 2 of 6


                 _Please_feel_free_to,.forward this bulletin to your colleagues,,,._,__



                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market...
                Market radius reports capture all waste
                operations within a given market. They
                provide analysis of the major players by
                market share, and show historical trends
                of pricing, volume and capacity specific to
                that area. [Learn More...l




                1.   EPA RESISTS PRESSURE FOR EXTRA WASTE-TO-ETHANOL RFS
                     CREDITS
                     The renewable fuels and solid waste industry are said to be concerned with
                     EPA reluctance to offer additional credits for developing waste-to-ethanol
                     and other sources that exceed the greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goals of
                     the recent energy law's renewable fuel standard (RFS). The industry may
                     ask Congress to intervene by passing legislation granting more credits to
                     developers of very low carbon fuels. President Bush in December signed the
                     energy law requiring the production of 36 billion gallons of renewable fuels
                     by 2022, with 21 billion gallons to come from advanced blofuel or other
                     than corn-based, such as fuel from garbage. An EPA abstract acknowledges
                     that MSW Is a plentiful feedstock and the fuel made from this source could
                     realize significant GHG reductions in comparison to other blofuels. It states
                     that 77% of the 251 million tons generated annually could be used to make
                     biofuel, an energy equivalent to 10.7 billion gallons of gasoline. Other
                     benefits are numerous: MSW Is generated near population centers, so it
                     would not need to be transported very far, its use as a fuel source would
                     not require land-use changes as does corn, and keeping it out of landfills
                     avoids. methane released during decomposition. Although there are
                     currently no commercial scale facilities that turn garbage into blofuel,
                     numerous companies are moving ahead with plans for facility
                     construction.. . Read More e


               2.     EPA REGION 5 CHIEF RESIGNS AFTER DISPUTE
                     The head of the US EPA's Midwest Office (Region 5) has resigned over a
                     dispute with agency leadership involving enforcement actions against Dow
                     Chemical Co. Mary Gade, whose departure Is the latest In a string of public
                     conflicts within the agency, is a former corporate attorney and Bush
                     campaign adviser, who said that she had been forced to resign. The conflict
                     appears to stem from failed negotiations between her office and Dow
                     Chemical over cleanup actions related to dioxin contamination in the
                     Tittabawassee River system. John Musser, a Dow Chemical spokesman, said
                     that Ms. Gade's office asked Dow "to do things that were not consistent with
                     national guidelines or national policy." Dow took its case to Washington
                     where It argued unfair treatment by the local office. EPA director Stephen
                     Johnson has been under fire by congressional democrats for overruling staff
                     In disputes such as denying California permission to regulate greenhouse-
                     gas emissions from automobiles, or even toforrnally declare greenhouse-gas
                     emissions a threat to public welfare, a legal prerequisite to their regulation.


               3.    PLAN TO FORGE E- WASTE BILL STALLS WITH RESIGNATION
                     OF KEY PROPONENT
                     A bipartisan plan to forge a national policy for electronic waste that would
                     require EPA to ban land-disposal of the waste has stalled after its chief
                     proponent, Rep. Albert Wynn ( D-MD), resigned his chairmanship of a key
                     House environmental subcommittee last month. The plan as detailed in a
                     concept paper had already drawn criticism from EPA, states, industry and
                     environmental groups . It now appears that It will take a year or more to for



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0017298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 3 of 6


                      an e-waste bill to pass Congress. A number of states have enacted their
                      own programs for dealing with e-waste. The e-waste plan was meant to
                      meld the disjointed patchwork of state measures into a consistent federal
                      program. The concept paper calls for amending the Resource Conservation
                      & Recovery Act to include a subtitle to cover e-waste, advocates banning
                      land disposal of e-waste, seeks EPA oversight for minimum standards for
                      state programs and requires greater notification and consent for the export
                      of e-waste to foreign ports. .. Read More »


                4.   CHICAGO DUMPS CONTROVERSIAL BLUE BAG PROGRAM
                     The City of Chicago will end its controversial blue bag recycling program in
                     favor of blue cart system similar to that which has been deployed in many
                     other cities . The city had already been abandoning the program,
                     implemented In 1995, which failed to gain traction and was marred in
                     controversy. The city will distribute carts to another 92,000 households this
                     year, bringing service to nearly a third of the 600,000 homes in the city and
                     add 140,000 more homes per year from 2009 through 2011. Under the blue
                     bag program, residents had been asked to place recyclables in plastic bags
                     that were comingled with regular trash and then sorted later at recycling
                     facilities. The city claimed a 25 % diversion rate although studies showed
                     that few residents actually used the blue bags resulting In an actual
                     diversion rate closer to 8 %. The city had also begun allowing much of
                     Chicago 's residential waste to bypass the expensive sorting centers built
                     expressly for the blue bag program . Especially, since politically connected
                     private haulers never embraced the program either...Read More »


                5. WASTEQUIP MAY CLOSE SOME OPERATIONS AS IT
                   STREAMLINES
                     Waste handling equipment manufacturer Wastequip has deployed a
                     restructuring initiative that will involve the closure of some production
                     facilities. Under the guise of creating a "greener" company, the intention is
                     to improve efficiencies through streamline operations and improved
                     customer support. The company has made dozens of acquisitions in recent
                     years and then was Itself acquired by a private equity fund in late 2006. The
                     company now operates 35 manufacturing plants but has not disclosed how
                     many of those will be closed. Management said that it expects to have a
                     better idea in the next 45 to 60 days as the plan takes shape...Read More


                6.   CRRA ASH LANDFILL PLAN IN TROUBLE
                     The Connecticut state senate has unanimously passed a bill that barns the
                     Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority (CRRA) from building a
                     despareatly needed ash landfill near the town of Franklin. If passed by the
                     House, It will throw years of plans by the agency to replace Its Hartford
                     landfill, already slated for closure this year, with much needed space for ash
                     residue from the state's bum plants. Paul Nonnenmacher, a spokesman for
                     the CRRA, said that "If this bill passes, the legislature is turning over a
                     significant part of solid waste system to out-of-state companies, over which
                     Connecticut has no control." Even without interfereence from the
                     legislature, the 350-acre Franklin site would not be ready until 2011 at the
                     earliest. If built, it would accomodate about 300 thousand tons of ash per
                     year brought there on 60 trucks per day...Read More »


               7. SAFETY- KLEEN FILES REGISTRATION FOR IPO
                     Safety-Kleen Hold Co ., Inc., which was formed to serve as the ultimate
                     holding company of the industrial waste, solvent recycling , and parts
                     cleaning firm Safety-Kleen Systems, Inc., announced that It has filed a
                     registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
                     for an Initial public offering (IPO) of common stock. The offering, for which
                     Merrill Lynch and JPMorgan will serve as the underwriters, is expected to
                     raise up to $300 million, although the filing did not specify the number of
                     shares to be offered or the expected share price . The company's stock will
                     be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol'SK ."..Read
                     More »



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0017299
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                          Page 4 of 6




                8.   CLEAN HARBORS FIRST QUARTER PROFIT RISES ON HIGHER
                     REVENUES
                     Norwell, Mass .- based waste management services provider Clean Harbors
                     Inc. said its first-quarter profit more than doubled , helped by higher
                     revenue from both its technical and site services unit. Quarterly profit rose
                     to $8.9 million, or $0.43 per share, from $3.4 million, or $0.17 per share, in
                     the same period last year. Revenue rose 18 percent to $242. 5 million from
                     $205 million last year. For the second quarter, the company expects
                     revenue of $260 million to $263 million ... Read More))


                                 ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL
                Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous
                Waste Sites
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
                Waste Sites is the only directory of Its kind and Is
                the most up-to-date and comprehensive facility
                database of over 7,400 waste processing and
                disposal facilities across the US.

                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
                Waste Sites is a powerful research and analysis
                tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
                operating profiles of all landfills, waste -to-energy
                plants, materials recovery facilities, construction &
                demolition landfills, transfer stations, composting
                operations and more throughout the entire US.
                (Learn More...]


               9.    GROWTH IN REVENUES AND PROFITS FOR VEOLIA
                     ENVIRONMENT'S FIRST QUARTER
                     Veolla Environnement said first-quarter revenues rose 16 .6% to 9.086
                     billion Euros from a year-earlier 7 .795 billion, but that Its gross operating
                     profit grew more slowly due to lower margins for recent acquisitions and
                     certain contracts. On an organic basis, revenues rose 11%. Acquisitions
                     contributed 7.9% to growth , while exchange rates had a negative Impact of
                     2.3% or 182 million Euros . Operating profit reached 701.2 million Euros, up
                     7.1% on 654 . 8 million . Without the exchange rate impact, profit would have
                     been up by 9 %. Environmental Services recorded revenues of 2.416 billion
                     Euros, up 18 .8% or 7 .7% In organic terms ... Read More»


               10. GREENSTAR NORTH AMERICA TO INVEST $300 MILLION IN
                   SINGLE-STREAM
                   Greenstar North America and Its Irish parent, NTR plc, plan to invest $300
                   million in solar, wind and single-stream recycling capabilities In 2008. The
                   new Investment will give Houston-based Greenstar, a processor of
                   recyclables, a recycling capacity of more than 1 million tons a year by the
                   end of 2008. Currently, Its single-stream processing capacity Is 500,000
                   tons a year. In Texas, the company currently provides single-stream
                   services in Dallas and San Antonio. The company plans to add new facilities,
                   upgrade equipment and introduce both residential and commercial single-
                   stream processing to Its facilities... Read More r


               11. DOE AWARDS $4 MILLION TO TVA TO DESIGN NUCLEAR
                   REPROCESSING PLANT
                   The Department of Energy has awarded $4 million to the Tennessee Valley
                   Authority (TVA) to develop a conceptual design for a nuclear waste
                   reprocessing plant that might ultimately become a demonstration facility.
                   The intent is to demonstrate new technology to recycle useful material
                   contained in nuclear waste sitting in storage at nuclear power plants across




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0017300
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 5 of 6


                    the country. TVA President and CEO Tom Kilgore acknowledged that it
                    would be a long term project that will eventually cost billions of dollars to
                    fully develop... Read More »


                12. ENERGYSOLUTIONS SUES FOR RIGHT TO IMPORT FOREIGN
                    WASTE INTO UTAH
                    EnergySolutions Inc., which has had plans to Import nuclear waste from
                    Italy, has filed a federal lawsuit to prevent state government interference
                    with the plan. The company asserts the eight-state "Northwest Compact"
                    that oversees waste disposal in the region lacks authority over a privately
                    owned entity. Its license to Import 20,000 tons of waste Is pending before
                    the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. The plan would be to import the
                    waste through Charleston, S.C., or New Orleans and process it in
                    Tennessee. After processing, about 1,600 tons of waste would be disposed
                    at its facility In Tooele County, about 70 miles west of Salt Lake City. The
                    Tooele county facility currently accommodates 98% of the low-level waste
                    generated nationwide... Read More »


                13. FORTISTAR BUYS TWO MORE LANDFILL GAS TO ENERGY
                    PROJECTS
                    Fortistar, which has been amassing a portfolio of renewable green energy
                    projects, recently acquired two more landfill gas to energy projects In Fort
                    Worth, Texas and Boise, Idaho from G2 Energy, a private developer. The
                    projects collectively generate 4.8 megawatts. With 59 such projects,
                    Fortistar now generates the equivalent of over 370 MWs Including this latest
                    acquisition. It also makes Fortistar one of the largest owners of landfill gas
                    projects in the country with about 12% of the total number. Fortistar is also
                    working with G2 Energy on three more landfill gas projects in California,
                    Texas, and Florida that will generate 8 MW collectively... Read More s


                14. TERRABON BEGINS WORK ON LOW -COST BIOMASS
                    CONVERSION PLANT
                    Terrabon, L.L.C. announced that it has broken ground on a blofuels
                    conversion facility in Bryan, Texas, that will test the scaled-up, commercial
                    feasibility of its MixAlco(TM) technology, which converts readily- available,
                    low-cost, non-food biomass Into chemicals that can be processed Into
                    ethanol and renewable gasoline fuels. The MixAlco technology uses non-food
                    feedstocks such as municipal solid waste, sewage sludge, forest product
                    residues and non-edible energy crops to create acetic acid and alcohols that
                    may be converted into fuel. The demonstration plant will confirm the
                    engineering for the technology on a larger scale .. .Read More g


                15. CLEANTECH BIOFUELS SAYS FIRST PHASE OF MSW TO
                    ETHANOL PROJECT IS OPERATIONAL
                   CleanTech Biofuels said that the first phase of Its MSW waste-to-ethanol
                   plant is now operational and that testing of cellulosic feedstocks has
                   begun... Read More ,


                16. INDUSTRIAL SERVICES FIRST QUARTER REVENUE AND
                     PROFIT UP
                   Louisville, KY-based Industrial Services of America, a recycling and waste-
                   management company, said that first-quarter revenue increased 46% to
                   $26.1 million from $17.9 million the year before. Net income rose 37% to
                   $1 million , or $0.30 per share, up from $793,080, or $0.22 per share In the
                   first quarter of 2007. According to ISA's chairman and chief executive,
                   Harry Metter, With this first quarter we have achieved a revenue run-rate
                   of approximately $ 100 million, as we progress through 2008, we will
                   continue to focus on the fundamentals of profitably growing our business by
                   Investing In our processes and by serving our customers well."..Read More »




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0017301
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 6 of 6


                Waste Market Overview &                W" of the Waste Mona            Ii
                Outlook                                Hil0kiftatVAPIMPOW
                                                       Ob a*- 0411
                The Waste Market Overview
                examines the industry top to
                bottom covering waste
                generation, collection,
                processing , recovery and
                disposal by revenue and volume.
                The report details the
                relationship of past and future
                pricing to capacity and demand
                for disposal , and shows the
                increasing role of the private
                sector. Waste equipment and the
                emerging importance of e-waste,
                C&D recovery, food wastes , tires and medical wastes are examined.
                · Market Revenues by Segment
                · Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                · Collection , Processing and Disposal Markets
                · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                · Waste Management Equipment
                [Learn More...]



                 ABOUT US
                 Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                 variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based on
                 their particular needs . Please give us a call or email to discuss how we can
                 help you.
                 CONTACT US
                 PO Box 40034
                 San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                 Tel 619. 793.5190
                 Fax 619.793.4713
                 Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                 Forward email
                 UNSUBSCRIBE
                 This email was sent to offlce_of the govemor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                 info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                 Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribeTM
                  Privacy Policy.
                 QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                 Email thompson @wastebusinessjournaLcom.
                 DISCLAIMER
                 Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear and
                 are unintentional.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017302
