Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, May 08, 2008 3:08 PM
            To:                      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Budget




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 10:41 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Budget



            Web mail from: Ms. Michelle Eastty

            address: Box 723 Glennallen AK 99588

             907-822-4014




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Gov. Palin,



            I have been meaning to write since you took office to thank you for the great job you are
            doing as governor. I appreciate your willingness to cut down on unnecessary expenses in
            the budget and to be financially responsible. On a personal note, congratulations on the
            birth of Trig Paxson (great name!) and God's blessings on you as you raise him. What a
            wonderful example you are in accepting and loving this new life that God has allowed into
            your home.



            As you look at this year's budget, I would like to ask you to consider a project on behalf
            of my electric cooperative, Copper Valley Electric Association. Page 38 of the capital
            budget has four projects that are of utmost importance to help keep costs as low as
            possible. Rising fuel, electric, food, and other costs are out of hand and anything you
            can do to help with this crisis is appreciated.



            Thank you for your consideration.



            mleastty@cvinternet.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0017307
