Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent :   Thursday, May 08, 2008 3:19 PM
                To:      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
                Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Kincaid Park Regional Facility Infrastructure Improvements




                From: Chris Rude [mailto:crude@rsa-ak.com]
                Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 9:48 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Parnell, Sean R (GOV)
                Subject: Kincaid Park Regional Facility Infrastructure Improvements




                Dear Governor Sarah Palin:

                First I would like to congratulate you on the birth of your new baby boy Trig. I wish you both the best.

                I am writing seeking approval from you for the Kincaid Park Improvements . Here are some reasons why
                these improvements are needed:

                 Soccer is the sport with the most participants in Anchorage, and that participation
                has doubled in the past 5 years.
                 The new soccer fields at Kincaid will benefit players from across Alaska, including high
                school teams from across Alaska, youth recreational players, and competitive players from
                     Anchorage and the Mat-Su Valley (whose teams play in the Anchorage league).
                 The Parks and Recreation Department estimates that Anchorage is 16-22 fields short to
                meet demand.
                 Several hundred kids have been turned away from local soccer programs in the last two+
                years because of a lack of fields for them to play on.
                 The poor condition of most Anchorage fields causes injuries to our kids.
                 The new fields at Kincaid will help fill the current field shortage, and allow for other fields
                in the region to be rested and improved.
                 Many Alaskan communities smaller than Anchorage (including Fairbanks and Kenai) have
                multi-field soccer complexes. These complexes are more efficient to maintain than fields
                    scattered through the community.
                 Sports facilities throughout Alaska have had State funding approved by the Governor in the
                past two years, and approval of funding for the Kincaid facility is consistent with those projects.
                 Kincaid project will put fields in a location that already has existing infrastructure like
                parking and restrooms.

                Please take careful consideration when looking at the budget. The sport of soccer promotes a
                healthy way to exercise and teamwork for many Alaskans.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017327
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                I appreciate your time,

                Sincerely,
                Chris Rude
                A Parent, Coach, and Participant in the Alaskan soccer communi




                10/15/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017328
