Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Thursday, May 08, 2008 6:26 AM
            To:                     Goode; Kelly C (GOV); kristina.perry@alaska.gov
            Subject:                Re: AGIA Legislative Travel


           All is good - great idea and they're crazy to turn this down. It would not go over well
           with the public at all if they refuse this offer. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry@ device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Goode, Kelly C (GOV)" <kelly.goode@alaska.gov>



           Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 23:30:34

           To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>, kristina.perry@alaska.gov

           Subject: AGIA Legislative Travel




           Governor,



           When the presiding officers indicated they would not cover travel/expenses to attend the
           Anc AGIA conference, we all looked at other possibilities. The AGIA team. Nizich, some of
           us in Anchorage considered the possibility of the state paying for the travel. It has
           been determined that it is a good idea to offer only travel and hotel costs (no car rental
           or per diem will be approved) to those who reside outside Anchorage/Mat-Su area.



           Before moving ahead with the offer to legislators, I want to be sure you know of the plan
           and are okay with it?



           The plan is for me to place a courtesy call the presiding officers and notify of the offer
           prior to any legislator being contacted. Once that is done, AGIA teams members (Corns
           Galvin and Joe Balash) will personally call the 30 or so legislators.



           I don't want you to be caught off-guard with this issue so we will not move forward until
           I get the okay from you.



           Let me know if all is good.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017348
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Thanks.



           Kelly




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0017349
