Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Thursday, May 08, 2008 8:32 AM
            To:                     Monegan ; Walt C (DPS); McBride ; Rhonda (GOV)
            Cc:                     Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Glass; John D (DIPS); Holloway; Audie E (DPS); Byrne; Cassandra M
                                    (DPS)
            Subject:                Re: Togiak


            Thank you.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Monegan, Walt C (DPS)

            To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Cc: Colberg, Talis J ( LAW); Glass ,       John D    ( DPS); Holloway ,   Audie E    ( DPS); Byrne ,   Cassandra
           M (DPS)

            Sent: Thu May 08 07:55:27 2008

            Subject: RE: Togiak



           AST has two veteran troopers in Togiak, as mentioned earlier, with others in Dillingham
           standing by.  When I spoke to Leon, the Togiak's City Administrator, he hadn't heard
           anything definite about the banishment then either. I did remind him to consult with
           their legal advisor and cautioned that everyone on the city should be careful in not
           overreacting should a confrontation occur in the event that this was intended to evoke
           some litigation by of the tribal council. Leon has my cell number and will alert me if
           anything happens.



           He and others are looking forward to our visit on June 6th.

           -Walt




           From: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

           Sent: Thu 5/8/2008 7:10 AM

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Cc: Monegan, Walt C (DPS); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

           Subject: RE: Togiak




                                                                  1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0017338
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Walt Monegan says he talked with the City Public Works Director on Tuesday.    The City has
            two police officers and there's one tribal officer. The tribal officer is apparently the
            one who made contact with him at the Alaska Native Justice Conference. Potentially, he
            could be asked to carry out the banishment. If I understood Walt correctly, it sounds
            like this officer is uncomfortable about this dispute.



            I spoke with the school principal yesterday -- and he said he had not heard anything about
            plans to enforce the banishment, but he did express support for the Police Chief, Aaron
            Parker -- and appreciates how well he's worked with the school. The school is about a mile
            and a half a way from the main part of town, so if there is a conflict, it should be out
            of harm's way.



            DCRA's specialist Ralph Andrews, who is based in Dillingham,  says his contacts have told
            him they haven't heard much discussion about the banishment in the village.



            Hopefully this will not get any momentum and fizzle.



            I did pass on some background information about this controversy to Sharon Leighow and
            Rosanne Hughes , just in case there are problems and they need to respond to media
            inquiries.  I told them that Walt and Talis would be the main sources for information.



            Better prepared than not.



           Thanks for taking the time to hear discussion on this issue on Tuesday. I think it is
           helping us to formulate a better plan, to work with communities in a more positive way.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Thu 5/8/2008 6:23 AM

           To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

           Cc: Monegan, Walt C (DPS); Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

           Subject: Togiak



           Pis let me know i f anyone hears of any problems today in Togiak re police chief
           banishment . Thanks




                                                         2



                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0017339
