Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Thursday, May 08, 2008 7:48 AM
          To:                      Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Kel Goode; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV)
          Subject :                Re: AGIA Legislative Travel


          Sounds great. Pls proceed (don't know if my earlier email was received). Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From :   " Goode , Kelly C (GOV)" <kelly.goode@ alaska.gov>



          Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 23:30:34

          To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo. com>, kristina . perry@alaska.gov

          Subject: AGIA Legislative Travel




          Governor,



          When the presiding officers indicated they would not cover travel/expenses to attend the
          Anc AGIA conference, we all looked at other possibilities. The AGIA team. Nizich, some of
          us in Anchorage considered the possibility of the state paying for the travel. It has
          been determined that it is a good idea to offer only travel and hotel costs (no car rental
          or per diem will be approved) to those who reside outside Anchorage/Mat-Su area.



          Before moving ahead with the offer to legislators, I,want to be sure you know of the plan
          and, are okay with it?



          The plan is for me to place a courtesy call the presiding officers and notify of the offer
          prior to any legislator being contacted. Once that is done, AGIA teams members (Cmns
          Galvin and Joe Balash) will personally call the 30 or so legislators.



          I don't want you to be caught off-guard with this             issue so we will not move forward until
          I get the okay from you.



          Let me know if all is good.



         Thanks.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0017343
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Kelly




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0017344
