Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, May 08, 2008 8:20 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 4:29 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Angelina Fraize

           address: 22622 Sambar Loop Chugiak AK 99567




           MESSAGE:

          Hello, My name is Angie, I am the mother of a three year old, about 7 weeks pregnant and a
          police officer for the Anchorage Police Department. I was born and raised in Alaska. I
          would like Mrs. Palin to know that Down Syndrome has had a very positive influence in my
          life, and she will find that it is a special gift, not necessarily a special need.



          All my life I have grown up with a uncle with severe down's syndrome, he is now 56 years
          old and lives a healthy life with my mother full time in Palmer. The light of his life if
          spending his days "volunteering" at the Palmer Senior Center.    Right now he is out in the
          sunshine with my daughter showing her the stuffed dog that he won at bingo today just for
          her.



          Of all the disabilities that one can be born with, Down's syndrome is the BEST. My uncle
          Dan has not spent a single day sad or mad. He doesn't realize he's different he just
          thinks he is VERY special. He loves my three year old daughter and refers to her only as
          his sweetheart.   Just a simple hug will make his day!



          Not everyone can understand his words, but I can judge someone's character within about 5
          minutes of them meeting him. He is my good people detector, if people try to listen to
          Dan, and talk to him, I know they are good people. If they ignore him and give him THAT
          look, I know I'd rather ignore them!



          As Trig gets older he will get to the milestones slower but the joy in him as he
          acomplishes things will inspire all that are lucky to be in his life.
                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0017341
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I wish you all the best, thank you for sharing Trig with Alaska!



           Angie Fraize




                                                                                                                         1




           angieandmatt@ msn.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0017342
