Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Thursday, May 08 , 2008 9:16 AM
               To:        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Trig




               From : rnadeau@gci . net [mailto:rnadeau @gci.net]
               Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 8:48 PM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Trig

               Dear Sarah,

               Your new baby boy is a lucky little guy to arrive in a family prepared to love him, accept him as he is, and
               help him be all he can be. My brother's stepson was born with Downs Syndrome to a young single
               mother. She worked extremely hard to make sure Brian had every opportunity she could provide for
               education and entertainment. Unfortunately she died when she was only 42, so my brother took over the
               joy and challenge that was Brian . Brian is a young man now who has a job, a group of friends , a social
               life, and lives independently with three other guys. Two other lovely Downs stories: Doug Parker, a
               prominent lawyer from a very prominent family here in Anchorage - Walter Parker is his father - has a
               brother he refers to as his best friend and his toughest basketball competitor. That brother has the extra
               chromesome . Finally , my 90 year old mother, a pioneer in the field of special education in Idaho , still talks
               about the little Downs girl she had in the early 60's who learned to read . State officials observing her class
               asked her how she did it because kids like Carla just didn 't learn to read .. Her reply was, "I just taught her
               like I do every other child, just a little slower."

               I think my mom's response, "like every other child, just a little slower," is a great mantra for you and your
               family. Who knows, Track may some day teach his baby brother to skate.

               Warmest regards to you and your family.

               Rosalie Nadeau




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0017353
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               PW Exp Warning                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From:    ETS Help Center [help center@admin.state.ak.us]
               Sent :   Thursday, May 08, 2008 7:07 AM
               To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Password expiration warning
               Final Notice ! Take Action NOW!
              The password for SOA useriD 'govsp' expires Thursday May 8th, 2:34 PM.
              In most state agencies, this is not the userlD and password used to logon to individual computers. The
              password can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
              Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
              characters:

                   upper case alphabet
                   lower case alphabet
                   numbers
                   punctuation or symbols

              Prior passwords may not be re-used.
              Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store
              and continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such
              applications should be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords
              may need to be updated or deleted.

              Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for
              assistance related to changing passwords.




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017354
