Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


                Unknown
                From :     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Friday, May 09, 2008 1:43 PM
                To:        Pritchett; Barbara A (DOA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Petro; Rachael A (DOA); Cayce; Sunny C (DOA)
                Cc:        Dubey; Anand (DOA)
                Subject: RE: customer complaint
                Governor, Deputy Commissioner Petro, Director Dubey, Barbara:

                I have asked for information about why the "dial zero for a live body" option doesn't work
                for all CISCO phones. I have had a draft of an email to all State employees sitting on
                my desk since I spoke with Mr. Hashagen, who called a Senate office today to say that
                he has called my office 65 times with no answer.

                Deputy Commissioner Kevin Brooks asked Mr. Hashagen for the numbers he's been
                calling with no answer. He produced one number at Fish and Game. Kevin called the
                number and in fact, it went to voice mail. Kevin then called the ASD for Fish and Game
                to alert him to the problem.

                We are working to resolve Mr. Hashagen 's concerns. I want to send out an email that
                offers the best options as a reminder and not ones that don 't always work (zero for a
                live body).
                ak
               From: Pritchett, Barbara A (DOA)
               Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 10:33 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Cc: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Dubey, Anand (DOA); Pritchett, Barbara A (DOA)
               Subject: customer complaint

               Good morning Governor Palin,
               I had a customer call me yesterday morning . His name is Dave Hasha        and he lives in the Port
               Tongass Village Association near Ketchikan . His number is Privilor] His address is P.O. Box 8311,
                                                                                   ged
               Ketchikan, Alaska 99901 . I promised him that I would email you and the Commissioner of the
               Department of Administration with his complaint. I am also copying my division director since our division
               is responsible for the State of Alaska's telecommunications . Mr. Hashagen stated that he had talked with
               someone in the Commissioner ' s office several weeks ago, but he never heard from anyone via phone or
               mail. He did not recall who he had talked with.

               Here's the situation . The residents in his area no longer have land lines since cell phones were deployed.
               In order to make a call , they have to row out into the middle of the bay to get cell phone connection. They
               have to do this even in bad seas if a call needs to be made.

               His complaint is not being able to talk to a live person whenever he calls State of Alaska numbers during
               normal business hours (8:00am until 5:00pm ). All he gets are auto attendants or to leave a voice
               message. He can't just sit in a skiff for hours waiting for someone to call him back . In addition, he has also
               found that many state employees don't update their voice messages if they are on leave or out of their
               office for an extended time. He would like to call and at least have the option to get to another live person.
               He added , This is inefficient for the public and other government employees as well . We have advanced
               communication technology ; but we have a breakdown in communication because State of Alaska
               employees use that technology not to answer their phones. It should be a given if a customer calls the
               state government, they are able to reach a live person.'

               Under the previous Meridian phone system our telephones were programmed to either.



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017368
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


                   1)  go to the Information Operator when the customer pressed 0 during the voice message they were
                      listening to
                   2) go to another employee in that section that you are calling when you press 0
                   3) go to the Division receptionist when you press 0

               What I found by calling assorted numbers in my own division as a test and pressing 0 during the voice message:
                  1) some went into a loop "insisting" you leave a voice message at the callee 's voice mailbox
                  2) some rolled to the division receptionist
                  3) the ETS Help Center' s staff personal lines roll to another Help Center analyst phone

               We all know that the State of Alaska has a high staff turnover . I deal with State employees daily and whether they
               are brand new to the State or have been with the state a long time, they need to be trained in their positions. Most
               employees are not showed how to use their phones on their desk . Its assumed they know how to use any type of
               phone. Each system has unique capabilities . The Enterprise Technology Services Division provides the following
               site to assist in learning the current telephone system:
               http/twwwstate ak us/local /akpages/ADMIN /infoIVolPphoneTrainingpp

              However, most employees do not know this site even exists . Also, the site does not have the directions for State
              of Alaska staff to reprogram their phone to redirect callers . I have included those directions below . Telephone
              etiquette is no longer a priority . I too encounter auto attendants and voice mails all day long due to the nature of
              my job duties , But I have the luxury of being able to sit at my desk to receive callbacks versus sitting in a skiff in
              the middle of a bay waiting for a call from someone that I don 't know is even going to call me back. During my 20
              years as a State of Alaska employee , I have seen a serious decline in quality customer service . We seem to be
              making it harder for the public to perform business with the State. We don 't want to have live contact anymore. It
              is assumed that everyone has a computer , and they know how to use it. I work with internal and external
              customers all day long, and that is truly not the case.

              Lastly, I supervise the State 's Information Operators. They answer an average of 100 plus calls a day. I answer
              their calls during their breaks and lunch times if their normal backup is not available . I am always told , "I am so
              glad to be talking to a real person . Can you assist me in finding ...?" Over 40% of those calls are customers trying
              to find the division that administers a particular service.

              Cisco VOIP phones can be programmed by each SOA employee to redirect callers:
              -log into your voice mail
              -select option 4 (setup options)
              -select option 3 (personal settings)
              -select option 4 (alternate contact number)
              -listen to that number that is currently programmed
              -select option 1 to change that number
              -enter the new 4-digit number followed by a pound (#) sign (note : after the full deployment of the VOIP phones-
              this step will change to `enter the new 7-digit number...')
              -then press star/asterisk (*) to exit

              Please note that employees ' phones that are part of auto attendants may already be programmed a certain way
              within that. auto attendant; and that should be checked before an employee makes any changes to their phone.

              I am going to mail Mr. Hashagen a copy of this email as a confirmation that I did send his complaint to the
              Governor' s office and to the Department of Administration 's Commissioner's office.

              Thank you,
                     Barbara Pritchett, ETS Help Center




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017369
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Untitled Document                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
                Sent:    Friday, May 09, 2008 11:37 AM
                To: . Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert - CORRECTION



                From : Stats (mailtu:stats@wiche.edu)
                Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 9:55 AM
                To: Patin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: WICHE Stat Alert - CORRECTION




                Sta t Alert -May 9, 2008
                  orrec tio n            -C
                Yesterday's Stat Alert should have said that "CAEL's analysis indicates that states
                and the nation cannot match the educational attainment levels - and continued global
                competitiveness - by concentrating their efforts on traditional-age students alone."

                The Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (CAEL) has recently released Adult Learning
                in Focus: National and State-by-State Data
                ( http://www.cael.org/pdf/ ublication xlf/State Indicators Monogr aph.pdf). This report
                                                                                       r
                examines how well states are doing on meeting the educational needs of their adult populations
                and finds great variability. It argues that states and the nation cannot match the educational
                attainment levels - and continued global competitiveness - by concentrating their efforts on
                traditional-age students alone. In addition to the report, CAEL - in partnership with the National
                Center for Higher Education Management Systems (NCHEMS) - has produced individual state
                profiles with key indicators of success in serving adult students, available at
                http_//www.cael.org/adultleaminginfocus.htm.

                The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
                communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or
                unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name,
                title, and organization to Cheryl Graves at cgraves@wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists
                are used only to support WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant
                issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a
                Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at http)/wiche.edu//policv/Clearinghouse, which
                includes past Policy Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy
                briefs.




                 10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0017370
