  Unknown

  From :     Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov]
  Sent :     Wednesday, July 23, 2008 6:56 PM
  To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject : 1st Ladies Lunch and Tea
  Hi Todd,

  Tim Olson from KTOO would like to discuss the 8/12 event. He's asking if there will be a formal program,
  speakers, introductions, presentations, etc... What are your thoughts on any of these? He'd like to
  discuss this tomorrow at 10:30am., so if I don't hear back from you by then, I'll just give him a basic
  outline until you get back to me on this.

  Here' s the schedule so far, and I added a few notes . Sorry I didn't have time to discuss this part while
  you were in Juneau . You get the super-sized email.

  The schedule so far is:

  12:00 -1:00pm. Lunch
  Guest Count: 8
  Guest List: 15t Gentleman Todd Palin, First Ladies- Bella Hammond, Neva Egan, Ermalee Hickel,
               Nancy Murkowski & Susan Knowles. Carol Sturgelewski (Murkowski) & Dennis Egan

  This is a small lunch to provide a time to visit and share pictures and stories about the House on a more
  personal level. I think the fewer guests the better, otherwise the 1St ladies, may not have as much time to
  visit and share, and they seem to be whom you'd like to focus on. This would be an excellent opportunity
  for someone to video, but in a low-key manner so it doesn't detract.

  1:40-2 : 00pm . Informal Meet & Greet - First Spouses & Capital City Celebration board members
  This provides a chance for the Capital City Celebration board members to meet you and the 1st Ladies
  before the other guests arrive. This would be a nice gesture of thanks, especially since the committee
  funded their travel expenses for the reception.

  2:00-4 : 00pm . Former First Ladies' Tea-Reception
  The First Ladies could mingle with the guests if they like and if some would like to be seated then we
  could have them sit in their favorite room. Preferably they would be in different rooms to avoid the
  congestion of having everyone crowded in an area/room.

  Program Ideas The program order can be decided once we know what the content is. I think it's key to
  make sure that it doesn't drag on, but that we have plenty of time for those agenda items that you feel
  are most important.

  StartTime: 2:45pm.

  First Gentleman- Introduce & Thank Kathy Hildre (Chair) & CCC Board
  Introduce Foundation and what their role is preserving the House.
  Foundation Member- maybe share something brief about the Found. or if they have a House story..
  Capital City Celebration Chair Kathy Hildre share a few words.

  Main Focus of Program:
  Introduce First Ladies
  First Ladies/ First Kid stories if they'd like to share. Dennis Egan was funny last time he told his stories....


                                                                                                      ROSTON 02768
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  I'll find out what the CCC committee would like to add to the agenda/program, but wanted to check with you first.

  Hope you got that character, Ramras squared away!!

  Thanks!
  Erika




                                                                                             ROSTON 02769

  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
