Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.govl
            Sent:                    Friday, May 09, 2008 11:12 AM
            To:                      Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Education




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 6:25 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Education



            Web mail from: Ms. Elizabeth (Lisa) Hilty

            address: 8620 New Hope. St. Palmer AK 99645

              907-745-6367



            MESSAGE:




            Dear Govenor Sarah Palin,

               First of let me congradulate you on such a wonderful little boy. He makes my heart
            happy as I think about what God has planned for his future.Blessings on you both.

               Today I need to address the current proposed regulations 4AAC.33 on Correspondence
            programs. I do not feel that these regulations are in the best intrest of our chlidren.
            They are only going to cause more problems in the future.

                MSBSD Correspondence Study School has given me as a parent the tools I needed to meet
            my daughters educational needs. She was not making it regular school and need more one on
            one help. This program gave me the ability to create a learning program that worked for
            her. Her test scores are up and I believe they will only continue to get better.

               We are a unique state with unique needs please do not let more regulations choke out
            the C.S.S. program, and tie the hand of parents freedoms. Freedom to use a very small
            amount of money within the bond of our local school districts management and oversight-as
            we see fit to enhance their childs learning. There are already rule to what we can and
            cannot do, more would just make it not worth being a part of the program. It would cause
            people to go out on their own to educate their kids and not get the guidence and testing
            that is so helpful.

                You as a parent can understand what it means be able to manage, train and                teach your
            children with freedom. I understand that there are always a few people who do                things wrong
            and take advantage of things but, I feel that the good outway the bad. Please                just take a
            closer look into what motivated all of this. Below is my letter to the Alaska                Department
                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017371
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            of Education. I know you are a busy mom/govenor and so much more so. Keep up the good
            work. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.



            Thank you,

            Elizabeth ( Lisa) Hilty




            Dear Alaska Department of Education,



                  I am very thankful for MSBSD Correspondence Study School. My daughter has really
            bloomed under this program. Before this opportunity she was struggling and far below
            proficient . They are a positive and eager group of people who truly love and care how
            your child is learning. They give you all the help and support that you need to see that
            your child reach his/her potential. This is what is in the best interest for our children.

                  More regulations would only put a choke hold on the potential for our children to
            learn. They would take us as parent away from what we have committed to do. Teach are
            children . Instead of staying focused on teaching we would have to add one more thing to
            already very busy schedules.

                  More regulations are saying that someone or some group is afraid . Our they afraid
            that a hand full of parents are doing a really good job for allot less money . I ask you,
            what is the point of taking away and tying the hand of our districts local oversight? They
            are providing great oversight keeping our current program up and running within MSBSD's
            regulation.

                  The regulation will restrict parent from making educational decisions on how we can
            spend our allotments . I am opposed to change that that takes away our freedoms as parents.

                  Remember this correspondence program is about building our future in a positive way
            not destroying it. Please don't choke it out with restriction.

                  We would ask the State Board of Education to allow the current regulation to remain
            status quo and that the State form a task force made up of representatives from statewide
            and district wide correspondence program to make recommendations to the State Board on
            changes to the regulations.




            Thank you ,

            Elizabeth J Hilty




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0017372
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            hiltyjr @mtaonline.net




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017373
