Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :   Pritchett, Barbara A (DOA) [barbara . pritchett@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Friday, May 09, 2008 10:33 AM
               To:       Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:      Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Dubey; Anand (DOA); Pritchett; Barbara A (DOA)
                Subject: customer complaint
               Good morning Governor Patin,
               I had a customer call me yesterday morning. His name is Dave Hasha en and he lives in the Port
               Tongass Village Association near Ketchikan. His number is Privile ed or is address is P.O. Box 8311,
               Ketchikan, Alaska 99901. I promised him that I would email you and the Commissioner of the
               Department of Administration with his complaint. I am also copying my division director since our division
               is responsible for the State of Alaska's telecommunications. Mr. Hashagen stated that he had talked with
               someone in the Commissioner 's office several weeks ago, but he never heard from anyone via phone or
               mail. He did not recall who he had talked with.

               Here's the situation. The residents in his area no longer have land lines since cell phones were deployed.
               In order to make a call, they have to row out into the middle of the bay to get cell phone connection. They
               have to do this even in bad seas if a call needs to be made.

               His complaint is not being able to talk to a live person whenever he calls State of Alaska numbers during
               normal business hours (8:00am until 5 : 00pm). All he gets are auto attendants or to leave a voice
               message. He can't just sit in a skiff for hours waiting for someone to call him back . In addition, he has also
               found that many state employees don't update their voice messages if they are on leave or out of their
               office for an extended time. He would like to call and at least have the option to get to another live person.
               He added , "This is inefficient for the public and other government employees as well . We have advanced
               communication technology ; but we have a breakdown in communication because State of Alaska
               employees use that technology not to answer their phones . It should be a given if a customer calls the
               state government , they are able to reach a live person."

               Under the previous Meridian phone system our telephones were programmed to either.
                  1) go to the Information Operator when the customer pressed 0 during the voice message they
                       were listening to
                  2) go to another employee in that section that you are calling when you press 0
                  3) go to the Division receptionist when you press 0

               What I found by calling assorted numbers in my own division as a test and pressing 0 during the voice
               message:
                  1) some went into a loop "insisting " you leave a voice message at the callee's voice mailbox
                  2) some rolled to the division receptionist
                  3) the ETS Help Center's staff personal lines roll to another Help Center analyst phone

               We all know that the State of Alaska has a high staff turnover. I deal with State employees daily and
               whether they are brand new to the State or have been with the state a long time, they need to be trained
               in their positions . Most employees are not showed how to use their phones on their desk. Its assumed
               they know how to use any type of phone . Each system has unique capabilities. The Enterprise
               Technology Services Division provides the following site to assist in learning the current telephone
               system: httr://www. state. ak.us/local/akpages/ADMIN/infb/VolPphoneTraining.Pet

               However, most employees do not know this site even exists . Also, the site does not have the directions
               for State of Alaska staff to reprogram their phone to redirect callers. I have included those directions
               below. Telephone etiquette is no longer a priority. I too encounter auto attendants and voice mails all day
               long due to the nature of my job duties . But I have the luxury of being able to sit at my desk to receive
               callbacks versus sifting in a skiff in the middle of a bay waiting for a call from someone that I don't know
               is even going to call me back . During my 20 years as a State of Alaska employee , I have seen a serious
               decline in quality customer service . We seem to be making it harder for the public to perform business
               with the State. We don't want to have live contact anymore. It is assumed that everyone has a computer,
               and they know how to use it. I work with internal and external customers all day long, and that is truly not



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017400
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


               the case.

               Lastly, I supervise the State's Information Operators . They answer an average of 100 plus calls a day . I answer
               their calls during their breaks and lunch times if their normal backup is not available. I am always told , "I am so
               glad to be talking to a real person . Can you assist me in finding ...?" Over 40% of those calls are customers trying
               to find the division that administers a particular service.

               Cisco VOIP phones can be programmed by each SOA employee to redirect callers:
               -log into your voice mail
               -select option 4 (setup options)
               -select option 3 (personal settings)
               -select option 4 (alternate contact number)
               -listen to that number that is currently programmed
               -select option 1 to change that number
               -enter the new 4-digit number followed by a pound (#) sign (note : after the full deployment of the VOIP phones-
               this step will change to 'enter the new 7-digit number...')
               -then press star/asterisk (*) to exit

               Please note that employees' phones that are part of auto attendants may already be programmed a certain way
               within that auto attendant ; and that should be checked before an employee makes any changes to their phone.

               I am going to mail Mr. Hashagen a copy of this email as a confirmation that I did send his complaint to the
               Governor's office and to the Department of Administration 's Commissioner's office.

               Thank you,
                      Barbara Pritchett, ETS Help Center




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0017401
