Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 7


               Unknown

               From :          The World Needs To Know This [ADrKingSaidl@ aol.com]
               Sent:           Friday, May 09, 2008 6:18 PM
               To:             Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject:        The time has come to honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.,
               Attachments : 080313-NYT-Obama-vmed-9p widec.jpg; Family%20Ties%20frame_grid-6x3.jpg
               The time has come to honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and the sacrifice he made
               for the United States of America and the World. Dr. King gave his life to bring the people
               together in the United States of America and the World.

               Now we as a people must come together as Men Women and the Young as he spoke of back in
               1964. Political violence was truly a part of the past of the United States of America. We as a
               people must come together and fulfill Dr. Martin Luther King' s dream of a United America
               Black White and the Young Living In Peace Together.

               God has truly blessed us all to have the Man Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., to walk in the bright
               daylight of peace. Dr. King Jr. taught White People how to live together before 1970 many
               People lived segregated by race. Italian, Polish, Greek, Irish, Black, Chinese, Jew's and many
               others.

              If Ireland , can Elect a Black Mayor can we Elect a Black President in the United
              States of America. Ireland has come a long way and lives In Peace Thank God.

               Times are a changin ' in the Emerald Isle!!!
              Ireland, of all places gets its first black mayor in the city of Portlaoise, near Dublin.
              Congratulations to Mayor Rotimi Adebari and may the luck to the Irish be with him in his
              political career! We must stop letting race divide the American People and lead us
              all down a bad road!

              When I was a small child in the 1960's I would be home everyday at 5:00 pm. to see the news
              with Walter Cronkite giving a report on how the Black's were being beaten down by Police and
              Police Dogs. This country needs to have the chance to change and I think that U.S.
              Senator, Barack Obama is the Man to help make that change so that all
              Americans can truly Live Without Iniustice And Live With Liberty and Justice for
              All.

              Thank You,
              Jerry L. Worlds

              My Slogan Is Jesus Love's World:
              In addition , May God Bless All Americans and the World.

                          Did You See This Below Barack Obama Should Be President!

              Letter TO THE EDITOR: WhatAmerica did not understand about Doctor Martin Luther King in
              1964. We as a Nation Did Not Know To Read Between The Lines.


                                               THE MAN OF PEACE

                        Martin Luther King gets Nobel Peace Prize from King Olav of Norway. The date was



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0017408
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 7


               December 10th, 1964. King's name was known all over the World. He had won many honors, both in the United
               States and other countries. In October 1964, King won the Highest Honor of all, the Nobel Peace Prize.

                        It was given by the Nobel Prize Committee of the Norwegian National Assembly. The award, King
               said. was a sign that world opinion was on the side of those struggling for freedom and dignity. He said it was a
               tribute to the millions of people who followed nonviolent ways in seeking justice. When Dr. King accepted the
               prize in Oslo, Norway.

                       He told King Olav V of Norway and others: I am mindful that only yesterday in Birmingham, Alabama,
               our children, crying out for brotherhood, were answered with fire hoses, snarling dogs, in Philadelphia,
               Mississippi; young people seeking to secure the right to vote were brutalized and murdered.

                       King said therefore, I must ask why this prize is awarded to a movement that is beleaguered and
               committed to unrelenting struggle; to a movement which has not won the very peace and brotherhood which is
               the essence of the Nobel Prize. King said after contemplation, I conclude that this award which I receive on
               behalf of that movement is profound recognition that nonviolence is the answer to the crucial political and
               moral question of our time- the need for man to overcome oppression and violence without resorting to
               violence and oppression.

                       King said I accept this award today with an abiding faith in America and an audacious faith in the
               future of mankind . King said I refuse to accept the idea that man is mere flotsam and jetsam in the river of
               life which surrounds him.

                      King said I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of
               racism and war that the bright daylight of peace and brotherhood can never became a reali .

               On this February 18th , 2004 this History Month . I Jerry Worlds give thanks to The Man Of Peace and
               DEDICATE a Poem THE RIVER OF LIFE to the Man Of Peace

                                    Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

                                      THE RIVER OF LIFE
                              As I sit here by the river of life
                              watching the people go by. I see some
                              that are young and I see some that are old
                              time just flowing by. I'm just trying to
                              catch every thing with my eyes flowing by.
                              The flowing of the river holds the key
                              to life. Oh how beautiful the river of life
                              can be. The river flows so straight but yet
                              some run as though they are going to be late.
                              The river is steady running. For those that
                              are old, time is running out. But for the young,
                              time is just beginning. As the river flows life
                              goes on and on. I sit here by the river of
                              life thinking about this life. Where does the
                              end of the river lie.
                                                                          This Poem Was Written
                                                                               BY



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0017409
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 3 of 7


                                                                            Jerry L. Worlds

               Dr. King in his last speech before his death spoke about how he wished to be remembered:
               Dr. King said I'd like somebody to mention that Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to give his life serving others. And
               he said I'd like somebody to say Martin Luther King, Jr., tried to love somebody. He said I want you to be able
               to say that I did try in my life to feed the hungry... that I did try to clothe the naked... that I did try to visit
               those who were in prison. And I want you to say that I tried to love and serve humanity.




               Letter TO THE EDITOR: What America did not understand about Doctor Martin Luther King in 1964. We as a
               Nation Did Not Know To Read Between The Lines.


                                             BROTHERHOOD

                      Martin Luther King gets Nobel Peace Prize from King Olav of Norway. The date was December 10th,
               1964. King 's name was known all over the World. He had won many honors, both in the United States and
               other countries . In October, 1964, King won the Highest Honor of all, the Nobel Peace Prize.

                       It was given by the Nobel Prize Committee of the Norwegian National Assembly. The award, King
               said, was a sign that world opinion was on the side of those struggling for freedom and dignity . He said it
               was a tribute to the millions of people who followed nonviolent ways in seeking justice. When Dr. King
               accepted the prize in Oslo, Norway.

                      He told King Olav V of Norway and others : I am mindful that only yesterday in Birmingham .
               Alabama , our children, crying out for brotherhood , were answered with fire hoses , snarling dogs, in
               Philadelphia . Mississippi , young people seeking to secure the right to vote were brutalized and
               murdered.

                       King said therefore, I must ask why this prize is awarded to a movement that is beleaguered and
               committed to unrelenting struggle; to a movement which has not won the very peace and brotherhood which is
               the essence of the Nobel Prize. King said after contemplation, I conclude that this award which I receive on
               behalf of that movement is profound recognition that nonviolence is the answer to the crucial political and
               moral-question of our time- the need for man to overcome oppression and violence without resorting to
               violence and oppression.

                      King said I accept this award today with an abiding faith in Americaand an audacious faith in the future
               of mankind. King said I refuse to accept the idea that man is mere flotsam and jetsam in the river of life
               which surrounds him.

                     King said I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of
              racism and war that the bright daylight of peace and brotherhood can never became a reality.

              On this December 25th 1984 . I Jerry Worlds give thanks to The Man Of Peace and DEDICATE a Poem
              BROTHERHOOD to the Man Of Peace.

                                      Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.


                                      BROTHERHOOD
              The man the land and the sand all over the World. One man


               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0017410
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 7


                one brother and his land and no sand. Reach out your hand to brothers all over the
                land and the World.

                How do you see the World brother as all the others?
                No I see War all over the land the sand and the World. Let there be peace in the East
                and the West and rest all over the World for all brothers.
                Can you see that all the brown brothers all over the World should seek justice in
                nonviolent ways.

                Do not let America be mere flotsam and jetsam in the river of life which surrounds
                war that the bright daylight of peace and brotherhood can never became a reality.

                Brother go home and tell your children that you love them and the land the sand the
                World and Brotherhood.

               Oh' God let there be justice for all the land the sand and all over the World let there
               be peace in the East and West.

                                                                     This Poem was written
                                                                           By
                                                                     Jerry L. Worlds

               If Ireland, can Elect a Black Mayor can we Elect a Black President in the United States of
               America Land Of The Free Home Of The Brave?



               Times are a changin' in the Emerald Isle!!!




                                           Ireland, of all places gets it's first black mayor in the city of Portlaoise, near
               Dublin . Congratulations to Mayor Rotimi Adebari and may the luck to the Irish be with him in his
               political career!


               Ireland is not living in the past but their future ! We Must Stop Dividing America!


                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017411
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 5 of 7




                                         Wheje will Hanahan 21111111111
                                   r             landl
                                        ;.`COdC11_   , _ __.
                                                          "
                                   ght post a#tb          dur'ttr
                                 dem                 -·*^-
                                        Obamaan Iowa unprise
                                                       MIS




                A little more than two years since being elected to the U .S. Senate, Barack Obama is widely
                considered a frontrunner for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . With parents from
                Kansas and Kenya , Obama was born in Hawaii , spent part of his childhood in Indonesia, and
                now calls Chicago home . He's served only two years in the U .S. Senate, but previously served
                as an Illinois state senator, an Attorney , and a Chicago-area Community Activist.

                CLINTON: PLAYING THE RACE CARD? Hillary Clinton Insulting West Virginia Citizens
                by Racism Ploy!

                Hillary and Bill Clinton should be ashamed of the way they have treatedBarack Obama. Mr. Obama
                is a God send to carry on the great work of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr., by bringing the Whole United
                States of America together the Young and The Old to find common ground!


                We need to disparately change the course that the World is on. Not only is the United States in
                danger of self-destruction the United States is the leader of the Free World.




                10/15/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0017412
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                                     Page 6 of 7




                                                                  Image frow in Abolitionist pamphlet, 1837

                Let there be no mistake Barack Obama has a Free Mans God -given Name not a Black Slave
                name. Mr. Obama has roots that lead to the Vice President of the United States of American
                the leaders of the Free World.

                If Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., were alive, he would be so ashamed of the whole Clinton family because
                the Black People have struggled for so long in the United States of America the leaders of the Free
                World. People of color have taken the Bad with the Good but it has been mostly the Bad as what you
                can see what the Clinton's are doing to Mr. Obama a God send to the American People to bring the
                World together.

                 xl Right-click here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented automatic download of this picture from the
                 " Internet.

                 [x] Right-click here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented automatic download of this picture from the
                      Internet.


                Mr. Obama is a Good Christian Man that , was given his Fathers name and his Mothers
                Christian American Religion through his. White Grand Parent's also.       White People Have
                Nothing To Fear Mr. Obama Was Reased White And Understands Being White or Black In America!

                White People, People of Color not just Black People should be ashamed of what the Clinton family
                has done. This country has had 42 White Presidents with one serving the American People twice
                Grover Cleveland. Mr. Obama, has what it takes to be President of the Free World he has White
                Culture and Black Culture that is the best formula to bring the whole country together and if
                we don't do this it will be a mist opportunity for the World.




                10/15/2009



                                                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0017413
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017415
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0017416
