Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Friday, May 09 , 2008 7:37 AM
            To:                     Galvin ; Patrick S (DOR); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                Re: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget


            Speaking of big issues - do any AGIA team members have time to provide any updates today?
            I have 1-4pm booked but can hear any info before or after that block of time. Budget will
            overwhelm next week, so today's a good day to hear any AGIA info, bullet line info, etc.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From :   "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick. galvin@alaska.gov>




            Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 06:57:26

            To:"Ruaro , Randall P (GOV)" < randall.ruaro @ alaska.gov>

            Cc:"Nizich , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike.nizich @ alaska.gov>," Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
            <kris.perry @ alaska.gov>, ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah @ yahoo.com>,"Andrews , Brian C (DOR)"
            <brian.andrews@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




           Randy,



           Call on us for anything. Brian will be there anytime you need him, and I will be there
           when I can. We'll see how the timing is the week of May 26. I'll be in full AGIA roll-
           out mode, so may not be able to participate in a meeting. But feel free to call my cell
           ( PrivilenP ) anytime to confer on strategy. It sounds like we've turned a corner on this.
           Good job.



           We're all in this together...



           -Pat




            From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 6:48 AM

                                                                  i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017390
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Andrews, Brian C
           (DOR)

           Subject: RE: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




           commissioner:



           I will schedule a meeting for the week of May 26, which will give us a few days after
           finishing the budget. I would really appreciate any assistance you can provide on this.
           Basically, Gordon Keith, Frank Richards and I have been facing off against KABATA staff,
           several of KABATA's attorneys, KABATA's outside counsel and experts on everything you can
           think of, former Mayor Wuerch, Senator Huggins, etc., on this for about 4 months and was
           feeling a bit outnumbered and overwhelmed at times. We were able to raise such serious
           issues with the KABATA proposal that Wuerch finally said he could not support them and
           resigned, but there are plenty of supporters left, including Senator Huggins. Rep.
           Stoltze stayed through the executive session of the last Board meeting and heard Wuerch
           mention his reasons for resigning so he may have come around a bit but its hard to tell.



           Thanks,



           Randy




            From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

           Sent: Fri 5/9/2008 6:31 AM

           To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV);    ExternalEmailgsp ; Andrews ,     Brian C
           (DOR)

           Subject: RE: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




           Randy,



           You've done a great job of analyzing the situation and setting up the pieces to allow
           KABATA to put up or shut up. I think that's great.
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017391
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Thank you for the invitation to the next briefing.  Depending on the timing, I would like
           to help with the decision on how to proceed. I'll likely be rather busy in two weeks, so
           we'll play that by ear.



           Thank you for including Brian in the discussions, he has been my eyes, ears, and brain on
           this, so I appreciate you keeping him in the loop.



           -Pat




            From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 5:36 AM

           To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Andrews, Brian C
           (DOR)

           Subject : RE: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




                                                             3




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0017392
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            CONFIDENTIAL - DELIBERATIVE PROCESS PRIVILEGE




            Pat:



            In roughly 2 weeks we should be receiving information from KABATA regarding several terms
            described to us as "absolute must haves" by KABATA staff (Niemic / Hemengway) These terms
            include a traffic/revenue guarantee where the state would have to pay if traffic
            projections did not materialize; responsibility for millions of dollars a year in delay
            costs if environmental groups appeal the Corps permit, etc., and the financial risks and
            costs attached to those terms that would be imposed on the state. We should also be
            receiving updated costs estimates on the project. (The current cost estimate for the
            bridge at $630 million are 3 years old and do not include a new Ingra-Gambell exchange at
            an estimate of roughly $250 million (which KABATA staff have told me must be the
            responsibility of the state to pay for) or all the road work on the Mat-Su side of the
            bridge that DOT would have to build, roughly $4-500 million)



            At that time, I would like to brief the Governor and ask how she would like to proceed:


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Commissioner . Would you like to be invited to the briefing for the Governor and be copied
           with KABATA's responses?



           Please call me today after 9:00 am if you have any questions or any thoughts on how to
                                                            4




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0017393
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             proceed.    (I will be working with Leo - 8-8:30 and then Walt 8:30 to 9:00)



             Randy




              From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

             Sent: Fri 5/9/2008 12:58 AM

            To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Andrews, Brian C
            (DOR)

            Subject: FW: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




            Randy,



            Could we have a coordinated discussion of the Administration's position on KABATA before
            too long? I think we are all heading in the same direction, but there are a lot of issues
            to be evaluated, and options explored. I'm not sure who should coordinate the discussion,
            but you're a good candidate. Is that something you can set up? Thanks.



            -Pat




             From: Andrews, Brian C (DOR)

            Sent: Thursday, May 08, 2008 7:29 AM

            To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            Subject: FW: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




           Are you aware of this request?
                                                           5




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0017394
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Best Regards,



             Brian C Andrews, LIMA

             Deputy Commissioner of Revenue/Treasury




              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2008 4:55 PM

            To: Keith, Gordon C (DOT); Andrews, Brian C (DOR)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Richards, Frank T
            (DOT)

            Subject: Next KABATA Board meeting and budget




            Gordon / Brian:




            I believe staff for KABATA will be presenting the KABATA Board of which y ou are members
            with a proposed budget at the next         meeting.       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            We are waiting for some responses from KABATA that should finally allow us to evaluate the
            project and decide whether and how to proceed. (I believe responses are due in about 2
            weeks)



            Thanks,



            Randy



                                                                  6




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0017395
