Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From,                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, May 09, 2008 3:03 PM
            To,                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent : Friday, May 09, 2008 1:56 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Robin Inman

            address: 3640 East 66th Avenue Anchorage AK 99507

             907-644-0635



            MESSAGE:

            Good Afternoon Sarah,



            I'm not sure if you remember me.... we went to school together at Wasilla High School. I
            was Robin Summers back then (I've been married now for almost 24 years so it seems a bit
            odd seeing my maiden name, lol). I just wanted to e-mail you and let you know how
            impressed I am with the wonderful job you are doing as our governor. I had moved from
            Wasilla to Anchorage right before our senior year in High school so I wasn't in Wasilla
            while you were Mayor, so I wasn't able to see your experience first hand. So ...... I
            wasn't sure how you would be as our governor, you have won me over though. I realized I
            had adopted a thought process that makes me not trust most folks in politics as most seem
            to be embedded in the Good Old Boy system. It's very refreshing though to see someone in
            the top spot who is honest, hardworking and very family based. Thanks again for doing
            such a wonderful job on our behalf.



            Congratulations to you and Todd on Trig's birth. Children are such a wonderful blessing.
            My husband and I have to two kids (ah, I keep saying kids but our oldest daughter is 23
            and about to be married in October and keeps reminding me she's not a kid anymore,
            lol ..... oh well our 16 year old son will have to keep carrying that torch, lol). I'm sure
            your kids are excited about having a new baby brother. Take care and your an inspiration
            to all of us working mothers.



            Blessings,

            Robin Inman

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017452
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            robin@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0017453
