Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Friday, May 09, 2008 11:30 AM
            To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 9:04 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Mary Mondatsos

            address : 210 Lakeview Drive Collingswood NJ 08108

             856-869-9856



            MESSAGE:

            I recently read an article about your new son who has Down syndrome. As the parent of a
            17 year old daughter with Down syndrome I felt that I had to write to you. My daughter
            Katelyn Rose is the youngest of 5 children, she has 4 older brothers. I know that every
            child is different and this includes children with Down syndrome. Never in my wildest
            dreams would I ever imagine that my daughter would be as independent as she has become.
            From the very beginning I treated her exactly like I had treated her four brothers. She
            went everywhere we did and has been exposed to many different things. She attends a
            Special Needs High School here in NJ and most of what they are teaching her are life
            skills that will help her when she reaches adulthood. I have been told that people do not
            think that Katelyn understands she has a disability because she is the one who is always
            willing to help others who are less able. She enjoys time away from me and is active in
            church.  She attends,a Parent

            's Night Out group. There is one girl who is a little bit older than Katelyn who is in a
            wheelchair and is not able to do much for herself. Whenever there is a function and she
            is there, Katelyn takes over. She will feed her friend, push her around in the wheelchair
            and helps her when they are doing arts and crafts. Katelyn also attends a summer camp for
            handicapped children and they have nicknamed her "The Mother Hen" because she is always
            looking out for others. Katelyn talks all the time about when she graduates from high
            school in 2012 she wants a job and her own apartment and she will probably succeed in just
            that.  Katelyn is able to stay home by herself after school which is probably for about
            two hours and one day I came home from work and the kitched smelled like someone had made
            a grilled cheese sandwich and there was a dirty frying pan on the stove. When I asked
            Katelyn about this her response was "I was hungry and made myself a snack". Of course, I
            had to explain to

             Katelyn that I love the fact that she ca!

            n cook for herself but that she needs to make sure that an adult is home with her but part
            of me was bursting with pride that she was able to do this for herself. I just wanted to
            wish you the best of luck with your new little one. They are definitely God's Special.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0017481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Children.



           mondatsos-mary@cooperhealth.edu




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0017482
