Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LVON_SCHEB EN]
           Sent:                    Friday, May 09, 2008 3:04 PM
           To:                      'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Confidential - Email


           So far I have found out that your email (tied to the Elton newsletter) was forwarded to
           Mal Menzies and he in turn sent it his staff, Rueben Yost. I asked Mal Menzies to see if a
           hard copy was printed and both he and Rueben told me that they did not print out a hard
           copy.



            The comment "This is the first time I have heard this from the governor" was in reference
            to the statement that the project is not a priority of the Administration. I've seen
            other comments for example fiscally responsible relating to the Juneau Access Road.



           I can't remember meetings specifically regarding Juneau Access with Mike Tibbles, most of
           the meetings with Mike were in regard to the AMHS, Budget, Gravina, and staffing. Randy or
           Russ have been my main contact in the past for Juneau Access.



            I am looking into the matter personally.



           In trying to identify how this may have been passed on, we have printed the reports from
           the fax machines in both our Southeast Region and Headquarters to see if it was faxed to
           Senator Elton's office directly.  We have not found this to be the case.



           I have asked Commissioner Kreitzer to intervene with her ETS staff to search the computers
           and emails to see if it was forwarded.



           I will be meeting with the staff in Juneau on Monday to continue my investigation and will
           report back to you my findings. This is a very serious breach in my department and I
           personally feel terrible that department employees have broken our trust.



           I will be calling you shortly to discuss this in person.




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017491
