Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N= R M FAU B I O N J
           Sent:                    Friday, May 09, 2008 12:01 AM
           To:                      Sarah Palin
           Subject:                 Galena Academy Graduation




           Hannah Buck says you've been invited to visit the Galena school, but had a scheduling
           conflict.  She asked me if I might attend. Next week seems pretty busy, but after reading
           an email from Jim Smith, the Superintendent, I'm wondering if I should go to the
           graduation on Friday, May 16th.   And was wondering if Todd might be interested in
           attending also.   There's a morning and evening flight on Frontier Airlines, out of
           Anchorage.



           It's a bittersweet time for the school. On the one hand, it's celebrating tremendous
           success . 24 students are graduating this year.    100% of the Senior Class. An FAA
           representative will be in Galena tomorrow to test 3 aviation students for their instrument
           rating certification.



           But here's the tough part: the man responsible for much of this success , Sidney
           Huntington, is close to dying.



           What follows is an email from Jim Smith. With so much happening next week , I didn't
           think it was a good idea to travel.  But after reading this I'm having second thoughts.




           Dear Rhonda,

                     Jay Jacobs had shared the potential that you might be able to attend our
           graduation.   That would have been "super" and I to regret that it did not work out. The
           seniors, thirty-three move on to "moving forward with our roots in mind". We've eleven
           from Galena and twenty-two from other communities.    All of course are getting very
           excited.  We've new beginnings and potential ends.    Sidney Huntington is working on some
           hard times and has been down for several days. His family has thoughts that he might be
           near crossing-over.   He's become a very good friend of mine and it's tough for me. I
           spent some time with him yesterday afternoon and he told me it would be the last time he
           would see me.   Unless something changes, he'll not be sharing commencement which he was so
           looking forward to.   He's special memories of when Todd traveled through during the Iron
           Dog and spent some time with him in his car on the banks of the Yukon. The Governor and
           her family holds a very special place in Sidney's heart. Please share with her that he's
           failing.    We'll be fine. Again we're very sorry you are not able to make it for next
           Friday's ceremony.     Sincerely,   Jim Smith; Galena Superintendent of Schools




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017503
