Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From:    Jan Wrentmore [madam@aptalaska.net]
                 Sent:    Saturday, May 10, 2008 5:03 PM
                 To:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                 Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV);
                          Kelsey; Mark D (GOV); sharon.leighlow@alaska.gov
                 Subject: Status of Juneau road Corps permit

                Randy,

                I was pleased to read in the Juneau Empire this morning that Governor Palin is not in favor of
                starting the Juneau Access Road in the light of so many unanswered questions regarding its full
                costs. I did want to clarify one point, however. This past Tuesday, May 6, the Environmental
                Protection Agency received a draft Clean Water Act section 404 permit for the Juneau Access
                road from the Army Corps of Engineers. The EPA now has 15 days (until May 21) to review the
                permit and approve it, make additional recommendations, or, if EPA has serious issues with it,
                "elevate" the decision so that it will be decided at a future time at the Washington, D.C. level.
                The dispute resolution process can be read at http:// www.epa.4ov/owow/wetlands/regstdispmoa.html.

                In order to issue the section 404 permit, the Corps must determine that there are no less
                environmentally damaging practicable alternatives to the one DOT has proposed. It is unclear
                whether the Corps can defensibly reach that conclusion because there are other, practicable
                alternatives that would have fewer adverse effects. For example, the Department of
                Transportation (DOT) could reconfigure the existing ferry system for the Lynn Canal area to
                meet periods of high demand. Further, DOT could accomplish huge savings by operating a ferry
                from Yankee Cove, as Coeur Alaska currently does, rather than the Katzehin River Delta.

                In addition to the legal hurdles that the project still faces, DOT has yet to calculate realistic cost
                estimates. Specifically, DOT has not completed the geotechnical analysis for this project. Over
                a year ago, DOT terminated their contract with geotechnical consultant Golder and Associates
                for engineering analysis of the the most difficult 20-plus miles of the proposed road route. (I am
                attaching Golder's testimony to this effect before the Senate Transportation Committee hearing
                in February 2008.) Without this analysis, state and federal agencies cannot know the full costs or
                impacts of the project. In light of the fact that the terrain is as challenging and avalanche prone
                as the Snettisham area, it seems only prudent to have an accurate idea as to how much it will cost
                the State to build and maintain a road in the proposed corridor.

                Mayor Weinstein of Ketchikan suggested in a recent letter (attached) to Commissioner Von
                Scheben that this cancellation of the geotechnical analysis was a deliberate effort to conceal from
                the agencies and the public the true costs of this project.

                Governor Palin has indicated that she is concerned about the costs associated with the project
                and wishes to take a fiscally conservative approach to these kinds of big projects. It would
                therefore make sense for DOT, during the months and perhaps years it takes to resolve the legal
                issues, to complete the geotechnical analysis for all areas of the proposed corridor and provide
                the State and people of Alaska with an accurate cost estimate.

                Should you or the Governor have questions regarding the EPA permit review process, Chris
                Meade is the local Juneau EPA contact at 586 -7622. The decision to "elevate" the permit will be



                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSPOI_0017541
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                made by EPA Region X Administrator Elin Miller in Seattle in concert with the Assistant Administrator
                for Water, Ben Grumbles in D.C. If the Governor were interested in contacting Ms. Miller, she can be
                reached at 206-553-1234.

                If I can be of any other assistance, my cell number is 907-612-0702.

                Hope you have a great weekend.

                Sincerely,

                Jan Wrentmore
                Chair, Skagway Marine Access Commission




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017542
