Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, May 12, 2008 8:21 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 7:52 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Lillian Elvsaas

            address: 2221 Muldoon Rd. #45 Anchorage AK 99504

             907) 748- 6903



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Sarah,




            I guess I'm emailing u because I care and feel for parents and grandparents that have
            illnesses with someone so close as family members. I have a nine yr old grandson with so
            they say has Autism. He is a very special boy in my heart and it hurts me very much to see
            him with this condition. And a very smart boy! Most of the problem is behavior.He is my
            Dennis The Menace,but still love him. I will get to the point of my emailing u.I'm
            Alu'utiq,from Seldovia,have lived here for four years after finishing beauty school.

            I shop at the Ann's Health store and i read of Ocean Minerals and Supa SS Minerals,herbal
            plants.The Supa SS Restored face to normal and increased mental/IQ functioning. When i
            read this i got excited and wanted to share this with u. If u like i can fax what i have
            and read, there is other info on other health issues and use of these remedies.



            I will be glad to hear back from u, and to let u know u are doing an excellent as our
            Governor, keep up the great job! And the best with the new baby boy.



           Best Wishes,

           Lillian Elvsaas



           lelvsaas@hotmail.com

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017647
