Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

                From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent     Monday, May 12, 2008 10:24 AM
                To:      Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
                Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW. Hello from Tok, Alaska



               From : Christine Grangaard [mailto:chrisyrangaard@msn.com]
               Sent: Sunday, May 11, 2008 3:41 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Hello from Tok, Alaska

               Dear Governor Palin,
                   I'd like to take a moment to congratulate you on the birth of your beautiful baby boy and let you
               know how amazing you are and that you are held in so much esteem by so many of us you'll
               never meet - as an Alaskan as well as our Governor. I also know that you are very busy so I will quickly
               get to the other piece of this email message.
                   I am working a service year as an AmeriCorps volunteer for Tok. Our community is so grateful, as
               well as very excited about being funded for the wood chipper project that is currently in the budget. We
               had a great community meeting with your alternative energy representatives, who seemed very receptive
               to the work that has been done here to identify and develop a solution that will work at a community
               level. Please support us by funding this project. We have the potential to design a model and sustainable
               alternative energy program for our area that includes capacity to address fire hazard mitigation, as well
               as provide for more economic stability for Upper Tanana people. Please consider our request carefully,
               our future direction depends on your decision about this. Thank you Governor Palin.
               Sincerely, Christine Grangaard




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017646
