Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From :    Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                 Sent:     Monday, May 12 , 2008 9:02 AM
                 To:       Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC)
                 Cc:       'Sarah Palin'; Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Subject:: Compass Piece in support of Commissioner Schmidt

               Joe:

               A great article of support for you was written by a 30 year DOC employee , Alan Bailey and ran in the ADN on Sunday. He
               hits it right on the head when he says this is a political power play by the unions to try and regain some ability to control the
               prisons.

               I also noticed Sen . French and Sen. W ile howski said they may tour the orison         Privileged or Personal Material Re
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

               Randy

               Union is to blame for prison dispute
               COMPASS : Other points of view

               By ALAN BAILEY

               (05/10/08 01:01:14)
               I am retiring after 30 years of public service with the Department of Corrections . I would like Alaskans to
               know the story behind the efforts of the corrections officers union to have Commissioner Joe Schmidt fired.
               Throughout my career I have witnessed the daily sacrifice our officers make each day to ensure continued
               public safety . They work 12-hour shifts, seven days a week among the most dangerous criminals in the state
               of Alaska.
               In any organization there are staffers who are not worthy to retain their job. The fewest number often
               generate the greatest publicity and the loudest complaints of being treated unfairly.
               Disciplinary actions are often a response to egregious behavior that jeopardizes the safety of others and
               must remain confidential to ensure the rights of all concerned . State officials do not have the luxury of
               discussing outcomes of personnel actions publicly . The inability to respond allows opposing views to create
               explanations that may not tell the whole story . There is always more to the story . Sometimes officers have
               retained their jobs due to technical errors, similar to that found in a court of law.
              Commissioner Schmidt has attempted to hold people responsible for their behavior . I have watched his
              career from the beginning, as well as his father before him. He has spent his career caring about others and
              any attempt to paint him otherwise Is a blatant lie.
              It is the clear intent of the union to "co -manage" the Department of Corrections . It wanted to dictate the
              agenda and do so in an adversarial manner. Commissioner Schmidt rightfully refused to conduct business in
              such a manner.
              The union has chosen a smear campaign and has blitzed correctional staff with such propaganda that it
              would be difficult to know the truth. If strife and discourse is the best representation the union has to offer,
              that is unfortunate for Alaska 's correctional officers who deserve the best.
              Commissioner Schmidt will continue to do the best job possible . A new prison will begin construction to
              alleviate overcrowding . Reinstating programs to provide basic skills to prisoners will make a difference in
              some who are released from custody . Staff will remain accountable and responsible while ensuring proven
              safe correctional practices are continued.
              No question , there are problems to solve . The union has announced that It will not meet with Commissioner
              Schmidt. I will hope for a more mature solution for the sake of the officers they represent.
              Alan Bailey is superintendent of the state correctional center in Ketchikan.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA_GSPOI_0017664
