Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, May 12, 2008 8:10 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 4:39 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Carina Menaker

           address: 1595 Cordwood Dr. Fairbanks AK 99709




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,

           Thank you for your hard work in office. Despite being a Democrat, I've found many of your
           decisions in office to be exceptionally practical and bold. I look forward to a very
           productive term in office. And speaking of a productive term . . my main purpose in
           writing is to congratulate you and your family on the birth of your son. My own son is a
           happy, wonderful 5 year old who deals with Autism. I don't know much about your faith, but
           I hope you won't mind me sending you a little prayer:



           I bless you all in.the journey of raising a new child, who will be delightful and
           challenging in brand new ways--you know, like every kid :)



          May you and your husband be transformed again by the power of love and a new life.



          May your son grow strong in character, mind and body, and be a blessing to every one he
          meets.



          May your older children be blessed by their brother and receive all that they need.



          May you and your husband receive an extra helping of energy, and the ability to rest well.

                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017651
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           May the boldness and common sense you have shown in office be a service to you in your
           parenting.



            In the name of Jesus,

           Amen.




           God has prepared you all for each other and its gonna be beautiful--but you already knew
           that.



           Sincerly,

           Carina Menaker




           The love of God is for



           carinainthesnow@hotmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0017652
