Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                   Tuesday, May 13, 2008 3:32 PM
           To:                     Goode; Kelly C (GOV); kellyc@acsalaska.net
           Subject:                Fw: Lyda




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



           Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 23:03:25

           To:"Kel Goode" <kellyc@acsalaska.com>

           Cc:"K Perry Yahoo" <krisandclark@yahoo.com>

           Subject: Lyda




           I called her. She made it sound like she's been waiting for an answer from me on abortion
           issues in expanded session- I told her I thought she was getting back to me to share her
           plan to skip judicial committee and deal with both bills successfully via a different path
           than where she went during regular session. She said "I thought I told you I'd send them
           right to State Affairs". I asked if Hollis would protest, she said Hollis "doesn't have
           any power, he can't stop me".



           She also said something I don't agree with: that the more issues in the call, the better.
           So abortion, energy relief and AGIA all at once is the way to go, in her mind. Says it'll
           be too expensive to have addl sessions, and wants to keep everyone around during AGIA so
           put more on their plate.



          I agree that it makes sense to put AGIA and energy relief together, but not abortion.
          Again, I want the abortion bills dealt with, perhaps right after AGIA? But not during.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017674
