Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, May 13, 2008 12:07 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 12:09 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Michael Bull

           address: 13 W. Aldine Drive Hockessin DE 19707

            3025303090



           MESSAGE:

           Governor,

                I just finished reading the Joel Davidson (Catholic News Service) article in our
           diocesan newspaper (The Dialog) about your fifth child. May God bless you and your
           husband for bringing another life into the world. I know I live in Delaware, but the very
           least I can do is support your kind and loving efforts with prayer and positive thoughts.



                My sister was born with a mental defect that has not hindered her efforts to be a
          productive member of her community and an inspiration to all of us in her family. The
          sacrifices my parents made while she was growing up and the fighting efforts they made for
          her when she reached adulthood were not lost on me and my other sister and brother.
          Perhaps its God's way of helping us grow in ways that those not touched by her will never
          grow.   Pride, selfishness, jealousy, animosity and other non-productive and hurtful
          feelings seem to be just so petty when you realize the efforts that she has to put in just
          to get through each day. It's a blessing and it makes me understand even more that every
          life is precious and is worth living (not to mention respecting).



               I appreciate what you and your husband have done. You're a very special couple (and
          family) and the people of Alaska are lucky to have you. We could use a little more of
          what you bring to the table in my own area including Maryland, Pennsylvania and New
          Jersey.  My prayers are with you.



          Mike Bull



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0017693
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         mbull@paverartllc.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0017694
