Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOANOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RH UGHES]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, May 13, 2008 9:04 AM
            To:                      'gov.palin@yahoo.com'; 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K
                                     (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Nizich;
                                     Michael A (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
            Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Harris' comments last night


            Well, for starters, we need to clamp down on these email leaks to the media that we are
            having to continually react to. We'll put our heads together today on messaging.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.palin@yahoo.com <gov.palin@yahoo.com>

            To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Frank Bailey <ftb907@yAhoo.com>; Irwin, Tom E (DNR);
            Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Goode, Kelly C
            (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV);       Perry,   Kristina Y (GOV)

            Sent: Tue May 13 08:50:16 2008

            Subject: Re: Harris' comments last night



            Thanks, again, Harris...

            Wonder what he thinks he accomplishes with these kinds of constant messages (all
            negative)?

           We need to get out ahead of this one before the announcement is made next week. As
           Heyworth has pointed out, Harris' tactic does nothing but set up an ugly and dramatic
           showdown between Hickle and our other friends - and me - leading up to next week's
           announcement.

           Comm Dept: what's the strategy here so we're not just in a reactionary mode as Harris, et
           al, creates some build up for a potential showdown?

           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 08:40:24

           To:ivyfrye@yahoo.com, gov.palin@yahoo.com, fek9wnr@yahoo.com,ftb907@yahoo.com,
           krisandclark@yahoo.com

           Subject:    Harris ' comments last night




           KTUU 10 pm

                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01 _0017727
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Politicians look east for natural gas customers

            by Mike Ross

            Monday, May 12, 2008

            ANCHORAGE , Alaska -- A delegation of Alaska political figures is just back from a trip to
            China. Their mission was to find out if there's a market for Alaska natural gas in the Far
            East.

            They say they'll use what they found out to put pressure on Gov. Sarah Palin in the
            upcoming battle over the gas pipeline project.

            The group included former Gov. Wally Hickel and House Speaker John Harris, who says the
            trip convinced him even more that an all-Alaska gas line is the best choice.

            "Alaskans would benefit more by that, by being able to sell their gas to those folks at a
            higher price than we could sell it to the United States," Harris said.

           The Alaska political figures met in Beijing with leaders of China's giant energy company
           Sinopec and in Tokyo with representatives of Mitsubishi Corporation, Tokyo Electric and
           Tokyo Gas.

           Harris says the message was the same at each stop -- the Far East is clamoring for Alaska
           natural gas.

           "We came away with the feeling, and I think they' re gonna be writing it down in a letter
           to the governor, that they would take all the gas we could provide as soon as we could
           provide it in the form of liquefied natural gas," Harris said.

           Harris says Gov. Hickel hopes to meet with Gov. Palin soon to discuss the China trip and
           to push again for an all-Alaska pipeline project that could ship liquefied gas to domestic
           and foreign markets.

           "Many people voted for this governor based upon the fact they thought she was gonna be an
           advocate for an all-Alaska gas line," Harris said. "That doesn' t seem like that's the case
           now."

           The Palin gas line team says the bid from TransCanada for a pipeline to the Lower 48 was
           the only proposal to meet the requirements of the governor's Alaska Gasline Inducement
           Act, or AGIA.

           "We've said all along that (liquefied natural gas) needs to be looked at closely before we
           can make a decision on the TransCanada license," Revenue Commissioner Patrick Galvin said.
           "It has been a significant part of the analysis."

           Galvin is a member of the governor's gas line team and says the all-Alaska route is still
           being reviewed.

           "We believe that we're taking a look very even -handedly at all issues and we want to make
           sure our decision is one that goes to maximizing the benefits of Alaskans ," Galvin said.
           "We're leaving the door open for all options."

           Harris says after making the trip, he believes Alaska's energy future lies in the Far
           East, not across the Canadian prairie.

          "I think a project that goes through Alaska and provides gas for Alaskans and provides
          jobs for Alaskans and not Canadians is the best way to go," he said. "That fight will
          place in another few days."

          The Palin administration is scheduled to announce next week if it will recommend the
          TransCanada bid. State lawmakers are due back in Juneau for a special session on the gas
          line project early next month.



                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0017728
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown .
            From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:59 AM
            To:                     Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                AGIA messaging

            Haven't heard the conclusion on the AGIA national messaging mission - the last email
            exchange was about internal debate on Privile ed
            Did you guys all decide yet on strateg y there? Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or
            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                               1




                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0017729
