Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   gov.palin@yahoo.com
            Sent:                  Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:53 AM
            To:                      Ivy personal; Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
            Cc:                      Kristen Cole; Frank Bailey
            Subject:                 Re: Fw: Emails


            Janice- is this possible? Can u work on this and just let me know what the solution is?

            -----Original Message-----

            From: Ivy Frye <ivyfrye@yahoo.com>



            Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 09:40:35

            To:gov.palin@yahoo.com

            Subject: Re: Fw: Emails




            I think Janice can refine our distribution list to make sure it only includes
            commissioners and Governor's staff--any support staff for commissioners or Governor's
            staff should be removed. It narrows the scope of who could be leaking emails, and easiers
            for us to determine who's accountable.



            Also, we could bring up in cabinet meeting that only commissioners should have access to
            their personal state email accounts --their secretaries should only have access to the
            general commissioner/ department account.  Just some ideas...



            gov.palin@yahoo.com wrote: If this was another leak Annette, DOA needs to do something. I
            may be asking you to Track it down today- this was an internal email from steve to all
            commissioners. It ended up in reporters' hands. Not good, again.

            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.palin@yahoo.com


      1
            Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 14:22:05

            To:"Steve Haagenson" "Tom Irwin" "Annette Kreitzer"

            Cc:"Sharon Leighow" "Rosanne Hughes" "Talis Colberg" "Marty Rutherford" "Pat
            Galvin"  "Kris Perry"

            Subject: Emails




            We've had a few emails end up in reporters and leggies' hands this past week. Anyone know
            how the press got ahold of Steve's email from Friday, asking for input on energy plan?
      i




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0017730
