Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:40 AM
            To:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Public-Safety




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent: Monday, May 12, 2008 12:24 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Public-Safety




            Web mail from: Hank Nelson

            address: 2160 N Gwene Lane Wasilla AK 99654

             357-2320



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Sarah Palin; Greetings and congradulations ! You and your wonderful family
            are in our hearts and prayers. I want you to know that. I have no complaints , we are
            blessed and grateful! However, one small item has been of interest to me Governor and
            that is the downtown post office. They have a fantastic crew, they do a superb job with
            a cheerful heart, I respect them greatly. My focus is two-fold; first the parking lot is
            too restricted. Especially during peak hours and the location in regards to the density
            of traffic at the 4-way stop sign, builds up and hinders access in and out of the
            parking area. Wasilla is a fast growing city and the demands will only increase and I
            know you are more than aware of the situation. The second point has to do with frustrated
            drivers and speed, people in a hurry... add to it... impatience, and ...well I think
            you're already connecting the dots, as the saying goes. With so many items topping the
            list of priorities on your

           plate Governor , I am almost embarrassed to burden you with yet another concern, that is,
           in, the big picture, is in some ways a mere blip on the radar screen of life, we indeed
           count ourselves greatly blessed and you as our Governor is a huge part of the blessing.We
           wanted you to know that and be encouraged. God bless you and your family.Sincerely, Hank &
           Pat Nelson




           hankpat2@gci.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017734
