Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
            Sent:                   Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:40 AM
           To:                      'ivyfrye@yahoo.com'; 'gov. palin@yahoo.com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com ; ,ftb907@yahoo.com ;
                                    'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                Harris' comments last night

            KTUU 10 pm



            Politicians look east for natural gas customers

           by Mike Ross

           Monday, May 12, 2008

           ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- A delegation of Alaska political figures is just back from a trip to
           China. Their mission was to find out if there's a market for Alaska natural gas in the Far
           East.

            They say they'll use what they found out to put pressure on Gov. Sarah Palin in the
            upcoming battle over the gas pipeline project.

            The group included former Gov. Wally Hickel and House Speaker John Harris, who says the
            trip convinced him even more that an all-Alaska gas line is the best choice.

           "Alaskans would benefit more by that, by being able to sell their gas to those folks at a
           higher price than we could sell it to the United States," Harris said.

           The Alaska political figures met in Beijing with leaders of China's giant energy company
           Sinopec and in Tokyo with representatives of Mitsubishi Corporation, Tokyo Electric and
           Tokyo Gas.

           Harris says the message was the same at each stop -- the Far East is clamoring for Alaska
           natural gas.

           "We came away with the feeling, and I think they're gonna be writing it down in a letter
           to the governor, that they would take all the gas we could provide as soon as-we could
           provide it in the form of liquefied natural gas," Harris said.

           Harris says Gov. Hickel hopes to meet with Gov. Palin soon to discuss the China trip and
           to push again for an all-Alaska pipeline project that could ship liquefied gas to domestic
           and foreign markets.

           "Many people voted for this governor based upon the fact they thought she was gonna be an
           advocate for an all-Alaska gas line," Harris said. "That doesn't seem like that's the case
           now.     n


           The Palin gas line team says the bid from TransCanada for a pipeline to the Lower 48 was
           the only proposal to meet the requirements of the governor's Alaska Gasline Inducement
           Act, or AGIA.

           "We've said all along that (liquefied natural gas) needs to be looked at closely before we
           can make a decision on the TransCanada license," Revenue Commissioner Patrick Galvin said.
           "It has been a significant part of the analysis."

           Galvin is a member of the governor' s gas line team and says the all-Alaska route is still
           being reviewed.

           "We believe that we're taking a look very even-handedly at all issues and we want to make
           sure our decision is one that goes to maximizing the benefits of Alaskans," Galvin said.
                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0017754
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            "We're leaving the door open for all options."

           Harris says after making the trip, he believes Alaska's energy future lies in the Far
           East, not across the Canadian prairie.

           "I think a project that goes through Alaska and provides gas for Alaskans and provides
           jobs for Alaskans and not Canadians is the best way to go," he said. "That fight will
           place in another few days."

           The Palin administration is scheduled to announce next week if it will recommend the
           TransCanada bid. State lawmakers are due back in Juneau for a special session on the gas
           line project early next month.




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0017755
