Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Wednesday , May 14 , 2008 10:31 AM
               To:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FIN: Spring Into Summer Safety Festival




               From : Debra McGhan [maiito : northamericaoutdoorinstitute @gmail.com]
               Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 9:14 PM
               To: debramcghan @yahoo.com
               Subject: Spring Into Summer Safely Festival

               Get ready for all your summer adventures . Join the North America Outdoor Institute for a
               two-day Kick-Off Summer Safely Festival in Wasilla , Alaska, May 31 and June 1. There
               will be lots of professionals on hand to share great tips and tricks so you and your children
               can stay out of the emergency room ... or worse... and enjoy the best summer ever!

               What: Kick Off Summer Safely Festival - Hands-on Games, Activities, Contests and Prizes
               Who: Open to everyone (6-years and up) Families and Outdoor Enthusiasts of all ages interested
               in learning more about our environment & simple safety practices
               When: May 31-June 1 - 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Daily - Kick-off and Orientation at Denali
               Gymnastics and Fitness 10 a.m. Saturday
               Where : Wasilla - Denali Gymnastics, Iditapark, Wasilla Lake, Wasilla Sports Complex, Grouse
               Ridge Shooting Range and Wasilla Airport
               Cost: FREE
               Why?: To learn how you can see and do more safely in Alaska this summer

               This fun-filled festival will feature lots of practical tips along with hands-on games and
               activities. All participants will earn a chance to win great prizes.

               Learn practical tips on
                    ATV Riding
                     Aircraft Awareness
                     Bicycle safety
                     Firearm safety
                     Orienteering - Safe travel and route selection
                     Plants and Animals of Alaska
                     Summer Fitness
                     Emergency Outdoor Medical Care
                     Water Safety

               Note: Activities will be held at various locations and times. Participants will receive a map and
               passport to complete the event following registration . Win sponsor donated prizes as you take
               part in exciting hands-on games and activities that allow you to learn, sharpen and test your
               skills.

               Programs provided by the professionals at Dean Cummings' H2O Guides, the Mat-Su Dive
               Rescue Team, Alaska Safe Boating, Denali Gymnastics and Fitness, Alaska Bicycle Center
               ATV/Bicycle safe Riders, FAA professionals and veteran pilots, NRA/Eddie Eagle firearm


               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSPOI_0017761
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                specialists, and Red Cross First Aid professionals.

               To learn more, become a sponsor or sign-up email info@naoiak.org or contact Debra McGhan at 907-
               376-2898.

               Debra McGhan, NAOI Executive Director
               Office: 907-376-2898 ; Mobile: 907-982-0332
               www.naoiak.org
               This NAOI Outdoor Safety Education Program' made possible by the Mat-Su Health Foundation, the
               Alaska Division of Parks & Outdoor Recreation, the Elihu Foundation , Dean Cummings' H20 Guides'
               and our many generous sponsors , supporters and AWESOME volunteers!




               10/15/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017762
