Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

               From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Wednesday , May 14, 2008 3:08 PM
               To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: [Research Matters] Research Matters No. 31



              From : iser_publications-bounces@lists. uaa.alaska .edu (mailto:iser_publications-
              bounces@lists.uaa.alaska. edu] On Behalf Of ISER Research Announcements
              Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2008 2:47 PM
              To, ISER-Publications@lists.uaa.alaska.edu
              Subject: [Research Matters] Research Matters No. 31

              ISER Research Matters is our effort to quickly let Alaskans know about research findings from the
              Institute of Social and Economic Research (ISER), at the University of Alaska Anchorage . We post these
              on our Web site and distribute them by e-mail. If you'd like to be removed from or added to our e -mail list,
              send us a message at ResearchMatterst uaa.aiaska.edu

              ISER Research Matters No .31. Fuel Costs , Migration , and Community Viability
              May 12, 2008


              Recent rapid increases in fuel costs have focused attention on migration and the viability of remote rural
              Alaska communities . This report reviewed existing studies and data sources relating to the economic and
              social viability of remote rural Alaska communities .* We looked for possible linkages between high fuel
              costs and migration.

              Our review indicates the following:


                      Migration from smaller places toward larger places is an ongoing phenomenon that is more
                        noticeable when birth rates drop;
                      There is no systematic empirical evidence that fuel prices, by themselves, have been a definitive
                        cause of migration;
                      The pursuit of economic and educational opportunities appear to be a predominant cause of
                        migration;
                      Currently available survey data are not sufficient to definitively determine other reasons for
                        migration , which could include concerns about public safety and /or alcohol abuse;
                      Most of the survey data pre-date the latest rapid increase (2006 -2008) in fuel prices.

              We suggest several ways that better data could be collected on community viability and the reasons for
              migration.

              We conclude that fuel costs matter, but they do not seem to be a definitive driver of migration . However,
              because migration appears to be related to earnings, the people who are hardest hit by high fuel costs
              may be least able to afford to move. The problem of high fuel costs is an urgent challenge that needs to
              be addressed , irrespective of the complex effects of fuel prices on migration.

              *Some of these studies are difficult to find, so we scanned them and posted the PDF files on our Web
              site together with the final report.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0017775
