Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, May 14, 2008 11:25 AM
           To:                      Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Seniors




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

           Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 10:53 PM

           .To:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Seniors



           Web mail from: Ms. Teisha Simmons

           address: 341 Carlton Dr. Fairbanks AK 99701

             907-479-5144



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           First, congratulations on the wonderful addition of Trig to your amazing family. What a
           blessing for your family and for him.



           Regarding business, I am writing to express my support for the Capital Budget request of
           $250,000 that will greatly assist individuals with disabilities in selecting the
           appropriate assistive technology that will enable them to live and participate in their
           communities independently.



           I can speak personally to the significance of such funds. I was injured in a car accident
           in 1992 at the age of 15, and as a result, became paralyzed from the shoulders down. For
           two years after my accident, I experienced severe depression as I was very limited in what
           I could do. However, one day a staff member from the Fairbanks Center for Independent
           Living called and said that they had just purchased a head mouse (a computer program in
           which one can use a pc with head movements) and asked if I would like to try it for a
           week. I agreed, and from that point on, my life improved drastically. Using a head mouse,
           I graduated from high school as valedictorian, received a bachelor's degree and master's
           degree from UAF, and am now faculty there. I take great pride that I am a contributing
           taxpayer. I could have easily been a quadriplegic who resided in a nursing home at the
           expense of the State, but instead am thankful everyday of my life that I live in a period
           where the necessary resour

           ces for my success are available to me.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0017778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The difference that adaptive equipment makes in the lives of those with disablities is of
           such importance to the potential for success. I hope you will support the CILs request of
           Capital funding of $250,000.



           Respectfully,



           Teisha Simmons

           Fairbanks, AK



            teisha.simmons@live.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017779
