Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


              Unknown
                                                                                                                                      I
               From :    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [rhonda. mcbride@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Wednesday, May 14 , 2008 12:19 PM
               To:       'gov. palin@yahoo . com'; Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Katz; John W (GOV);
                         Monegan ; Walt C (DPS); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
              Subject: RADAR SCREEN : Ken Johns' AFN Fish and Wildlife Proposal
              AFN FISH AND WILDLIFE COMMISSION PROPOSAL

              At their May 13th full board meeting, AFN approved, in concept, a proposal to create a
              federally funded Alaska Native Fish and Wildlife Commission.

              Ahtna CEO Ken John introduced this measure. It now goes to AFN's legislative
              committee for review and more work on the language.

               I requested a copy but was told that AFN is not ready to release it.

               Here are what appear to be some of the basic elements of the proposal:

                      AFN will ask Congress to invoke "constitutional" authority over Native lands. The
                        argument: state management of fish and wildlife is detrimental to the subsistence
                        way of life.
                      AFN will seek an amendment to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to create
                        an Alaska Native Fish and Wildlife Commission.
                      The Secretary of Interior and Secretary of Agriculture would work with the
                        Commission to establish a co-management structure
                      The Commission would be funded by the Interior Department - to provide support
                        staff and fish and wildlife monitoring.
                      The Commission would oversee fish and wildlife management on Native
                        allotments and Native corporation lands. This includes regional and village
                        corporations.
                      Regional and village corporations could opt out - or restrict use of their lands.
                      Initially, the Secretary of Interior would help to negotiate a co-management
                        structure. Regional advisory councils would be part of this process. The state
                        would be invited as a non-voting member.
                      One a co-management structure is set up, a commission would be appointed, with
                        one member from each of the 12 ANCSA regions.
                      Under ANCSA, Native corporations received about 46 million acres - so
                        combined with Federal land, this would remove a lot of land out of state control

               Spoke with Ken Johns during a break. He said in the Ahtna region alone, his proposal
               would move about 2 million acres out of state control.

               Johns said this proposal was bom out of frustration over the state 's handling of Nelchina
               moose and caribou hunts. He opposes ADF&G's income limits on Tier II Subsistence
               permits.

               During the meeting , other AFN Board members voiced support, citing:

                     . Frustration over ADF&G enforcement


               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0017793
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


                   Claims that subsistence hunters are harassed by Fish and Wildlife Protection Officers
                   Fees for permits that, with the high cost of fuel, have become increasingly burdensome.

              What kind of legs this proposal will get remains to be seen , but it will no doubt increase
              pressure on ADF&G.




              Rhonda McBride
              Rural Affairs Advisor
              Office of the Governor
              Atwood Building , Suite 1700
              550 West 7th Avenue
              Anchorage , Alaska 99501
              Tel: (907) 269-7451
              E-Mail: Rhonda . McBride(alaska.gov




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0017794
