Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From.                    Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KJREHFELD]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, May 14, 2008 2:57 PM
          To:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); 'jbanta@mac.com'
          Subject:                 Steller Secondary School


          Dear Ms. Banta:




           Thank you for your email to Governor Palin regarding funding for the Steller Secondary
           School in the FY2009 capital budget.



          We will work with legislators and review each project prior to making any decision
          regarding individual projects. Public input is an important part of the budget process.
          The information you provided will be considered in our evaluation of the budget.



           Thank you again for your comments.



           Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

           Office of Management and Budget



           -----Original Message-----

           From :   Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday , April 28,    2008 8:53 AM

           To: 'jbanta@ mac.com'

           Subject: RE: Education




          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Saturday, April 26, 2008 8:48 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Education


                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0017799
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Web mail from: Ms. Janice Banta

          address: 6820 Teresa Circle Anchorage AK 99516

           907-348-8803



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,



          I am writing on behalf of funds requested in the education budget to assist Steller
          Secondary School with upgrades to their library and computer capabilities. I recall
          meeting you at Denali Montessori Elementary School computer lab earlier in the year when
          you held a press conference promoting internet feedback to determine your budget
          priorities for the year. I appreciate the way you take citizen input into account as you
          make these difficult decisions.



          The Denali computer lab is accomplishing wonderful progress in the reading capabilities of
          our students.  There are many bright, capable students at Steller, however, who are trying
          to do their work with limited numbers of antiquated equipment in their computer lab. The
          library is a travesty, with a small collection of mostly outdated books. The school is
          nearly 50 years old and it is becoming increasingly difficult for students and staff to
          function with the problems that recur (electrical problems, water damage, etc.) in such an
          old facility.



          Please help these exceptional Steller students reach their full academic potential by
          keeping this relatively small budget item in the final education bill.



          Thank you for your efforts to prepare Alaska's students for their future.



          Sincerely,



          Janice Banta, Steller Secondary Parent



         jbanta@mac.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0017800
