Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Thursday, May 15, 2008 9:20 AM
         To:                      skipe@gci.net
         Subject:                 RE: Transportation


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state. ak.us        (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

         Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2008 9:01 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Transportation



         Web mail from: Skip Elliott

         address: 580 Seater St. Juneau AK 99801




         MESSAGE:

        'Dear Gov. Palin,



         I want to thank you for your efforts to return Alaska to the days when "statesmen", not
         "bring home the bacon" politicians served Alaska (as opposed to themselves.) This is
         particularly important during times of plenty, and I commend you. Not since Sen. Alriss
         Sturgulewski told me twenty years ago (back when I was Skagway Mayor) that she almost
         regretted Alaska's oil wealth because it had destroyed political cooperation, have I heard
         one of our prominent elected officials express such common-sense fiscal prudence. In
         particular, I applaud your attempts to restrict capital fund expenditures to projects that
         address statewide, not just local, problems. Plus, I appreciate your attempts to use
         current, probably short-lived, income surpluses to address Alaska's future fiscal
         operating obligations.

         So, I was greatly pleased to read in a recent Juneau Empire article that your office was
         quoted, as follows, regarding the Juneau Access Road: "It does not make sense to go out to
         bid for part of a road when there is pending litigation and the outcome of that litigation
         could change the whole scope of the project or not allow it at all." Even ignoring the
         potential litigation, I believe that you fully appreciate the imprudence of starting a
         costly project before funding is fully in-hand. In this case, substantial financial
         resources would be diverted from other Alaskan projects for several years in order to
         construct a parallel, transportation system with a very dubious cost/benefit ratio. As
         the owner of an investment advisory business, I can say with complete confidence that if a
         fraction of the necessary construction costs were placed into a Transportation Endowment
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0017827
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Fund, the earnings alone would be sufficient to pay for the plane and ferry tickets for
          all travelers in Upper Lyn

          n Canal for many decades.

          Again, I applaud your fiscal restraint and your prudence in not committing to this road
          project.   However, I also hope that you understand that transportation is indeed an
          important issue in Juneau. I travel monthly between Juneau and Skagway and certainly
          welcome a fast, reliable option. I am very pleased that your administration has taken
          some good, initial steps to improve ferry scheduling. In my opinion, regularly scheduled,
          fast ferries in North Lynn Canal would satisfy nearly everyone 's traveling needs.   The
          main opposition, however, seems to come from DOT/PF itself, not the traveling public.
          That opposition would largely disappear, if only the Marine Highway System did not
          comprise so much of their State-funded operating budget. Therefore, in the interest of
          leveling the playing field at DOT/PF, I ask that you lobby our federal delegation to allow
          the Alaska Marine Highway System to utilize federal highway capital and operational funds
          according to the same formulas availa

          ble for regular highway systems. If successful, you could upgrade and operate the Alaska
          Marine Highway System using federal funds, and more easily and fairly weigh such upgrades
          against other transportation projects of statewide interest.  Let's take departmental,
          budgetary politics out of such decisions.

          Keep up the good work.



          Sincerely,




          Skip Elliott                         Juneau, AK




          skipe@gci.net




                                                            2


                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0017828
