Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                   Thursday, May 15, 2008 1:29 PM
           To:                     Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov. state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov.state . ak.us]

           Sent: Thursday, May 15,     2008 12:48 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Kenneth Carlin

           address: 5200 Sam\'s Circle Wasilla AK 99654




           MESSAGE:


          May 15, 2008


           5200 Sam's Circle


          Wasilla, AK. 99654



          Governor Sarah Palin

          Anchorage Office

          550 West 7th Avenue, Suite 1700

          Anchorage, AK 99501



          Dear Governor Palin:



          Mr. Kenneth Carlin, my uncle, and mother's brother, who lives in Wasilla does not have
          email access, so he suggested that my mother (Jackie Simonelli) and I email you regarding
          treatment for your son Trig, who was diagnosed with Down's Syndrome. I'm Tony Simonelli,
          Mr. Carlin's nephew, who found out about your son in a recent article in the Washington
          Post dated May 10th entitled "What Is Normal and What is Perfect: Governor, Mom Talks
          About Son."
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017815
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          My mother, Jackie, and I wanted to pass along some information about treatment for Down's
          Syndrome that we think would be beneficial for Trig. It's about the Institutes for the
          Achievement of Human Potential (IAHP) which is a non-profit organization in Philadelphia,
          PA.  IAHP has had great success treating brain-injured children - including children with
          Down's Syndrome. I was on IAHP's Program and it greatly improved my cerebral palsy and
          vision problems.

          Here is some background on IAHP. It was started by Glenn Doman in 1955. The Institutes
          teaches parents how to treat their children at home. Children are evaluated at IAHP in
          Philadelphia, and a complete program of neurological organization is designed for the
          family and the brain-injured child. The family is taught about the program and returns
          home to carry out the program on the brain-injured child. The goal of the program is to
          give each child a fighting chance to be well (have normal age-related neurological
          function) no matter how severely the child may be brain-injured. For a more complete
          background I highly recommend reading the book:




          What To Do About Your Brain-injured Child: Or Your Brain-damaged, Mentally Retarded,
          Mentally Deficient, Cerebral-Palsied, Epileptic, Autistic, Athetoid, Hyperactive,
          Attention Deficit Disorder (Pub. 2005, by Glenn Doman.) It's out in both hardcover and
          paperback, and it's available in most bookstores and Amazon.com .



          Also, it would be helpful to check out IAHP's website www.iahp.org for more information on
          the program' s success with children with Down's Syndrome. The contact information for
          IAHP is the following -



          PH#    (215) 233-2050, Email is institutes@iahp.org .



          If you contact IAHP ask to speak to Doug or Janet Doman, (Glenn Doman's son and daughter),
          and mention my name (Tony Simonelli).



          Now, I. will introduce my mother (Jackie Simonelli), and she will let you know how she
          found IAHP and how I ended up on the successful Program:



          (The following is from my mother, Jackie Simonelli} -



           [Dear Governor Palin:




          I would like to add how and why we used the program of IAHP. Our son, Tony, was born 2
          1/2 months premature and his lungs were not fully developed (lacked surfactant) in what is
          called medically Hyaline Membrane disease (which is what the John F. Kennedy baby had but
          died).  Drs. said the surfactant would kick in, in 72 hours and he would be okay, but he
          took a big breath on his second day and blew a hole in his right lung which caused loss of
          oxygen to his brain at that time (hypoxia). He weighed 4 lb. 5 oz. which helped but, Tony
          had to stay in the hospital for 2 months before we could bring him home. This loss of
          oxygen to his brain caused him vision problems plus cerebral palsy . When Tony started to
          crawl, we noticed he would drag his right leg, plus his eyes were crossed ( strabismus).  I
          met a woman whose son was on the IAHP program and she suggested I write them about Tony's

                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0017816
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           birth history.      IAHP wrote back and suggested we come to Philadelphia for a consultation.
           We did and

            the rest is history - Tony was on their program for approx. 3 '4i years and improved with
            each year (in grade school he played little league baseball, soccer, and basketball (not
            the best player, but he loved it none the less.) He is now 32 years old, went to U.C.
            Berkeley as a Chancellor's Scholar, graduated Phi Beta Kappa, Magma Cum Laude, and with
            Highest Honors in Political Science. He went on to U.C. Berkeley School of Law (Boalt)
            and graduated in the top third of his class of 350 law students.



           We hope you will be able to read the book What to do About Your Brain Injured Child, as
           well as IAHP's website (www.iahp.org) and gain information that might be helpful and
           beneficial to you and your family.)



           We wish you all the best,




           Sincerely,




           Jackie and Tony Simonelli

           PH & FAX# (415) 453-1781

           Email address:      zumbolt@yahoo.com .



           zumbolt@yahoo.com




                                                             3




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0017817
