Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:    Thursday, May 15, 2008 9:18 AM
             To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject : FW: Alaska Teachers




             From : Lauren Grossman [mailto:lgrossman@online.gcu.edu]
             Sent: Monday, May 12, 2008 9:29 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Alaska Teachers

                 Grand Canyon University is pleased to extend a scholarship opportunity
                 to Alaska teachers interested in earning their first or second Masters
               degree. A scholarship of $s,ooo will be offered to educators, and
                   the $1oo applicationfee will be waivedfor the upcoming
                              Summer and Falldnb sp;semesters.

            You may also be eligible for financial aid and the Title I loan cancellation program to
            help pay for school. Educators teaching in Title I schools may be eligible to cancel up to
            $5,000 off a Federal Student Loan.

            Choosing to pursue your Masters degree in Education is a huge decision. As a teaching
            professional, you know earning an advanced degree will have a direct impact on your
            career. I am here to assist you in determining if Grand Canyon University is a good fit
            for you, as well as help you decide which program will help you achieve your educational
            and professional goals.

            Grand Canyon is consistently ranked one of the top Masters in Education degree
            granting Universities in the United States. OEDb's Online Education Ratings ranked
            Grand Canyon University best of class. The OEDb link is as follows:
            http://oedb.org/rankings.

            Grand Canyon University's main campus is located in Phoenix, Arizona. The university
            is Regionally Accredited through the North Central Association for the Higher Learning
            Commission. All Education programs are ioo% online for those teachers needing a
            more flexible and convenient way to pursue higher education.

            Please feel free to share this information with other educators in your district who are
            also in need of their Bachelor's or Master's degree in Education. The ability to share
            books and work with a cohort of fellow educators provides not only support but can also
            save you money.

            We offer many different Education programs that teachers can complete ioo% online.
            Completion time is 18 to 30 months.

            For more information on the programs, Title One Loan Cancellation, and


            10/15/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0017836
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


              theAlaska scholarship, please click the link below or cut and paste the address into your web
              browser:
               http://www.gcu.edu/ec/Irossman


              If you are ready to apply for admission and the scholarships still available, please click this link
              please or cut and paste the address into your web
              browser:https://secure.mastersonline.com/application/frmlogin.asp?molid=igi


              **You must contact Lauren Grossman in order to receive the Alaska scholarships. There are
              a limited number of scholarships available. Individuals that request information through the
              general website will not qualify for the scholarships. Scholarships are for new students only.**


              Warmest Regards,

              Lauren K Grossman

              Grand Canyon University
              Enrollment Manager
              College of Education
              602-639-6447- Office
              888-700-6902- Fax
              866-730-4225- Toll Free
              mailto:IgrossmanCuD-online.gcu.edu

              To unsubscribe from our email list, please click here.

              This email was sent by: Grand Canyon University 3300 W. Camelback Road Phoenix, AZ,
              85017.




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017837
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             5/13 - Keeping Score on Climate Change Proposals                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:       Thursday, May 15, 2008 9:18 AM
             To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Weekly: Keeping Score on Climate Change Proposals




            From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
            Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 10:59 AM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Weekly: Keeping Score on Climate Change Proposals


                                                                             View this online.


                   May 13, 2008



                                                       FI   C.   H TIN   G    F     R    Y c. ; It       B U S I ,'"< F 1 S



              Keeping Score on Climate Change Proposals                                                               Member Benefits
              By Tom Donohue                                                                                            Csgt a Free 14-Day Job Postin
                                                                                                                                   on Monster
                                  Only a real policy wonk could hope to sort out the `dizzying array of           Monster Job Postings help you find i
                                                                                                                  hire top local candidates-fast. As a
                                  complex proposals to address global climate change-cap-and-
                                                                                                                  valued Chamber of Commerce mem
                                  trade, emission credits, carbon sequestration, etc. But regardless of
                                                                                                                  you can try Monster for free.
                                  how complicated the problem is, decisions on how to deal with it
                                  cannot be left to Beltway bureaucrats and bean counters alone. The              To learn more visit us online. or call
                                  American people must educate themselves and weigh in on the                     877-870-2158.
                                  debate.

              As you read and hear about the literally dozens of different proposals to combat climate
              change, you might consider evaluating those plans by asking yourself a few simple
              questions.

              Join the conversation.




              Capital Roundup
              Here are a few of the exclusive stories appearing on our Web site this week. Visit
              u cham                                                                                               I Quips
                                         for the very latest news{ updates , and special features.
                                                                                                                  "Small business owners are particulr
              Calling All Chamber Members: Come to Washinaton in Support of Trade                                 threat here because they don't have
                                                                                                                  resources to go and fight this."
              The U.S. Chamber and its grassroots trade education arm, TradeRoots, are asking
              members to join other concerned business leaders from across the nation in                          -Caroline Joiner, executive director
              Washington , D.C. on May 20 to voice their support for expanded free trade.                         U.S. Chamber's anti-counterfeiting a
                                                                                                                  piracy initiative, on the widespread n
              Chamber Calls for Infrastructure Investments                                                        of counterfeiting during an interview
              In separate speeches, U.S. Chamber President and CEO Tom Donohue and Senior                         Jim Blasingame's Small Business
              Vice President and COO David Chavem highlighted the economic and competitive                        Advocate radio program, May 5
              benefits of a strong infrastructure and called for a national plan to address the issue.

              House Passes Intellectual Property Bill                                                             I From the Blog
              The House on May 6 passed Chamber-supported legislation that would further crack                    Key Vote Letter Supporting N-&
              down on intellectual property theft and piracy.                                                       the "Credit and Debit Card Recc
                                                                                                                             Clarification Act
              Chamber Representative Testifies on Arizona's Immigration Law                                      H.R. 4008 makes a correction to the
              Arizona's new worksite enforcement law is placing unmanageable financial and                       and Accurate Credit Transaction At
              administrative burdens on employers , employees, federal agencies , and local law                  ("FACTA") to free hundreds of busin
              enforcement, Mitchell C. Laird, president of MCL Enterprises Inc. in Arizona, told                 from potential exposure to massive t
                                                                                                                 solely because of confusion over the




            10/15/2009

                                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0017838
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             5/13 - Keeping Score on Climate Change Proposals                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


               members of Congress.                                                                                 exact requirements on the treatment of
                                                                                                                    credit card numbers and expiration dates.

                                                                                                                    Read more.
               Also In This Issue

                     In Your Backyard: Enemy Prices Offer Mixed Benefits for State Economy


                     Small Business : The Bosses of Barbecue


                     Economy: Housing Market Remains Weak


                     U.S. Chamber Makes Additional 2008 Endorsements (log-in required)


                     A Heavy Lift for a Stone Company


                     Colombia Free Trade Agreement Needed




                                                               uschamber.com Weekly I Editor. John Reid
                                                                Writers : Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo
                You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce, which has partnered with the U.S.
               Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members -only access to our online Small Business Center, as
              well as other periodic communications . To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your
                                                            profile on your Subscription Managemen t Pau .

               The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter. Advertisements do not
                                            constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                                                           You are subscribed as: govemor@gov.state.ak.us
                                                                              Your Account
                                                       Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                               Stop receiving uschamber.com Weekly.
                               htto /!www. uschamber. infb/fedmember/remove-domain-direct.td?ctx=center&nkev=w73wab6417x6i6ix&


                      If you do not wish to receive U .S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                       line, or dick here. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business center password , please update your profile on
                        your Subscription ManaoemenjPace. You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed. For
                             more information about U .S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line at 1-800 -638-6582.




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                                      P RA_GS P01 _0017839
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                             Page 1 of 4


             Unknown

              From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@aiaska.gov]
              Sent:        Thursday, May 15 , 2008 9:04 AM
              To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : May 14-20, 2008



             From : Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournai.com]
             Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2008 11:06 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: May 14-20, 2008

                                                      If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                            Waste Business )oumal Weekly News Bulletin : May 14-20, 2008


              HEADLINES...
              1. Steel Dynamics' OmniSource to Buy Recycle South LLC for $505
                  Million
              2. Experts Hired to Rebuff Caselia Landfill Expansion
              3. Federal Probe in Connecticut Yields another Guilty Plea
              4. Waste Industries Completes Transaction to Go Private
              5. BFI Canada Reports Strong First Quarter Results
              6. Virgin Islands Establishes E-Waste Collection
              7. EnergySolutionsPosts Revenue of $502 million in First Quarter
              8. EnGlobe Revenues and Earnings Down
              9. Avalon Holdings Reports First Quarter Loss
              10. GreenMan Technologies Reports Second Quarter Results


               The weekly news bulletin Is a service of Waste Business Journal . WB) provides
               research and analysis of the waste Industry. To learn more, please visit:
               www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
               Signup and Unsubsoibe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
             I Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



              Market Radius Reports
              Focus on Your Market...
              Market radius reports capture all waste
              operations within a given market. They
              provide analysis of the major players by
              market share, and show historical trends of
              pricing, volume and capacity specific to that
              area. [Learn More...]




             1. STEEL DYNAMICS' OMNISOURCE TO BUY RECYCLE SOUTH LLC FOR
                $505 MILLION
                  Steel Dynamics Inc. subsidiary OmniSource Corp. will acquire Recycle South LLC, a
                  large, regional scrap metal recycler in Spartanburg, S.C. for about $505 million.
                  Under the terms of the transaction, OmniSource, which already owns about 25% of




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0017840
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                 Page 2 of 4


                    Recycle South, will pay $232 million in cash to Recycle South shareholders, who
                    will also receive 3.938 million shares of Steel Dynamics common stock valued at
                    $138 million. OmniSource will also assume certain liabilities, including net debt of
                    about $135 million at closing. Recycle South, which employs approximately 600
                    people at 19 locations in the Carolinas and Georgia, was formed In August 2007
                    through the merger of Carolinas Recycling Group and Atlantic Scrap and
                    Processing. Recycle South generated revenues of about $670 million from the
                    processing of about 1.4 million tons of ferrous scrap and 150 million pounds of
                    non-ferrous scrap over the 12-month period ending on March 31, 2008.
                    OmniSource, which was acquired by Steel Dynamics in October 2007, processes
                    scrap metal at 50 locations in the eastern United States and Canada... Read More s


               2.   EXPERTS HIRED TO REBUFF CASELLA LANDFILL EXPANSION
                    It is a sign of growing hostility to landfills , especially in the northeast, that
                    opponents of a landfill in Southbridge , MA, operated by Casella Waste , have hired
                    experts to fight plans to import more waste . The group, which calls itself
                    Southbridge Community Connections , hired experts in environmental health and
                    justice. David O. Carpenter, professor at the Environmental Health and Toxicology
                    Division at the University of Albany 's School of Public Health in New York said
                    biodegradable materials from municipal solid waste is "much worse" than
                    construction waste . Environmental justice lawyer Veronica Eady , with New York
                    Lawyers for the Public Interest, took issue with increased exhaust from diesel
                    trucks which has been linked to asthma and heart disease ... Read More 


               3.   FEDERAL PROBE IN CONNECTICUT YIELDS ANOTHER GUILTY PLEA
                    There has been yet another guilty plea In the ongoing federal probe of pricing
                    fixing In western Connecticut and eastern New York. This time, a former top
                    salesman for Automated Waste Disposal, the company at the center of the
                    Investigation, named Richard Galiettl admitted that he asked his state trooper
                    cousin to check the ownership of cars thought to be federal surveillance vehicles.
                    According to the indictment, Galante, Galletti and their co-defendants are accused
                    of conspiring to set up a "property rights system' under which carters divide
                    customers and agree not to compete in order to artificially Inflate prices... Read
                    More a


               4.   WASTE INDUSTRIES COMPLETES TRANSACTION TO GO PRIVATE
                    Waste Industries USA announced that as of May 9, It has completed its previously
                    announced transaction to go private. The transaction was led by an Investor group
                    consisting of founder and Chairman Lonnie C. Poole, Jr., President and CEO Jim W.
                    Perry, and financial partners Macquarie Infrastructure Partners and Goldman
                    Sachs. Shareholders approved the deal at a special meeting held on May 8...Read
                    More a


               5.. BFI CANADA REPORTS STRONG FIRST QUARTER RESULTS
                   BFI Canada said that bottom- up operational strategies and an Intensified focus on
                   growth opportunities helped increase first quarter revenues by 20 .8% year over
                   year. Even without the effects of currency translation, fuel and environmental
                   surcharges , revenues Increased by 13. 3% In Canada and 6. 2% in the U.S. Higher
                   Interest expense and other financial expenses led to a slight decline in earnings
                   (Canadian $) to $8,776, or $0.15 per unit, from $10,365, or $0.19 per unit In the
                   same period last year ... Read More a


                                    ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

               Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is the only
               directory of its kind and is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
               facility database of over 7,400 waste processing and disposal facilities
               across the US.
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites Is a powerful
               research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
               operating profiles of all landfills, waste -to-energy plants, materials recovery facilities,
               construction & demolition landfills , transfer stations, composting operations and more
               throughout the entire US. [Learn More...]




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0017841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                       Page 3 of 4


               6.   VIRGIN ISLANDS ESTABLISHES E-WASTE COLLECTION
                    The U.S. Virgin Islands agreed to set up facilities for the collection of discarded
                    consumer electronics products and other waste after being fined almost $37,200
                    for violations of the Environmental Protection Agency's hazardous waste rules. The
                    EPA said its Inspections found that computers and other waste were being
                    discarded without efforts to minimize or prevent release of mercury, lead and other
                    hazardous materials... Read More a


               7.   ENERGYSOLUTIONS POSTS REVENUE OF $502 MILLION IN FIRST
                    QUARTER
                    Nuclear waste services company EnergySolutions Inc reported profit for the first
                    quarter of 2008, helped by higher revenues. Net income for the first quarter was
                    $19.3 million or $0.22 per share, compared to a loss of $10.3 million In the prior
                    year quarter. That exceeded analysts' expectations. Earnings would have been
                    even higher ($23.8 million or $0.27 per share) without the impact of non-cash
                    amortization of intangible assets . The company's revenues increased to $502
                    million from $114 million in the same quarter last year. For the year ahead, the
                    company still expects earnings of $0.69 to $0.74 per share and earnings before the
                    impact of non-cash amortization of intangible assets of $ 0.89 to $0 .94 per share
                    on revenue of $1.8 billion to $ 1.9 billion ... Read More a


               8.   ENGLOBE REVENUES AND EARNINGS DOWN
                    EnGlobe Corp., an environmental services company based In southern Ontario,
                    reported that its first quarter loss more than doubled to $3.9 million, ($0.05) per
                    share, from $1.9 million, ($0.02) per share. Revenues fell to $24.3 million from
                    $26.8 million. The company has made acquisitions and appointed new
                    management realign operations... Read More r


               9. AVALON HOLDINGS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER LOSS
                    Waste management firm Avalon Holdings recorded a drop in first quarter revenues
                    and profits. Revenues decreased to $10.4 million from $11.3 million in the first
                    quarter of 2007. Profits declined to a net loss of $60,000, or a loss of $.02 per
                    share, from net Income of $352,000 or $.09 per share for the first quarter of
                    2007... Read More a


               10. GREENMAN TECHNOLOGIES REPORTS SECOND QUARTER RESULTS
                   Tire recycler GreenMan Technologies said that a recent acquisition helped increase
                   revenues and volume but also added considerably to SG&A expense, resulting in a
                   widened loss for the three months ended March 31...Read More a


               Waste Market Overview &
               Outlook
              The Waste Market Overview
              examines the industry top to
              bottom covering waste generation,
              collection, processing, recovery and
              disposal by revenue and volume.
              The report details the relationship of
              past and future pricing to capacity
              and demand for disposal , and shows
              the Increasing role of the private
              sector. Waste equipment and the
              emerging Importance of e-waste,
              C&D recovery , food wastes, tires
              and medical wastes are examined.
               Market Revenues by Segment                  C!JF1 ^, i"_ ^ t`xI Vii] C'f f.:.7 C:L'S t?Y'7 f'Yi P^T
               Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
               Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
               Geographic Distribution of the Market
               Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
               Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
               Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
               Waste Management Equipment
              [Learn More...]




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0017842
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Page 4 of 4




               ABOUT US
               Waste Business Journal researches the waste Industry and publishes a variety of
               reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based on their particular
               needs . Please give us a call or email to discuss how we can help you.
               CONTACT US
               PO Box 40034
               San Diego, CA 92164-0034
               Tel 619.793.5190
               Fax 619.793.4713
               Email Info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
               FORWARD THIS EMAIL
               Forward email
               UNSUBSCRIBE
               This email was sent to offlce_of the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
               info@wastebusinesslou rnal.com
               Update Profile/ Email Address J Instant removal with SafeUnsubscrib&'
               Privacy Policy.
               QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
               Email thompson@ wastebusinessjournal.com.
               DISCLAIMER
               Although WBl has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear and are
               unintentional.




            10/15/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0017843
