Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, May 15, 2008 9:15 AM
          To:                      zak204O@aol.com
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Thursday, May 15, 2008 6:32 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Zachary Lundy

          address: 389 Cherry Leaf Road Delaware OH 43015

           614-204-0661



          MESSAGE:

          Honorable Governor Palin,



          While I am not a citizen of your great state. I have watched from afar at your first two
          years as Governor of Alaska. As a Conservative American I am so proud of the good work
          you are doing. Not only are you reforming your state,'and truly serving your citizens
          well you have done while maintaining your role as mother, and wife. Your work has not
          gone unoticed, and I look forward to the day when all of America gets to benefit from your
          good work.  Thank you for your work, and Good luck. My prayers are with the you, your
          family, and the great state you serve.



         God Bless,

         Zachary J. Lundy



         zak204O@aol.com




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0017829
