Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) fgovemor@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Friday, May 16,2008 10:17 AM
            To:                      'amencasfirstfreedom @hotmail.com'
            Subject :                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, May 16, 2008 5:10 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Keith Kluesener

            address: 1922 Bridgewater Drive Avon AK 46123




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,



            Out here in the Midwest, we aren't able to keep up on all the goings-on out your way in
            the same manner your constituents can, but I've run across snippets of information
            concerning you from time to time over the last several months, and the more I read...



            ...the more I like.



            With so many layers of bureaucracy in government, and my cynicism growing as fast as my
            age, my list of everyday heroes is getting smaller and smaller. I realize that there are
            many more good people doing the people's work (not politicians) than I can mention, but
            from what I've read about your positions on various issues, you are on my short list of
            heroes/ heroines, as well as people such as Congressman Mike Pence from Indiana. Of the
            many things to admire about you, I believe my favorite thing would have to be your spine,
            for it can not be an easy task to be Governor of our largest State (I hope I have that
            correctly) in the proximity of some of your more liberally-minded neighboring states.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0017902
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            God Bless you, your family, and your efforts in your work as Alaska's Governor. When I
            hear rumblings about ' a woman president', I find myself thinking of women such as you,
            Condoleeza Rice, or Kay Bailey Hutchinson. I believe nowadays , a lot of people spend too
            much time trying to put someone in office who looks or acts Presidential, instead of
            someone with substance in ideas and some backbone. I consider you to have both. Once
            again, I believe this next election will be about electing the lesser of two evils and not
            the best person for the job. Such is the course American Politics has taken us to.



            Once again, God Bless you.



            Keith Kluesener

            Avon IN 46123



            americasfirstfreedom@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0017903
