Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, May 16, 2008 10:24 AM
           To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Friday, May 16, 2008 7:38 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. mike fox

            address: 3502 sierra st juneau AK 99801




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Palin,

            When announcing your fuel subsidy program on the state wide news why did you say giving
            $100 to Alaskans is better than letting the money pile up in Juneau?



            Why not say something like; letting the money pile up in a state savings account, or
            permanent fund?



            Is it because you disrespect or dislike Juneau? Is it because you cannot resist an
            opportunty to take a shot at the citizens of Juneau?



            Is your disregard for the citizens of Juneau intentional or is this just how you think?



            Is this part of a political agenda?



            I lived in South Central Alaska for 12 years and have experienced this anti Juneau
            attitude first hand. Playing off "Juneau" as the source of problems in government is
            unfair, disrespectful and does not help solve problems.


                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0017900
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Presenting your $ 100/month gift to Alasakans as an "us vs. Juneau issue " is not something
             to be proud of.



             My concern is that your anti Juneau attitude is so ingrained you can't help yourself.



             As you said during your campaign - You are a valley girl first . I wish you were an
             Alaskan first.



             Sincerely,

             Mike Fox




             foxhouse @ gci.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0017901
