  Unknown

   From :   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
   Sent:    Saturday, August 09, 2008 4:32 PM
   To:      fek9wnr@yahoo.com
   Subject: FW: update on Joel Stefanski
   Todd - This came in. Don't know if you know these folks. Janice


   From : Mindy Stefanski [mailto:akgolfer@gci.net]
   Sent : Friday, August 08, 2008 12:24 AM
   To: Academy/Lucille McSorley; Adam-dkincaid@mtaonline.net; aski12001@yahoo.com;
   anneronbb@comcast.net; dns02@yahoo.com; gbturner@mtaonline.net; grrmay@gci.net;
    hoopscoach@mtaonline.net; cmenard@matsugov.us; cheneydd@bbscmail.com; Wmtok-
   gm@hollandamerica.com; Dawn. Brettrager@matsukl2.us; swimmom24_7@yahoo.com;
    DMSpain@matanuska.com; diane@abctraveltime.com; francisanelson@hotmail.com;
   georgia_tompkins@yahoo.com; georgia.tompkins@matsuk.12; helga@helgalarson.com;
   jmrandal@mtaonline.net; jwedge0l@yahoo.com; mabryantalaska@yahoo.com;
    kellilyn84@hotmail.com; taylorkb@gci.net; getfit@alaska.com; nahanni911@rnsmte.com; Leesa-
    leesapayne@hotmail.com; lisa.sanders.icng@statefarm.com; (seal@terrasond.com;
   Lucille. McSorley@matsukl2.us; LynneSKlosterman@aol.com; Margo40@alaska.net;
   woodhawk@midrivers.com; plmcconkey@aol.com; seamus@mtaonline.net;
   RepCarlGatto@ leg is.state.a k. us
   Subject: Re: update on Joel Stefanski




    Not the update I had planned. Joel had surgery yesterday. I checked on Joel's
   surgery progress and was told they were closing in OR. This was at the 4 hour
   mark... (At the 2 hr mark I was told it could take another 6 1/2 hours). Dr. Routt
   came out and took us back to his office to show us the 3D films of the pelvis and
   vascular system within the injury site... His news was serious. There were holes in
   the veins and arteries. He lost a lot of blood as the holes were uncovered. This
   prevented the team from doing much repair on the hip and the priority became
   stopping the bleeding. They packed the injury site within the pelvic area and
   finished. The misson became getting Joel back to stable. He is again in the ICU. If
   this is accomplished thru the night he will go to surgery in the morning to to remove
   the packing and repair the vascular system and possibly remove his spleen. I don't
   believe there will be much if any repair on the the hip/pelvic area. If the vascular
   surgery goes well, they will schedule additional hip surgery later after he is stable
   again. As I write this he is stable and holding his own tonight. We are praying he will
   make it through and into surgery on Friday. Rhowe and Saige are arriving in Seattle
   tonight with Mindy's sister Dawn and Joel's Mom and brother Mark will also be here.

   We just don't know at this point ...............

   Love,
   Mindy


                                                                                          ROSTON 02812
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
   -------Original Message-------

   From: Mindy Stefanski
   Date : 08/06/08 19:22:51
   To: Academy/Lucille McSorley; Adam-dkincaid(a)mtaonline.net; ann stefanski; Anne Brown;
   Birdie Green; Brenda Turner; Carolyn Frey; Coach Greg Ray; Curt Menard; David D.
   Cheney; David Merrill in ToK; Dawn Brettrager; Dawn Brettrager; Dawn Spain; Diane
   Munson; Francis Nelson; Georgia Tompkins; Georgia Tompkins; Helga Larson; Jack
   Randal; Jennifer Wedge; June Bryant; Kelli Hanson; Kim & Brent Taylor; Kim Rampmeyer;
   Larry Sandor; Lees a-leesapayne a.hotmail.com; Lisa Sanders; Lonesa Seal (a^ work;
   Lucille. McSorley(o),matsukl2.us; LynneSKlosterman[c_aol.com; Margo; Mason Smith;
   McConkey, Pam; Melinda Kolivosky; Rep Carl Gatto(Qlegis.state.ak.us; Richard Hutchins;
   Robert Scheer; Rudder Hulce; Sarah Brettrager; STEPHEN WALKER; The Palmer Scotts;
   Tim Cueva; Walker Earle & Marie; Barbara Gerard; Ben Eveland; beth; Bob & Pam Drake;
   Bob & Sandi Woolsey; Carol Diane Smith; Cassidy Scheer; Cheri Ulrich; Cheryl Gaston;
   Deborah Fischer; Ellen Leonard; getfit(cDcarlasbodytransformations.com; Governor Sarah
   Palin (GOV sponsored); Haider, Ruth Ann; Jamie mayo; Jim and Linda; Joan Klapperich;
   Ken Klunder; Mark and Roberta Niver; Mark Wilber; Michael Janecek;
   mimimcgee(@comcast.net; Nancy Zalewski; Polly-Beth Odom; Ray DePriest; Robert Frost;
   Ron Bergey; Salmon, David D (HSS); Sen. Lyda Green; sgolf2 _earthlink.net; Sonia
   Huffman; Stacie Stigar; Stephen E. Walker; The Parkers; The Ziters; Thomas Berg; Tim; Tim
   Underhill; Tom Leigh; Zella Scheer; Apex mtaonline.net
   Subject: Fw: Forward this e-mail to announce the CaringBridge.org website for updates on
   Joel Stefanski

   Hi Everyone! Some of you are already aware that Joel was in a terrible accident last
   Saturday, August 2nd, 2008 at the Alaska State Fairgrounds in Palmer, Alaska. Joel
   had volunteered to help replace the climbing poles that had been in the ground for
   about the last 20 years. New poles were in the ground and he was shortening the
   old original poles leaving 21 feet above the ground for another purpose. As the top
   of the first pole was cut and being guided off the base of the pole still in the ground,
   the base and fell with Joel roped to it. Some how with God's Grace Joel fell clear of
   both poles but took the full impact of the fall on his left side. Amazingly, "Superman"
   is still here. Joel's physical fitness was definitely in his favor. He has a very severe
   fractured left hip. The hip socket blasted apart and hip bone driven into his left
   pelvis. There are other internal injuries and is now stable. He was medivac'd to
   Harborview Regional Hospital in Seattle on Monday.

   Tentatively surgery on his hip is scheduled for tomorrow, Thursday, August 7, 2008.
   The surgery on his hip will be a major surgery. With no complications he may be in
   the hospital about 2 weeks.... and no weight bearing on his left side (best case) for a
   minimum of 6 weeks. We may need to get creative to get back to Alaska. They put
   chest tubes in to eliminate all of the fluid that had accumulated in the chest wall from
   the impact of the fall. After you've had chest tubes, you are not allowed to fly for 4
   weeks! Hey, we've never been on a cruise to Alaska!

   Emails can also be sent from the www.harborview.com website. There is a place on
   the right side of the page "Email a Patient" that you can click on. Right now Joel's
   Room # is 937. I anticipate that changing once he is stable after surgery.

   See below. My apologies that the site will be a bit unorganized.....hmm wonder

                                                                                 ROSTON 02813
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
   why? I will try to update more clearly with better details as this long journey
   continues.

   Thank you all so much for your thoughts and prayers. This is going to be a long
   recovery. Especially long for someone who has never been one to sit still for long, if
   at all. Once we get back to Alaska I'm sure Joel will need a few distractions besides
   me. So keep that in mind for things to do in your spare time...

   Mindy and Joel

   ps: feel free to forward this email to anyone I may not have on our email list.

   -------Original Message-------

   From : cbadmin a)caringbridge.org
   Date: 08/06/08 11:39:50
                 q.net
   To: akgolfer(^ci
   Subject: Forward this e-mail to announce your new CaringBridge site


   Dear Friends and Family,

   I created a CaringBridge site to keep you up to date on Joel Stefanski . CaringBridge is
   a nonprofit organization that helps friends and families stay connected.

   You can visit Joel's CaringBridge site at http://www.caringbridge.org/visit/ioelstefanski.

   If your e- mail program does not allow you to click on the above link, just copy and paste
   the address into your web browser's address (or URL) location.

   Please visit our CaringBridge site anytime. You can use the site to check in on Joel, read
   the journal entries and send us messages by signing our guestbook. When you register
   with CaringBridge and sign our guestbook, you will automatically receive e-mail
   notifications each time our journal is updated. Or, you can subscribe to receive these
   notifications even before you sign the guestbook. (Of course, you can unsubscribe from
   these e-mail updates at any time.)

   Please print and save this e-mail for future reference.

   CaringBridge is a free, nonprofit web service that connects family and friends to share
   information, love and support during a health care crisis, treatment and recovery.

   http:// www.caringbridge.org




                                                                                     ROSTON 02814
  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
