Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :     moses kritz [MKritz@ unicom-alaska.com]
                Sent:      Friday, May 16, 200811:48 AM
                To:        andora@nushtel.net; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Pamell; Sean R (GOV); Notti; Emil R
                           (CED); Haagenson ; Steven H (AIDEA); Harper; Michael C (AIDEA); Julie Kitka; RuralCap; Goto; Ev;
                           Kullah ; Mayor Denise Michels; Ralph Andersen; Hoffman ; Lyman F (LAA); Edgmon ; Bryce E (LAA);
                           Harris; John (LAA); Green; Lyda N (LAA); KTUU; editor@ newsminer.com; Juneau Empire;
                           fgerjevic@adn .com; Olson; Donny (LAA); Kookesh; Albert (LAA); Tim Towarek
               Subject: Re: Energy Relief
               Thank you Gov.Palin for your help, Last few years it has been hard and a trying times in the rural
               communities and to see the young families cut off from electical power in the start of the winter and into
               the early winter was very hard for me,to see my friends and community members wondering how they go
               out on the subsistence hunt and gathering because of high prices of fuel and people make choices to pay
               bills or feed the family, most often the choice is to feed the family.
               The price of gas and fuel are at the all time high in Togiak at the last delivery and fishing does not cut it
               anymore, most of the time we are fishing for expences and a very little income to pay bills and State of
               Alaska wondering why people with the loans are'nt paying them.
               Agian Thank You Governor Palin also,Thank You Goes out to Nels Anderson

               Moses Kritz-Togiak

                - Original Message --
                From: Nels and Dorothy
                To: Governor Palin ; Lt. Governor Pamell ; Commissioner Emil Notti ; Steve Haangenson ; Mike
                Harper ; Julie Kitka ; RuralCao ; Goto ; Iv ; Kullah ; Moses ; Mayor Denise Michels; Ralph Andersen ;
                Sen. Lyman Hoffman ; Rep. Bryce Edgmon ; Speaker John Harris ; President Lyda Green ; KTUU ;
                Editor-News Miner ; Juneau Empire ; Editors/Frank Gerievic ; Senator Donny Olson ; Sen. Albert
                 ookesh ; Tim Towarek ; Alex ; Willie Kasavulie ; Willie Keppel ; Joel Malus ; Curyuna ; Dillingham
                Chamber of Commerce
                Sent: Friday, May 16 , 2008 9:40 AM
                Subject : Energy Relief

                May 16, 2008

                Governor Sarah Patin
                State of Alaska
                Juneau, Alaska 99811


                Re: Immediate Energy Relief


                Dear Governor Patin:

                I posted this in my comments on the Fairbanks Daily News Miner's story
                on your immediate energy relief announcement:


                         Those of our villages who pay over 60 cents a khw and over $6 a gallon for gasoline,
                         heating oil, and diesel, are very happy with the help Governor Patin proposes. It is clear
                         that she knows that no program ever will make all people happy but this is a great
                         IMMEDIATE step to keep us going until a short-term, median, and long term solution
                         can be found to lower all of our energy costs across Alaska.


              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI_0017891
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


                      We do need an Alaska State Energy Policy and Plan and I believe the governor is working on
                      that.
                      We need to be working together on this . We in the villages are a part of the rest of Alaska as
                      citizens under the Alaska State Constitution. Our Constitution mandates that our resources be
                      developed for the maximum benefit for ALL Alaskans.
                      I am confident that at some point in the very near future we will have an energy policy that is
                      fair and equitable to all, an economic policy that will add value to our non-renewable and
                      renewable natural resources before we ship them out, and an Alaska attitude and feeling among
                      all of us, that no matter where we live, we will be given equal treatment that we all want for
                      everyone in Alaska.
                      I applaud Governor Palin for seeing our current energy crisis situation and is doing something
                      about it NOW! I am thankful.


                I want to thank you for your recognition of our energy crisis across the state
                and your very positive response to our very real needs.

                Our gasoline in Dillingham is now $5.70 a gallon and heating oil is $5.74 a gallon.
                Freight costs are already high and food costs are increasing to keep up with the
                rising cost of freight, heating fuel and electricity.

                All of these issues compound our energy crisis and does call for immediate attention
                to forestall a further downward economic spiral that may become irreversible without very
                robust state intervention.

                Again, thank you for your energy relief proposal.

                My best personal regards,

                Nels Anderson, Jr.
                Box 234
                Dillingham, Alaska 99576
                907-842-2366
                andoraCanushtel.net




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0017892
