  Unknown

   From :     McAllister, William D (GOV) [bill.mcallister@alaska.gov]
   Sent:      Thursday, August 14, 2008 7:58 PM
   To:        'jmoore@ktuu.com'; 'smacdonald@ktuu.com'
   Cc:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'mross@ktuu.com'; 'mdowney@ktuu.com'; 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
   Subject : Re: hi, and a concern
  Jason:

  As I tried to make clear, we had every intention of accommodating you, but a necessary meeting was
  delayed due to bad weather in Juneau. And we did follow through on what we said we would do. But in
  the meantime at least one staffer did not return to her office when she saw you camped out for so long in
  the lobby.

  You can shoot the messenger, but Channel 2 coverage of this issue has been troubling, as I learned upon
  my return. As for me personally, I was very dismayed by your failure to even mention the letter from
  Branchflower at 6 on Tuesday.

  --Bill

  Sent using BlackBerry


  From : Jason Moore
  To: McAllister, William D (GOV); smacdonald@ktuu.com
  Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); mross@ktuu.com ; mdowney@ktuu.com ; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Sent : Thu Aug 14 19:38:29 2008
  Subject : RE: hi, and a concern



  Your note to Steve surprises me on several points.

  Since when does a reporter's appearance in a public reception area represent disrespect. I was sitting on
  the couch waiting for you or Sharon to come out from your office. That is hardly staking out an office in
  hopes of ambushing someone. In addition, I had called Sharon numerous times during the day hoping to
  hear from someone in the administration for our story. I assume you would want that point of view
  included in our story. She had told me she was trying to set up the Attorney General. At 3:00, having not
  heard back, I decided to stop by the office because I was already downtown and time was running short
  for us to gather the interview if it was to be included in the story.

  As for your other points - I have always tried to cover the Governor accurately and fairly. I believe our
  stories have been accurate and fair regarding Monegan, Wooten, and Kopp. We've always had a good
  relationship with the Administration, and though I realize this is a difficult time, I hope that relationship will
  continue. I fail to understand why you seem intent on starting out your tenure with the Administration with
  hostility.

  Jason

            -----Original Message-----
            From : McAllister, William D (GOV) [mailto:bill.mcallister@alaska.gov]
            Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 12:23 PM
            To: smacdonald@ktuu.com
            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject : hi, and a concern



                                                                                                       ROSTON 02815
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
         Steve:

        Can't seem to reach you on the phone. Did you get my message a few days ago? JT's voice mail greeting
        was still on there.

        I understand you left a message for Sharon yesterday. You can call me - 269-7446. I will be handling
        Channel 2 inquiries for the most part.

        However, I will pass on a concern from Sharon based on some things that have happened over the past
        few weeks, including the time I was out of the country.

        There has been a pattern lately of KTUU crews just showing up here and staking out the office , hoping to
        ambush someone.

        I've covered seven governors between here and Minnesota, and this is by far the most open
        administration I've ever seen. As a reporter, I never before had the easy access I had with this governor
        and her staff. I never needed to do a stakeout to try to get a sound bite or an awkward camera shot.

        Apparently, Mike Ross has been the main offender in this regard. However, Jason did it on Tuesday,
        concerning reaction to the "witness tampering" nonsense out of Halcro's blog. Jason was told that we
        would arrange something with the attorney general, and apparently he just got impatient and showed up,
        without notice.

        The situation was this: We were waiting for a deputy in Talis Colberg's office to make it in from Juneau on
        a flight that was delayed by hours due to fog. This was the guy, Mike Barnhill, who personally had
        conducted half of the interviews in the Department of Law inquiry, and who had the notes from those
        interviews. We needed time to review the situation with Colberg and Mike Nizich before having Colberg
        make a statement. Once that was done, the attorney general was available.

        But in the meantime, Jason and Kyle were standing conspicuously in the reception area with a camera,
        which is not exactly conducive to comfortable office operations.

        It was also disappointing when Jason barely made any reference to Branchflower's letter to Nizich asking
        exactly for the kind of information being sought in the Department of Law inquiry. There was a passing
        reference in the tag at 5, and nothing at all at 6. It certainly seems relevant if the investigator is asking for
        the same kind of inquiry that some are calling witness tampering. Jason seems to think Branchflower's
        request could have been accommodated immediately without any leg work, without talking to anyone, but
        that's just ridiculous.

        Anyway, this press office will continue to strive to, be accommodating to Channel 2. But it will be a great
        improvement if some respect can be shown for the civil servants who work here , even if it's too much to
        ask that information we provide to you gets some reasonable treatment in the newscasts.

        Thanks,

        Bill

        Cc: Sharon Leighow




                                                                                                     ROSTON 02816

  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
