Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :   Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored) [doa.commissioner@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Monday, May 19, 2008 8:50 AM
              To:      Collins; Donna S (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Fenumiai; Gail M (GOV);
                       Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV);
                       Crome; Cora J (GOV); Bavard; Mary Lou (GOV); Mills; Andy J (GOV); Buck; Hannah K (GOV); Wilson;
                       Lauri L (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Rowland ; Mindy B (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Essary;
                       Karen S (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Clark; Kami S (GOV); Bailey; Frank T (GOV); Kim; Anna C
                       (GOV); Yocom; Lauren J (GOV); Palin; Todd (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:      Dubey; Anand (DOA); Jones; Christopher M (DOA); Moyer; Janet A (DOA); Petro; Rachael A (DOA);
                       Beecher, Carol L (DOA)
              Subject: Upcoming Power Outage at Juneau Datacenter - June 1
              Governor's Office Staff:

              We will have a major power outage at the Juneau Datacenter on June 1
              between 2 a.m. and 2 p.m. I have spoken with the Acting Chief of Staff for
              Governor Palin, the Deputy Chief of Staff for Lt. Governor Parnell, the Director
              of the Division of Elections and the Director of the Office of Management and
              Budget to identify critical Juneau email accounts that must be moved to the
              Anchorage server in the event these accounts are needed during that
              timeframe.

              Your email account has been identified as one that needs to be available during
              this power outage. This outage affects most services housed in or routed
              through the Juneau Datacenter such as email boxes in Juneau and the
              Juneau Wide Area Network (WAN). Your mailbox will be moved to Anchorage
              prior to June 1st and moved back to Juneau after the power has been
              restored.

              Chris Jones from the Department of Administration, Enterprise Technology
              Services (ETS) will be coordinating this move with you. He will be contacting
              you the week of May 19th to arrange a convenient time to move your mailbox.
              The mailboxes will be moved as close to June 1st as possible as a slight
              performance degradation can occur when your mailbox is in a different location
              than you are. Your mailbox will be unavailable during the move which will
              occur outside of normal business hours and can take between 30 minutes and
              2-3 hours depending on the size of your mailbox. Please note that ETS is
              coordinating this effort with the Office of the Governor's IT staff.

             You should also know that during the outage on June 1st between 2am and
             2pm,
                     · Email on Blackberries and other mobile devices will NOT work
                         anywhere in the state.
                           ·   Web Mail will NOT work in Southeast and will only work outside of
                               Southeast in State facilities that are connected to the State
                               network.
                           ·   Mail using Outlook will ONLY work if your mailbox is not housed
                               in Juneau.



              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0017936
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2




             Please feel free to contact Chris Jones at 907-269-6705 or chris jonesgalaska.gov If
             you have any questions or concerns or would prefer to have your staff work with
             Chris for you. Thank you in advance for your cooperation and we apologize for the
             inconvenience this will cause.

              Annette Kreitzer
              Commissioner
              Department of Administration




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                    PRA GSP0I_0017937
