Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :   PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall @yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Monday , May 19 , 2008 7:41 AM
              To:      Haagenson ; Steven H (AIDEA); Harper, Michael C (AIDEA)
              Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Subject: some talking points.. bogus press conference rumor-multi points-ELECTRICITY & WATER
              Date: 5-19-08 Monday
              From: Paul D. Kendall
              To: S.Haagenson & AIDEA / AEA board - gov/Att Gen


             Mr. Haagenson,
             Please accept this e-mail an d attachment for your considerations..
             All of my comments should be considered as publicly shared and refered to dialog.
             I usually cc most stuff to legislature, gov., att gen, and media;;;;;;
             I would like to wait 72 hours on sending this to legislature and Media..

             Boy, you should see some of the RENWABLE stories i am seeing --surely, you gotta be seeeing
             the same stuff..!!
             .we may actually be breaching a new energy transition !!! Now, that statement has to be
             SUSPECT ! (humor)
             And i need to ask for an appointment with you prior to next board meeting as per email from
             brenda-!?? i will be incomming on the Brenda email--i wanted to cover our Gov Energy Card
             first..

             Sincerely and Respectfully,
             Paul D. Kendall
             new cell 884-2424
             landline msg 222-7882

                                                                orinnn

             Ref: The continuing ongoing and nearly, daily unfolding of events and
             disclosures surrounding our families "Life Essential Energy Needs" ENERGIES like price
             volatility-instability-accountability, ownership, control, management, impacts, revelations,
             decisions, importance, insights, events, and overall increasing public awareness and concerns
             demands of us, that, we,
             as the general citizens whos God given rights of ownership in common benefit,
              precede all less than best beneficial contracts, and, are the rightfull owners, stewards, and
             guardians of all resources; including, but not limited to our "Life Essential Energy Needs"---
            ENERGIES we all need in order to sustain our lives, and a tranquil and orderly and quality of
            life lifestyled society; hereby, demand, compell, order, and so direct with clarity of intent and
            mission our leaders; all leaders to intervene and bring about public debate and dialog for the
            resolution and determination so as to bring about clean and reasonable energy reliability, access,
            and viability with all due haste...
                 We find this directive necessary in light of the Most recent event: Global Oil Companies
            publicly and officialy notify Alaskans the resources of the state are thiers until they say or agree
            that their not..The state drafted a contract in the Global Oil Companies favor....(these are my
            interpretations ! pdk)


             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0017941
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2




              Gentlemen, and ladies-
                  The reason we are in this "growing and becoming more unpredictable " energy delima predicament is
              because we have not been attending to and are not now attending to our "Life Essential Energy Needs"
              design and consruction.
                The public servants, the corporations, you guys, and us the general citizenry have failed . And, them,
              you, and us have failed miserably and undeniably.

              It is time to end this dark sided and never ending morass of energy instability and uncertainty for our
              homes and loved ones.

              Thank You,

              Paul D . Kendall

              msg 907-222-7882
              current cell 306-3591


              mike-- constuctive review,,, i actually like kerry, but

              his public support and commitment to homosexual marriage and illegal aliens acceptance precedes his
              person....

              I believe Dan and Rick are coordinating thier talk show messages , or rick is feeding off Dan in the PM
              program material.

              It seems as if Kerry is trying to compact the moment by accelerated verbal moments or some form of big
              city speed talk .... Or perhaps it just isnt my style of dialog....too accelerated -things accelerated are
              considered subliminaly by us to be dangerous or pesty-
              mosquito sounds, strike modes, insect like indications...
              speaking at twice the pace of rick ridell

             Rick has a deeper voice
             Kerrys voice reflects no deep conviction to certain principles

             kerry needs to track their message and take issue with it..
             Let dan and Rick

             This is not about Republican or Democrat -- their good people who are members of those paradigmns of
             parties...




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0017942
