Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                                i
                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
              Sent:        Monday, May 19, 2008 7:32 AM
              To:          Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: FW: triathlon




              From: wleseman [mailto :wleseman@acsalaska.net]
              Sent: Sunday, May 18, 2008 9:33 PM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: triathlon

              It was a pleasure meeting you and your family today. We're all glad you got to meet Courtney - we've
              been so proud of all the things she can do. Trig will bring lots of challenges into your life, but they will be
              far outweighed by the amount of love that he brings into your lives. Whenever we are at an event like
              today, I am always amazed how many people will smile at Courtney, tell her that she's an inspiration and
              cheer her on. I think that children with special needs often bring out the best in us.

              Trig is blessed to have a loving family to support him. Most of Courtney's outgoing buddies have brothers
              and sisters - I think it helps them socially and developmentally.

              I'm attaching the two pictures we took today . It will be fun to submit one to the newsletter.

              This feels odd to say to the Governor, but if you even need or want to chat mom to mom - don't hesitate
              to call. You certainly have lots on your plate (and thank you very much for all you've done for education),
              but you're still a mom and that's one of the coolest things about you.

              Sincerely,

              Wendy Leseman

              345-1588




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0017946
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             <html                                                                                         Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Monday, May 19, 2008 10:32 AM
             To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject : FW: Palin and Stevens to highlight 21st Annual Export Alaska Luncheon



             From : World Trade Center Alaska [mailto:info@wtcak.org]
             Sent: Monday, May 19, 2008 9:31 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Palin and Stevens to highlight 21st Annual Export Alaska Luncheon




                                                Reserve Your Seat Today!

                                 21st Annual Export Alaska Celebration Luncheon

                                   Tuesday, May 27, 2008 - Egan Convention Center

                   Dear WTCAK Members , Community Partners, and Friends of the Center:

                   I hope you have already made your reservation for the upcoming 21st Annual
                   Export Alaska Luncheon . Based on the success of last year's event, we fully
                   anticipate that this year's luncheon will be a sold-out event. If you haven't
                   contacted us yet, please do so today to ensure your participation. Consider
                   sponsoring a table and invite your customers and staff to join you. Whether
                   you sponsor a table, or just need a few seats, submit your reservation today
                   while you are thinking about it. We look forward to hearing from you!

                   Best Regards,

                   Greg Wolf
                   Executive Director




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017947
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             <html                                                                                                      Page 2 of 3




                 Conducted by the Export Council of Alaska and World Trade Center Alaska,
                 this annual gathering is the major international trade event of the year. Join us in celebrating the
                 success of Alaskans that have excelled in various aspects of international business and relations.




                  Governor Sarah Palin (confirmed), will
                  use the occasion to announce winners of the         United States Senator Ted
                  newly launched Governor 's North Star               Stevens (confirmed) will be the
                  Awards for International                            keynote speaker. As the ranking
                                                                      Minority Member of the Senate
                  Excellence. Also, the Export Council will
                  award scholarships to student achievers             Commerce Committee , his remarks will
                                                                      focus on Alaska's global trade picture, a
                  pursuing a career in the international arena.       subject with which he is keenly familiar.


                 You can count on the luncheon to be both an enjoyable and memorable event.
                 Mark your calendar and make your reservation today, while you are thinking
                 about it.

                 You can reserve a table (8 seats) for $500. A reserved table enables you to invite
                 colleagues and customers and be assured of sitting together regardless of time of arrival at the
                 event. Reserved table also receives preferred placement to ensure a good view of the podium.

                 Or, you can purchase individual seats for $40 each . We anticipate a sold-out
                 event and encourage you to make your reservation today. A reservation form is
                 attached (please click here to download the form) for your convenience. Major
                 credit cards and cheques are accepted.

                 Your company can support this event and the student scholarships by being a
                 sponsor of this luncheon. Sponsors enjoy special benefits and recognition. A
                 sponsor form is attached (please click here to download the sponsor form) for
                 your convenience.

                                                Date: Tuesday, May 27, 2008




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0017948
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             <html                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3



                                                        Time: 12 Noon -1:30 p.m.

                                                  Venue : Egan Convention Center

                         For more information please contact us at 907 -278-7233 or by e-mail:
                                                  info .wtcak.org


                                                "Serving Alaska 's Business Community Since 1987"




                     Forward email

                                                                                                      Email Marketing by
                     ® SafeUnsubscnbe®
                     This email was sent to governor@gov.state.ak.us, by lnfo(^bwtcak.ora
                     Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe" I Privacy Policy.




                     World Trade Center Alaska 1431 W 7th Avenue, Suite 108 I Anchorage I AK 199501




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0017949
