Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Tuesday, May 20, 2008 2:13 PM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 32



              From: iserj,ublications-bounces@lists.uaa.alaska.edu [mailto:iser..publicatlons-
              bounces@lists.uaa.alaska. edu] On Behalf Of ISER Research Announcements
              Sent: Monday, May 19, 2008 3:27 PM
              To: ISER-Publications@lists.uaa.alaska.edu
              Subject: [Research Matters] ISER Research Matters No. 32

              ISER Research Matters is our effort to quickly let Alaskans know about research findings from the
              Institute of Social and Economic Research (ISER), at the University of Alaska Anchorage. Well post
              these periodically on our Web site and also distribute them by e-mail. If you'd like to be removed from our
              e-mail list, send us a message at ResearchMattersCatuaa.alaska.edu

              ISER Research Matters No. 32 Attracting and Keeping Students at the University of Alaska
              May 19, 2008

              Two new ISER research summaries report on progress the University of Alaska is making in attracting
              and keeping students-and providing them with a good, affordable education. Theodore L. Kassier and
              Alexandra Hill looked at what UA has done toward meeting a number of goals in the past decade, and
              Diane Hirshberg and Diane Erickson interviewed Alaska Native alumni of UAA to find out what UAA could
              do to improve Alaska Native graduation rates. So how is UA doing? The researchers found that its a
              mixed bag of successes and continuing challenges.

                   UA is attracting a growing share of Alaska's college-bound freshmen, up from 42% in 1996 to 63%
                     in 2006. But only about a third of Alaska's high-school students attend college at all , and only 20%
                     attend college in-state.
                   Alaska has among the lowest high-school and college graduation rates in the country. Only 27% of
                     all full-time UA students working toward bachelor' s degrees get those degrees within six years,
                     compared with 56% nationwide. The college- graduation rate is especially low among Alaska Native
                     students; only about 10% get bachelor' s degrees within six years.
                   Alaska Native graduates of the Anchorage campus cite a number of personal reasons for the low
                     graduation rate-including lack of role models, difficulty in paying for college, and feelings of
                     dislocation.

              But they also report that staff and faculty provided little help in navigating unfamiliar admission and
              enrollment requirements and didn't provide enough information about the course-level structure,
              prerequisites, and degree requirements.

                  But the Alaska Native graduates also cited several things that helped them succeed, while so
                    many others didn't Those include participating in many activities, both in high school and college;
                    having support of family, teachers and employers, and-most important-never giving up: being
                    determined to succeed, despite any barriers.
                  A UA program that awards four-year scholarships to students who were in the top 10% of their
                    high-school classes is drawing about 40% of those top students. Still, many of the incoming
                    freshmen at UA can't read, write, or do math at college level, and the school offers thousands of
                    hours of remedial courses.
                  Tuition for four-year programs at UA has gone up 56% since 2000. But UA is still a relative bargain
                    among four-year programs at public universities, because tuition across the country has gone up



              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP0I_0017989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                    74% since 2000.
                    Very high costs to operate UA's remote community campuses are hampering efforts to offer more
                    programs and services for rural Alaskans. But UA has doubled the number of distance-education courses it
                    offers since 1997.



              Copies of The University of Alaska: How Is It Doing? and Alaska Native Graduates of UAA: What Can They Tell
              Us? are available online at ISER's Web site, http://www. iser.uaa . aaska .edu/Home/researchmatters.htm, and
              printed copies are also available from ISER in Anchorage (907-786-7710)




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0017990
