Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Tuesday, May 20 , 2008 2:30 PM
              To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Blessings



              From: keso@gci.net [mailto:keso@gci.net]
              Sent: Tuesday, May 20, 2008 8:21 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Blessings

              Dearest Sarah,

              God Bless you and thank you for doing your job so well. Thank you for being such a wonderful example
              of true motherhood . I know it is in His strength that you dwell . We continue to lift you , your family and
              your administration up in prayer . Love In Christ, Helene


              Just'PUSH'

               A man was sleeping one night in his cabin when suddenly his room
              filled with light, and God appeared . The Lord told the man he had work
              for him to do, and showed him a large rock in front of his cabin. The
              Lord explained that the man was to Push against the rock with all his
              might

              So, this the man did, day after day. For many years he toiled from
              sunup to sundown , his shoulders set squarely against the cold, massive
              surface of the unmoving rock, pushing with all his might! Each night
              the man returned to his cabin sore and worn out, Feeling that his
              whole day had been spent in vain.

             Since the man was showing discouragement, the Adversary (Satan)
             decided to enter the picture by placing thoughts into the weary mind:
             (He will do it every time)! You have been pushing against that rock
             for a long time and it hasn 't moved.' Thus, he gave the man the
             impression that the task was impossible and that he was a failure.
             These thoughts discouraged and disheartened the man. Satan said, 'Why
             kill yourself over this? Just put in your time , giving just the
             minimum effort; and that will be good enough.'

             That's what the weary man planned to do, but decided to make it a
             matter of Prayer and to take his troubled thoughts to The Lord.
             'Lord ,' he said , I have labored long and hard in Your Service,
             putting all my strength to do that which you have asked . Yet, after
             all this time, I have not even budged that rock by half a millimeter.
             What is wrong? Why am I failing?'

             The Lord responded compassionately , 'My friend , when I asked you to
             serve Me and you accepted , I told you that your task was to push
             against the rock with all of your strength , which you have done. Never
             once did I mention to you that I expected you to move it. Your task
             was to push . And now you come to Me with your strength spent, thinking
             that you have failed . But, is that really so? Look at yourself. Your



              10/15/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0017993
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


             arms are strong and muscled , your back shiny and brown ; your hands are
             calloused from constant pressure , your legs have become massive and
             hard . Through opposition you have grown much, and your abilities now
             surpass that which you used to have . True, you haven't moved the rock
             But your calling was to be Obedient and to push and to exercise your
             Faith and trust in My Wisdom . That you have done. Now I, my friend,
             will move the rock.'

              At times, when we hear a word from God, we tend to use our own
              intellect to decipher what He Wants , when actually what God wants is
              just simple obedience and faith in Him . By all means , exercise the
              Faith that moves mountains , but know that it is still God Who moves
              The Mountains.

              When everything seems to go
              wrong.................................... Just P.U.S.H.
              When the job gets you
              down................................................. Just P.U.S.H.
              When people don 't do as you think they should .................... Just P.U.S.H.
              When your money is'gone ' and the bills are due ................ Just P . U.S.H.
              When people just don't understand you ...........................Just P . U.S.H.

              P = Pray
              U = Until
              S = Something
              H = Happens

              May God Bless You.




              Make every e-mail and IM count. Join the I'm Initiative from Microsoft.




              10/15/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0017994
