Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

          From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                   Tuesday, May 20, 2008 8:15 AM
          To:                     Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC)
          Cc:                     Nizich ; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                Re: a couple of items


         Joe- Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         PriVile ed or Personal Material Redacted      (Politics are so obviously being played here
         with Portia's isappointe over not b eing named Commish... her influence on her boss,
         Lyda, is strong in the DOC arena - Lyda's influence on Hollis could be a factor here then
         also.)



          Great input from Rand : Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material




         You're right- Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Per


         The truth wins out Joe. I know you know that. Hang in there, and thank you.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 20 May 2008 07:49:14

         To:"Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)" <joseph.schmidt@alaska.gov>

         Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

         Subject: RE: a couple of items




         Joe:




         Rep. Ramras.



        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018015
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          Former Commissioner Antrim



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          Attendance at the Legislative Hearing



         I would recommend Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Personal




         New Issues



         On being ambushed by the union or Antrim with new issues , I would suggest a response that:
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Randy




          From: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)

         Sent: Mon 5/19/2008 7:10 PM

         To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0018016
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: a couple of items




         Hi R,




         An interesting item for the French meeting next week. Hollis's office called Dwayne and
         said an all day event on the 27th will take place, starting at 0900 at the Complex, then
         off to the LIO. the interesting peice is that Marc Antrim will be there. the wisdom of
         Antrim is not threatning, but using Antrim in thier investigation is not cool. Likely the
         union asked to have him there, and Hollis really can't say no and the staffer telling
         Dwayne may have just been a "heads-up". Anyhow, we'll have to talk tomorow and figure out
         what eramiters we place on the meeting if any. At this point I think we want to
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                          Rep. Ramras is
         wa ing t roug Fairbanks tomorow, so we move our managers meet ing s Sam and Bryan could
         attend the walk through. Today we heard that Ramras wants another walk through without us,
         just the line staff so he'll do that later in the week. Ramras will also be at the
         Anchorage walk through on the 27th. Discipline, MRSA, Staffing and crowding are non
         issues. Anything new should not be sprung on us in a public meeting, what do you think?



         thanx



         Joe




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0018017
