Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Tuesday, May 20, 2008 11:19 AM
          To:                      Schmidt; Joseph D (DOC); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
          Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: a couple of items


          Very good! Thanks Joe.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)" <joseph. schmidt@alaska.gov>



          Date: Tue, 20 May 2008 11:19:43

          To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)"
          <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>

          Cc:"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

          Subject: RE: a couple of items




          OK Governor,




          We're planning on sending the Director and Deputy Director to the walk through for
          questions, but not to influence any staff being questioned. Then at the meeting we'll have
          plenty of people to answer anything, and we will stay to the end. We'll watch for new
          "bombs" and Admin will be there to fend them off if needed. This feels heavy in the
          politics and light in the substance. It will have to show through to the public if it
          hasn't already. Tomorrow we have a media event at Palmer where we start to pour concrete
          for the 20 man units that the prisoner apprentices are building. Not sure how interested
          the media will be but we invited them.



          Thank you for your support Governor



          Joe



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Tuesday, May 20, 2008 8:15 AM

          To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)

                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0018001
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Subject: Re: a couple of items



          Joe- Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted     (Politics are so obviously being played here
          with Portia's isappointe over not teeing named Commish... her influence on her boss,
          Lyda, is strong in the DOC arena - Lyda's influence on Hollis could be a factor here then
          also.)



          Great input from Randy:          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material



          You're right- Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Person


          The truth wins out Joe. I know you know that. Hang in there, and thank you.

          Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



          Date: Tue, 20 May 2008 07:49:14

          To:"Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)" <joseph.schmidt@alaska.gov>

          Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

          Subject: RE: a couple of items




          Joe:




          Rep. Ramras.



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                   2



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0018002
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Former Commissioner Antrim


        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Attendance at the Legislative Hearing




         I would recommend Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal




          New Issues



         On being ambushed by the union or Antrim with new issues,         I would suggest a response that:
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Randy




         ----------------

           From: Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC)

         Sent: Mon 5/19/2008 7:10 PM

         To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

         Subject: a couple of items




                                                           3




                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1_0018003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Hi R,



         An interesting item for the French meeting next week . Hollis's office called Dwayne and
         said an all day event on the 27th will take place, starting at 0900 at the Complex, then
         off to the LIO. the interesting peice is that Marc Antrim will be there. the wisdom of
         Antrim is not threatning, but using Antrim in thier investigation is not cool. Likely the
         union asked to have him there, and Hollis really can't say no and the staffer telling
         Dwayne may have just been a "heads-up". Anyhow, we'll have to talk tomorow and figure out
         What peramiters we place on the meeting if any. At this point I think we want to
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                 Rep. Ramras is
         walking through Fairbanks tomorow, so we move d our managers meeting so Sam and Bryan could
         attend the walk through. Today we heard that Ramras wants another walk through without us,
         just the line staff so he'll do that later in the week. Ramras will also be at the
         Anchorage walk through on the 27th. Discipline, MRSA, Staffing and crowding are non
         issues. Anything new should not be sprung on us in a public meeting, what do you think?



         thanx



         Joe




                                                     4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018004
