Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:     PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
               Sent:     Tuesday, May 20, 2008 2:02 AM
               To:       Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
               Cc:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
               Subject: 5-20-08 RUMORS attached comments
               5-20-08 tuesday am early
               To: Gov. ATTN GEn, Energy Dir

               PLEASE ACCEPT THE ATTACHED COMMENTS


               not just these --- but the attachment ! !




               Date: 4-29-08
               From: Paul D. Kendall
               To:
               Ref: The continuing ongoing and nearly, daily unfolding of events and
               disclosures surrounding our families "Life Essential Energy Needs" ENERGIES like price
               volatility-instability-accountability, ownership, control, management, impacts, revelations,
               decisions, importance, insights, events, and overall increasing public awareness and concerns
               demands of us, that, we,
               as the general citizens whos God given rights of ownership in common benefit,
                precede all less than best beneficial contracts, and, are the rightfull owners, stewards, and
               guardians of all resources; including, but not limited to our "Life Essential Energy Needs"---
               ENERGIES we all need in order to sustain our lives, and a tranquil and orderly and quality of
               life lifestyled society; hereby, demand, compel!, order, and so direct with clarity of intent and
               mission our leaders; all leaders to intervene and bring about public debate and dialog for the
               resolution and determination so as to bring about clean and reasonable energy reliability, access,
               and viability with all due haste...
                    We find this directive necessary in light of the Most recent event: Global Oil Companies
               publicly and officialy notify Alaskans the resources of the state are thiers until they say or agree
               that their not-The state drafted a contract in the Global Oil Companies favor....(these are my
               interpretations ! pdk)


               Gentlemen, and ladies-
                   The reason we are in this "growing and becoming more unpredictable" energy delima
               predicament is because we have not been attending to and are not now attending to our "Life
               Essential Energy Needs" design and consruction.
                  The public servants, the corporations, you guys, and us the general citizenry have failed. And,
               them, you, and us have failed miserably and undeniably.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0018043
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


               It is time to end this dark sided and never ending morass of energy instability and uncertainty for our
               homes and loved ones.

               Thank You,

               Paul D. Kendall

               msg 907-222-7882
               current cell 306-3591



               This is not about Republican or Democrat -- their good people who are members of those paradigmns of
               parties...




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0018044
