Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.palin@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, May 21 , 2008 6:36 PM
           To:                      Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Frank Bailey; Rehfeld ; Karen J (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Ivy
                                    personal; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
           Subject:                 Fw: 2009 Capital Budget




           -----Original Message-----

            From: "John MacKinnon" <John@agcak.org>



            Date: Wed, 21 May 2008 17:44:50

           To:<gov.palin@yahoo.com>

            Subject: 2009 Capital Budget




            Governor,




           As you finalize your vetoes of the 2009 Capital budget, I would like to make a pitch for
           those items in the capital budget that are for roads and buildings - those appropriations
           that employ Alaskan and build something tangible.



           As we ramp up to be ready for the construction of the gas line, it is imperative that we
           continue all the efforts across the state in workforce development so that we not only
           replace the workers retiring for the industry every year, but we increase the number of
           Alaskans trained and working in construction.



           Essential to this increase in the workforce is an increase every year in the states
           capital budget so there are projects and jobs available for those entering the
           construction workforce.  More workers = more jobs = more projects = bigger capital budget



           Increasing that number of construction jobs every year in anticipation and readiness is
           the single most effective thing we can do maximize the benefit of gas line construction
           for Alaskans



           In Bullet form:



                     As we put effort into workforce development, we need to have jobs for the
           apprentices entering the workplace

                     Contractors need projects in order to employ the new entries into the workforce.
           Presently employers are limited in the number of apprentices they can hire because of the
                                                        1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           amount of work there is

                     We need to steadily increase the States Capital Budget and the amount of
           construction projects on the street for the next 6-8 years (at least) to provide an
           growing workforce to be ready to jump to the Gas line project in 8-10 years



           Will we overheat the economy?       NO.



           I am not concerned. about overheating the economy. I am concerned. about cooling off the
           workforce as we attempt to expand it. We need a healthy capital budget to be prepared for
           the gas line construction to maximize the benefit for Alaskans.



           Thank you for your consideration.



           ASSOCIATED GENERAL CONTRACTORS

                 OF ALASKA



           John MacKinnon, Executive Director

           8005 Schoon Street

           Anchorage, AK 99518

           Tel: (907) 561-5354 Fax: (907) 562-6118

           Email: john@agcak.org

           URL: http://www.agcak.org




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0018075
