Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From :    haeg@alaska.net
               Sent:     Wednesday, May 21, 2008 12:52 PM
               To:       nicole Carlson@legis.state.ak.us; Crowe; Pamela (GOV); Eckert; Patricia F (GOV); Torkelson; Peter J
                         (GOV); Clary; Rachel J (GOV); Cockrell; Robert A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Peacock; Sara J
                         (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Bishop; Samuel T (GOV); Clark; Scott M (GOV); Parnell; Sean R (GOV);
                         Busch; Sharon K (DOL); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Henderson; Shawn (GOV); James; Shelley A
                         (GOV); Davis; Steven S (GOV); Hildebrand; Steven D (GOV); Cayce; Sunny C (DOA); Davis; Susan M
                         (GOV); Mullen; Suzanne M (GOV); Fradley; Tara D (GOV); Kimlinger, Tom M (GOV); Lopez; Thomas
                         M (GOV); Ibesate; Wen (LAA); Belknap; Will C (GOV)
               Subject: Sunday Outdoor Section - ADN
              I just wanted to thank everyone that showed up at oral arguments. It meant a great deal
              to me to have so many people show up in support. Please read the article that appeared in
              this Sunday's Anchorage Daily News Outdoor section. If you do not have a Sunday paper
              you can read it below. David Haeg 907-262-9249.


              http://www.adn.com/outdoors/craia medred


              Its a complicated , ugly case against guide David Haeg.
              CRAIG MEDRED
              OUTDOORS

              Published: May 17th, 2008 10:14 PM
              Last Modified: May 17th, 2008 11:53 PM

              When pilot and big-game guide David Haeg strayed outside the boundaries of a wolf control area near
              McGrath in 2004 to slaughter some wolves , there is little doubt he thought he was doing the right thing.
              Everyone involved with the wolf- killing program for which the state had permitted Haeg understood the
              objective was killing wolves to increase the survival chances for moose.

              And even if Haeg and gunner Tony Zellers were technically outside the control'area , they were still
              operating within the boundaries of state Game Management Unit 19D , and the state calls these things
              "Game Management Units" for a reason.

             What were Haeg and Zellers doing anyway but helping to manage the game in Unit 19D?

             Unfortunately the state didn 't see it that way. Under fire from animal activists upset about the aerial
             gunning of wolves , the state saw in Haeg a chance to demonstrate that you can't just let wolf-control run
             wild, to spin an old phrase from former Gov. Wally Hickel.

             Still, in fairness to the Alaska state troopers and the state attorneys involved , it is near certain they too
             thought they were doing the right thing when they busted Haeg.

             Everyone agreed Haeg broke the law. He shot nine wolves 20 to 30 miles outside the control area. He
             deserved to be punished for that.

             Where the issue turned ugly was in deciding what punishment fit the crime . This is the reason the case is
             still making its way through the Alaska court system.

             The state wanted make an example of David Haeg . It was supposed to be pretty simple:




             10115/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0018082
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


              They'd bust him. They'd make a big show of it by playing the press like a trophy king salmon , something at which
              law enforcement officials in this state are good.

              Wolves shot 20 to 30 miles outside the control area became wolves shot up to 80 miles outside the control area.
              Haeg was portrayed as a rogue , out-of-control aerial wolf hunter to make it appear the state was keeping a close
              watch on these hunts , which is the biggest fraud in all this.

              Haeg was supposed to take the publicity hit, hire a fixer to negotiate a plea deal and then just wait for everything
              to fade away.

              That's the way these cases usually go down.

              Haeg, for his part, played his role properly at the start. He hired a lawyer who specializes in plea-bargaining
              wildlife cases . A plea bargain was struck.

              And then everything fell apart. Why isn't exactly clear.

              State assistant attorney general Andrew Peterson said it was because Haeg didn't want to let the state take his
              airplane, a pricey Piper Super Cub specially outfitted for short- field landings.

              "He didn 't want to give it up," Peterson said.

              But it isn't quite that simple.

              The state had seized Haeg's airplane early in the investigation . State officials never bothered to tell him he had
              the right to protest that seizure and go before a judge to try to get the plane back while his case was adjudicated.
              When he finally found out, he got mad.

              By then , he'd also lost a hunting season with its tens of thousand of dollars in business . He was watching his life
              drain away along with his money.

              "All they had to do," he told the three, gray-haired judges of the appeals court in mid -May, "was write a little note
              on the search warrant: 'Mr. Haeg , you have the right to appeal it'"

              Instead, Haeg said, when he asked troopers how and when he might get his plane back, "the trooper told me I
              was never going to get my plane back."

              Somewhere in there , the now 42-year-old Haeg decided the government - our government - was trying to
              railroad him, and he started fighting back . He hired two attorneys . When one seemed more interested in
              negotiating deals than battling for his case and the other couldn't do much to stop him from getting convicted, he
              got even madder.

              He became his own lawyer , a one-man legal aid society cranking out the briefs and appeals . Four years after the
              wolf shooting, he is a man obsessed with his case.

              But then , we all might be if you consider what happened to Haeg after the plea agreement went bust.

              The state used what Haeg said in a five-hour, plea-agreement interview to put together a bunch of new charges.
              They didn't just go after him for violating the terms of the aerial wolf-control permit . They went after him for the
              crime of aerial hunting.

              (Haeg makes an interesting argument that someone engaged in state-permitted wolf control isn't "hunting"
              because the state , in permitting the aerial gunning , specifically says it isn't hunting.)

              The prosecutors saw it differently . To them, it looked like hunting , and they tried to be it to the game management
              unit in which Haeg guides to make it appear he was doing wolf control to further his hunting business.



              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018083
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 3


              A trooper testified that Haeg killed the wolves in the game management unit where he has his hunting camps, but
              eventually recanted that testimony on cross-examination at Haeg 's trail.

              As Haeg pointed out to the appeals court, however , not even the judge appeared to hear. In taking away Haeg's
              guide license, and thus his business , for five years, the judge specifically cited the egregious act of Haeg illegally
              killing wolves in the area where he guides - something which just didn't happen.

              Haeg gets especially upset about this . He tosses the word "perjury" around a lot.

              I don't know what to think about David Haeg . He and some of his friends have e-mailed me repeatedly over the
              years to plead his case . He's always sounded a bit paranoid.

              He started a Web site to publicly air the case: httl2://www. alaskastateofcorru ion.corr . It appears a little paranoid
              too - rambling and disjointed . Haeg is not a particularly eloquent man.

              He is a big -game guide . He looked different in suit and tie before the appeals court judges in a sterile Anchorage
              courtroom, but he was clearly still a guy who would have been a lot more comfortable in the woods.

              After his presentation , all by himself, without the aid of any of the attorneys he's come to detest, a lone man
              behind a wooden table bucking the system in what he believes to be a fight for what is right , Haeg broke down in
              tears.

              I knew then even less than when I entered the court room . Some 50 or so people in attendance, though, had a
              distinct and communal opinion . After the judges walked out of the chambers , they stood up to applaud Haeg long
              and loud.

              Poor state attorney Peterson had to sort of slink out of the chambers.

              A colleague at the top of the stairway leading to the door , shook his hand -- a deserved thank you for arguing
              what has come to be a complicated and ugly case.

              I was left knowing that I didn't like a lot of what I saw. I felt a little sorry for Haeg. I remember thinking mainly about
              the over-used phrase of an old friend: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you.

              What Haeg was apparently trying to do in March of 2004 was help the state out with its dirty little business of
              manipulating wolf numbers . He got a little carried away , yes, but for that he deserves to lose his business for five
              years and his airplane?

              If that's the case, what should be the punishment for those commercial fishermen who on any given day over the
              course of the Alaska summer stray outside the boundaries of carefully drawn fishing districts to snatch public
              resources worth tens of thousands of dollars?

              Haeg wasn't making any money off shooting those wolves.

              He was just a poor fool trying to help the state with its stated goal of reducing wolf numbers in the McGrath area.
              So far, it appears to have cost him about four years of his life.




               Outdoors editor Craig Medred is an opinion columnist . Find him online at mailto:cmedred(iadn .com or call 257-
              4588.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018084
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 5


              Unknown

              From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:       Wednesday , May 21, 2008 2:20 PM
              To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : May 21-27, 2008




             From : Waste Business Journal [mailto : info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
             Sent: Wednesday, May 21, 2008 1:33 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: May 21-27, 2008

                                       If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : May 21-27, 2008


              HEADLINES...
              1. Farm Bill's Energy Title Gives Hope to Biofuels Supporters
              2. Supreme Court Upholds States' Right to Exempt Their Own
                 Bonds
              3. Silicon Valley Wants Congress to Extend Clean Energy Credits
              4. New York City Council Overrides Mayor 's Veto on E-Waste Bill
              5. EPA Releases 2008 Report on the Environment
              6. EnergySolutions Presses Case to Import Italian Nuclear Waste
              7. Spanish Energy Giant Iberdrola to Invest $8 Bil. on US
                 Renewable Projects
              8. Perma-Fix Sells Tulsa Waste Facility for $1 .5 Million


               The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
               provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
               please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
               Signup and Unsubscribe Instructions are at the bottom of this email.
               Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.



              Market Radius Reports
              Focus on Your Market...
              Market radius reports capture all waste
              operations within a given market. They
              provide analysis of the major players by
              market share, and show historical trends
              of pricing, volume and capacity specific
              to that area. [ Learn More...]




              1. FARM BILL'S ENERGY TITLE GIVES HOPE TO BIOFUELS
                 SUPPORTERS
                Both houses of Congress passed the $300 billion Farm Bill that allots only




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0018085
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 2 of 5


                 $1.4-billion billion towards energy, but entrepreneurs are touting it as
                 important seed funding for next-generation biofuels that don't use food as
                 feedstock. The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 provides $1
                 billion in direct funding of energy programs and draws $400 million from
                 energy tax credits and also provides an additional $1.1 billion in
                 discretionary spending. Among the provisions of the energy title are loan
                 guarantees for biorefineries, a tax credit for cellulosic biofuel, a program
                 to subsidize the cultivation of new biofuel feedstocks, and others.. . Read
                 More u


              2. SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS STATES ' RIGHT TO EXEMPT THEIR
                 OWN BONDS
                 The US Supreme Court ruled 7-to-2 that states can continue taxing
                 interest on out-of-state municipal bonds while exempting interest on their
                 own bonds without violating the Constitution . The decision is important for
                 the waste industry particularly with regard to the public financing of waste
                 processing facilities . In ruling on " Dept. of Revenue of Kentucky v. Davis,"
                 the high court overturned an appellate court ruling which found
                 differential tax practices to discriminate against Interstate commerce.
                 Instead , the court said it promotes the financing of essential
                 governmental services . However, it left the door open to possible future
                 challenges revolving around private -activity or conduit bonds issued by
                 governmental entities on behalf of private borrowers ... Read More a


              3. SILICON VALLEY WANTS CONGRESS TO EXTEND CLEAN
                 ENERGY CREDITS
                 Clean energy and tech executives are leaning on Congress to end
                 deadlock and approve a series of tax credits essential to the solar and
                 wind Industries that are also a growing segment of the Silicon Valley
                 economy. In a letter to congressional leaders, the Silicon Valley
                 Leadership Group, TechNet, the National Venture Capital Association and
                 trade groups for wind and solar warned that the loss of tax credits would
                 jeopardize $19 billion in clean-tech investment and 116,000 jobs
                 nationwide. The House and Senate have disagreed over how to pay for a
                 package of extended tax credits, including an $8.8 billion-a-year research
                 and development tax credit that expired at the end of 2007. A House
                 measure to shift tax breaks from oil and gas to renewables failed in the
                 Senate after fierce opposition from oil companies. Recently, the House
                 Ways and Means Committee put together a new plan, paid for with
                 relatively non-controversial methods, including curtailing a deferred
                 compensation technique used by hedge funds. Their plan would extend
                 the investment tax credit for solar energy for six years, and the
                 production energy tax credit for wind for one year. The tax credit for using
                 energy derived from biomass, geothermal, hydropower, landfill gas and
                 solid waste would be extended three years. Uncertainty over the credits Is
                 said to be delaying large-scale projects... Read More»


              4. NEW YORK CITY COUNCIL OVERRIDES MAYOR'S VETO ON E-
                  WASTE BILL
                 The New York City Council overrode Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's veto of a
                  bill that imposes performance standards on manufacturers for the
                  recovery of electronic waste. Introductory Number 729 requires
                  electronics manufacturers to take back a minimum of 25% of what they
                 sell by July 1, 2012. That percentage rises to 65% In 2018. It Is the
                 second part of a measure that was orginally split Into two parts so that
                 the Mayor could sign into law those elements of the law to which he
                 agreed. The Mayor disagreed with the second measure because in his
                 view, it disproportionately burdens manufactures instead of wholesalers
                 whom actually sell directly to the public. The Council passed the bill on
                 March 26 only to have the Mayor veto It on April 26. The Council overrode
                 the veto on May 14. However, the Mayor is not expected to implement the
                 standards... Read More e




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0018086
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 5




                              ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL
               Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites
              The Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous Waste Sites is              I
              the only directory of Its kind and is the most up-to-date and           """
              comprehensive facility database of over 7,400 waste
              processing and disposal facilities across the US.
              The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites Is a
              powerful research and analysis tool that provides you with up-
              to-date, detailed operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants,
              materials recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer
              stations, composting operations and more throughout the entire US.
              [Learn More...]


              5. EPA RELEASES 2008 REPORT ON THE ENVIRONMENT
                 The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency has just released its 2008
                 Report on the Environment which is meant to help citizens to better
                 understand trends in the condition of the air, water, and land and related
                 changes in human health and the environment in the United States. It Is
                 also intended to provide a reliable set of information that can be used for,
                 year-to-year comparisons as well as planning ... Read More P


              6. ENERGYSOLUTIONS PRESSES CASE TO IMPORT ITALIAN
                 NUCLEAR WASTE
                 Eager to press ahead with plans to import foreign nuclear wastes into
                 Utah, Salt Lake City-based EnergySolutions Inc. said It would limit the
                 amount of waste and that it would not impact domestic capacity.
                 EnergySolutions has an application pending before the Nuclear Regulatory
                 Commission to import 20,000 tons of low-level radioactive waste from
                 Italy. It Is the largest import license request for nuclear waste the NRC
                 has ever received. The proposal has led to widespread opposition in Utah
                 and other states the waste would travel through. It has also sparked a bill
                 in Congress that would ban the Importation of all low-level radioactive
                 foreign waste unless It originated here or came from an American military
                 facility. Sponsors are concerned that imports would diminish much needed
                 domestic capacity. Company CEO Steve Creamer attempted to allay those
                 fears in testifying before a House subcommittee on the bill. He said the
                 intent in importing the waste is to "have an American company build a
                 strong position Internationally.".. Read More »


              7. SPANISH ENERGY GIANT IBERDROLA TO INVEST $8 BIL. ON
                 US RENEWABLE PROJECTS
                 Spanish renewable energy giant Iberdrola plans to Invest $8 billion In the
                 United States between 2008 and 2010. The world's largest renewable
                 energy operator alms to have a 15% share of the wind power market In
                 the US by 2010. It had a wind power production capacity of 2,400
                 megawatts in the US at the end of March and it expects to reach 3,600
                 megawatts by the end of the year. Iberdrola chairman Ignacio Sanchez
                 Galan has said he considers the US as the company's most exciting
                 growth market. .. Read More a


              8. PERMA-FIX SELLS TULSA WASTE FACILITY FOR $1 .5 MILLION
                 Perma-Fix Environmental Services finally sold its Tulsa , Okla., industrial
                 waste management facility to Wilson, Okla.-based A Clean Environment
                 Co. Inc. (ACE) for $ 1.5 million . A deal to sell the facility last September
                 fell through . This.deal is expected to close during the second quarter.
                 According to Perma -Fix CEO Louis F. Centofanti , "this will mark the third
                 industrial facility within our Industrial Segment that we have sold this



             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0018087
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 5


                 year. We are aggressively working to sell the remaining industrial facilities
                 as we concentrate our efforts on the growth opportunities within our
                 Nuclear Segment.".. Read More»


               Waste Market Overview &             Sfae of the Waste N            ntl
               Outlook                                         PMjarW
               The Waste Market Overview
               examines the industry top to
               bottom covering waste
               generation, collection,
               processing, recovery and
               disposal by revenue and
               volume. The report details the
               relationship of past and future
               pricing to capacity and demand
               for disposal , and shows the
               increasing role of the private
               sector. Waste equipment and
               the emerging importance of e-
               waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
               · Market Revenues by Segment
               · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
               · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
               · Geographic Distribution of the Market
               · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
               · Competition In Waste Among the Major Players
               · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
               · Waste Management Equipment
               [Learn More...]




                ABOUT US
                Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                can help you.
               CONTACT US
               PO Box 40034
               San Diego, CA 92164-0034
               Tel 619. 793.5190
               Fax 619 .793.4713
               Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                Forward email
               UNSUBSCRIBE
               This email was sent to office_of the governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
               info@wastebusinessjournal.com
               Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
               SafeUnsubscribe'" I Privacy Policy.
               QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
               Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
               DISCLAIMER
               Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
               and are unintentional.




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0018088
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                            Page 5 of 5




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0018089
