Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Wednesday, May 21, 2008 8:32 AM
              To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Alaska State Chamber E-News May 20



             From: Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
             Sent: Tuesday, May 20, 2008 6:49 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Alaska State Chamber E-News May 20




             Alaska State Chamber of
             Commerce
              May 19, 2008 E-News
                 State Chamber provides new planning tool for Alaska organizations
             Too frequently, organizations across Alaska set a date for an event and later find out that the
             dates they selected are in competition with another organizations event. In an effort to provide a
             tool for all Alaska organizations to use in planning and selecting dates for their events, the
             Alaska State Chamber of Commerce is providing a web based calendar tool for all Alaska
             organizations to use. The calendar will be on the front page of the Alaska State Chamber
             website, www.alaskachamber.com.

             Organizations will be able to enter their own data about their events to insure accuracy in. the
             posting. Once they post the data, an automatic message will be sent to the Calendar
             Administrator. The Calendar Administrator will review the submitted event material to insure its
             appropriateness for posting on the Alaska State Chamber website. All organizations are
             encouraged to utilize this statewide calendar tool for their planning purposes.

             To use the Calendar, Click on the link "Add an event to the calendar". A new box will open.
             Enter the title of your event in the Event Title box. Enter a brief description of your event in the
             Events Details box. You can preview the material before submitting by clicking on the Preview
             Button or the Preview Dates button. Once you are satisfied, click on the Add Event button at the
             bottom of the page.

             All organizations are invited and encouraged to use the State Chamber calendar tool.

                       Governors Gasline Team to Present AGIA Determination on
                                   TransCanada's Gasline Proposal


             10/15/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0018108
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



             The Resource Development Council and the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce will host a luncheon
             on Friday, May 23rd in the Fore Deck at the Hotel Captain Cook on the AGIA Determination on
             TransCanada's Gasline Proposal.

                                                    Featured speakers:
             Deputy Commissioner Marty Rutherford, Department of Natural Resources Commissioner Tom Irwin,
             Department of Natural Resources Commissioner Pat Galvin, Commissioner, Department of Natural
             Resources

             Cost: $30 Members (RDC and Alaska State Chamber), $35 Non-members

             Doors Open 11 :30, program begins Noon

             Reserve early ! Space is limited to 200 registrants.

             RSVP by Clicking Here or by calling 276-0700, Ext. 6

                   Special Session Preview : Gas lines, bullet lines, spur lines and more!
                      May 27, 10 a.m. - 11:30, Egan Civic & Convention Center, Anchorage
             The Alaska Journal of Commerce and the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce jointly present a special
             briefing May 27 on gas pipeline issues held just days before the Legislature meets in special session in
             Juneau.

            Gov. Sarah Palin is due to roll out her administration 's recommendations on a proposal for a Alaska
            Gasline Inducement Act (AGIA) license just as North Slope producers BP and ConocoPhillips are
            ramping up work under their new Denali pipeline project . There are also two proposals for smaller
            pipelines to bring North Slope gas to Southcentral Alaska, one by Enstar Natural Gas for a "bullet line"
            from the North Slope, and by the Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority for a "spur" line to link
            Southcentral to the big pipeline.

            We will present information on all of these projects along with a discussion of Point Thomson and
            issues surrounding gas extraction from this complex, challenging gas reservoir. The discussion will be
            moderated by Dan Fagan.
            Panel:
            Rep. Ralph Samuels
            Rep. Mike Doogan
            Sen. Bert Stedman
            Revenue Commissioner Patrick S. Galvin,
            Commissioner Cathy Foerster, Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission and a
            Representative from Department of Natural Resources.

            Cost is $20 per person. RSVP Online or call (907) 272-2401.




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0018109
