Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I



               Unknown

               From :    Goode, Kelly C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KCGOODE]
               Sent:     Wednesday , May 21 , 2008 6:23 PM
               To:       'gov.palin@yahoo .com'; 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
               Subject: Bills Transmitted to the Governor

             Governor,

             My goal is to get as many bills out of the way between tomorrow and next week due to your hectic schedule.
             Here is where we stand.

             There are 15 bills in our possession which have due dates between the 24th and 28th . You are scheduled to sign
             12 of them tomorrow (this includes the budget bills) without any ceremony.

             There are 3 bills which need attention /decision still:

             SB 185 (Sex offender/child kidnapper registration ): Wielechowski. I have not talked with the Senator concerning
             the signing of this bill and he has not requested special action but its due date is next Wednesday , a very busy
             time for you . So we could add this to the bills you 'll sign tomorrow.
                                                 Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             °rivileae or Personal Materia

             HB 165 (Big Game Guides & Transporters) LeDoux. This bill requires action by next Friday . I don't think it needs
             a ceremony although I haven 't talked with LeDoux. I would gladly call her if you'd rather sign it tomorrow as well.


             NEXT WEEK: Amongst AGIA you have 2 requests for bill signings . We discussed them yesterday . Kris and I
             will need to figure out a solution.
             HB 166 , PFD Charitable Giving , sponsored by Rep Thomas and supported by Diane Kaplan.
             HB 120 , Unemployment Compensation sponsored by Sen Ellis and supported by Commissioner Bishop.

             If we get through these , we can work on a plan to sign bills during special session : requests are already coming
             in. Tomorrow I'll put together a list of the bills in our possession that will come due during special session for you
             to see . The list is quite long.

             Let me know if you have any questions since I may not have been very clear here . I am happy to answer them.

             kelly




             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0018127
