Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 7


              Unknown
              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
              Sent:    Thursday, May 22, 2008 8:35 AM
              To:      Leschper; Beth (GOV)
              Cc:      Spencer, Kari L (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Putting Alaska First - ApriVMay2008




              From: Terry Russell [mailto:terryrusse1155@gmall.com)
              Sent: Wednesday, May 21, 2008 8:49 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject- Re: Putting Alaska First - April/May2008

              dear gov how about some road repair money as .08 fuel tax is going elsewhere!

              On Mon, May 19, 2008 at 4:36 PM, Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              <governort lalaska.gov> wrote:



               If this newsletter does not display correctly, you can view it online here>>>




                                   April-May 2008




               AGIA Public Forum                  Governor Sarah Palin rolled out a short-term
               May 28-30 in Anchorage             energy plan May 15 to address the skyrocketing
                                                  costs of energy in Alaska. The package includes
                                                  two parts - returning surplus funds through a grant
                                                  to all electric utilities to reduce ratepayer bills and
                                                  an Energy Debit Card for the next 12 months.
               VISIT AGIA WEBPAGE                 "Alaskans are feeling the pinch of high energy
              The Gasline team will hold a        costs," she said. "The state treasury is swelling,
              three-day AGIA Findings             while family checkbooks are evaporating. The
              Public Forum May 28-30 at           right thing to do is to return surplus monies to the
              the Anchorage Sheraton for          resource owners through energy relief. Instead of
              the public and Alaska               going to Washington, D.C. for relief, Alaskans
              legislators.                        should be independent enough to take care of this
                                                  energy problem ourselves."
              The team will provide a
              detailed review of the
              analysis. by the
              commissioners of Natural
              Resources and Revenue of
              TransCanada's proposal to
              build a gasline, and whether
              it sufficiently maximizes the



              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0018133
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                              Page 2 of 7


               benefits to Alaskans and
               deserves a state AGIA
               license and incentives.
               Important state benefits
               include creating jobs,
               generating revenue, and
               encouraging development of
               Alaska's gas resources
               through open access.

              Topics at the Forum will
              include an analysis of how to
              expedite a project, the
              potential state costs and
              benefits of both pipeline and
              liquefied natural gas project
              scenarios, the potential
              profits , and other factors
              associated with any
              development decision.

              Presenters will include
              national and international
              experts in natural gas and
              gasline economics,
              engineering, finance, law,
              construction, marketing and
              transportation, the
              commissioners and other
              state officials.

              Call 269-8426 to reserve
              presentation materials. There
              is no cost for anyone to
              attend the Forum and it will
              be broadcast on the "Gavel to
              Gavel" statewide public
              cable TV channel . For more
              information, visit the AGIA
              website
              www.gov.state.ak.us/aaia.


              Budget Update
              Governor Sarah Palen,
              commissioners and staff arc
              currently reviewing the
              operating and capital budget
              bills that passed during the
              90-day legislative session.
              The Governor has the
              authority to reduce or veto
              items in the budgets prior to
              signing them into law. The
              capital budget totals $3
              billion and contains more
              than 900 projects that were
              added by the legislature.
              The Governor's final action



             10/15/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0018134
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                Page 3 of 7


               on the capital budget, SB
               221, is due by May 23. Final
               action on the operating
               budget.. HB 310, mental
               health operating and capital
               budget, HB 312 and the
               general obligation bond bill
               containing transportation
               projects, HB 314, is due on
               May 24.


               'Change Stereotypes to
               End Violence'
               "Celebrating and honoring
               Alaska Native women can
               do much to change the
               stereotypes, change the
               mindset that afTects how we
               respond to the violence that
               many face," Governor Pal in
               told attendees at the Alaska
               Native Justice Group's
               "Building Momentum"
               conference at the Anchorage
               Hilton on April 28. "1 honor
               and celebrate the brave
               leadership Representative
               Nelson displayed as she
               issued a challenge to her
               colleagues in the legislature,
               to the media and to all
               Alaskans. Representative
               Nelson used her well-
               chosen words to build a
               bridge leading to progress -
               and now it is up to us to
               cross it." The event focused
               on improving the response
               to and attitudes towards
               violence targeting Native
               Alaskan women.



               2008 Denali Award
               Winners
              Governor Palin announced
              this year's recipients of the
              annual Governor's Peak
              Performance Denali
              Awards. The awards
              recognize State employees
              who demonstrate a
              commitment to building and
              maintaining a culture of
              superior customer service,
              exceptional individual and
              team performance and



             10/15/2009

                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0018135
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                            Page 4 of 7


               excellence in leadership for
               the State of Alaska
               Executive Branch and the
               citizens of Alaska. Winners
               were selected out of
               hundreds of nominations
               submitted by co-workers.
               The 2008 winners are:

               Co-Worker Recognition:
               Tina Cunning,
               Department of Fish and
               Game
               Customer Service
               Individual:
               Nora Firmin,
               Department ofAMilitary and
               Veteran's Affairs
               Customer Service Team:
               David Verbrugge,
               Eileen Nicholoff and
               Marina Oberst.
               Analystical Toxicology
               Group
               Department of Public Safety
               Exceptional Performance
               Individual:
               Annette Ge Smith
               Department of Revenue
               Exceptional Performance
               Team:
               Sgt. Bryan Barlow and
               Melvin Nading,
               Alaska State Troopers Helo
               I Team
               Department ofPublic Safety
               Leadership Award:
               Katie Tepass,
               Department ofPublic Safety




             The Energy Debit Card will go out to every qualifying Permanent Fund Dividend applicant. The benefit will be $100 per
             month per PFD recipient the amount allocated for children's benefits will accrue to the card of the sponsor on their PFD
             application. Money not used on the card one month will carry over to the next month . It is expected that the amount
             available to individuals through the card will be considered income by the IRS. The temporary Energy Debit Card can
             be used for purchases from Alaska energy vendors, such as heating oil distributors, natural gas utilities, gas stations and
             other retail fueling stations.




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0018136
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 5 of 7




              CREATES PURPLE HEAR? in IL MAKES ALASKA'S
              SKIES SAFER & SAFEGUARDS. S. IORS
                                                A bill signed by Governor Sarah Palin designates
                                                the Alaska Highway from Fairbanks to the
                                                Canadian border as part of the nationwide
                                                "Purple Heart Trail." Included in the trail is the
                                                Black Veterans Memorial Bridge over the
                                                Gerstle River, which honors the segregated
                                                battalions that helped build the highway. Palin
              VIEW PHOTO                        signed the bill on Saturday, May 3 at Mountain
              Purple Heart Trail Address        View's Northland VFW Post #10252. The
                                                Governor was joined by a mostly veteran crowd
              LISTEN TO AUDIO                   of about 100 that also included Sen. Johnny
              Purple Heart Trail Bill Signing   Ellis, Rep. Berta Gardner, Rep. Nancy
                                                Dahlstrom, Rep. Bob Lynn and Rep. Max
                                                Gruenberg. Ron Siebels, who was recently
                                                named Commander of the Military Order of the
                                                Purple Heart Department of Alaska, presented
                                                the Governor with a Purple Heart pin and a
                                                Purple Heart plaque.

                                                The Governor signed the Capstone Avionics bill,
                                                SB 249, which will provide low-interest loans
                                                through the Department of Commerce,
                                                Community and Economic Development for
                                                Alaska airplane owners to purchase state -of-the-
                                                art safety equipment . Alaska has the highest
                                                number of pilots per capita of any state - about
             VIEW PHOTO                         one in 78 - and the highest aviation accident
             Capstone Avionics Bill Address     rates, three to four times higher than the national
                                                average. Nearly 2,000 aviation enthusiasts
             LISTEN TO AUDIO                    packed the Anchorage FedEx Hangar for the
             Pyle Heart Trail Bill Signing      May 3 ceremonial event, including
                                                Transportation Commissioner Leo von Scheben,
                                                Alaska Airmen's Association President Joe
                                                Pearson and Aircraft Carriers Association
                                                President Wilfred Ryan.

                                                Governor Palin joined 200 of Alaska's seniors at
                                                the Anchorage Senior Activity Center to issue a
                                                proclamation designating May 2008 as "Older
                                                Americans Month." During the May 1 ceremony,
                                                the Governor also signed three bills: SB 101
                                                assists adults in need of guardianship and works
                                                to protect the rights and possessions of these
             VIEW PHOTO                         vulnerable adults , many of whom are senior
             Older Americans Month Event        citizens; SB 209 extends the Alaska Commission
                                                on Aging; and SB 243 modifies statutes
                                                regarding the role of the Commission.




             Governor Sarah Palin presented a proclamation
             to more than 600 bikers designating May 2008
             as "Motorcycle Awareness Month" at the
             Anchorage Bike Blessing on May 3 in the



             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018137
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 7


               downtown Park Strip. The proclamation said that
               in 80-90 percent of all accidents involving a
               motorcycle, it is the other motorist's fault and
               urged motorists to use caution when they are
               near motorcyclists. The Governor wished the
               bikers safe and happy rides.




                                                                                     VIEW PHOTO
                                                                         Motorcycle Awaren Month




                                                 In a May 1 ceremony at Fort Richardson,
                                                 Governor Sarah Palin welcomed home about 180
                                                 Alaska Army National Guard soldiers of Bravo
                                                 Company, 297th Support Battalion who spent six
                                                 months serving as security forces based out of
                                                 Camp Anaconda, Iraq. The soldiers are from
                                                 Southcentral Alaska, Juneau, Bethel, Nome and
                                                 Fairbanks. "You have shown incredible courage
                                VIEW PHOTO       in the face of the enemy during the most
               Governor Welcomes Soldiers Home   dangerous deployment of the Alaska Army
                                                 National Guard," the Governor told the troops.
                                                 "Thank you for all that you have done, and for
               EX                                the sacrifices you and your families have made
                                                 in order to secure our freedom and safety."

                                                 During their deployment, the soldiers earned
                                                 four Bronze Stars for Valor, 21 Bronze Stars for
                                                 Service, two Army Commendation Medals for
                              VIEW PHOTO
                                                 Valor, 62 Army Commendation Medals for
                    Welcome Home Alaska ANG      Service, six Purple Hearts and 79 Army
                                                 Achievement Medals for Service.




              The Alaska Energy Authority announced 28 Energy Plan Town Hall meetings
              across Alaska from Barrow to Ketchikan . Alaskans will hear presentations by
              teams of representatives from AEA , the Alaska Department of Natural Resources,
              the Alaska Department of Commerce , Community and Economic Development,
              and the Denali Commission.

              "I don't need to tell you what today's high energy costs are doing to every single
              Alaskan, " said Alaska Energy Coordinator Steve Haagenson , in an open letter to
              Alaskans. "Each one of us in every area of our state feels the impact . In some
              areas, the cost of energy has produced near crisis circumstances . I'm here to do
              something about it, to get us beyond the talking points, beyond the planning stage
              and into rapid deployment of solutions."

              The Town Hall meetings will focus on developing local energy resources.
              Comments may also be e-mailed to energycoordinator @ id ea.org or mailed to the
              Alaska Energy Authority, Steve Haagenson, 813 West Northern Lights Blvd.,
              Anchorage, Alaska 99503 . More information on the Alaska Energy Plan and



              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0018138
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                              Page 7 of 7


              updates to the Town Hall meeting schedule are available at
              www.akenergyauthoritv.org.
              Energy Town Hall Meetings
                      Unalaska: May 20, 4-8 PM, The Grand Aleutian Hotel, Makushin Room
                      Sand Point May 20 (time and location to be announced)
                      Kodiak: May 22, 4-8 PM, Kodiak College
                      Juneau: May 27, 5-9 PM, Centennial Hall Ballroom I
                      Ketchikan: May 28 (time and location to be announced)
                      Wrangell: May 28, 4-8 PM, City Hall, Council Chambers
                      Fort Yukon: May 28, 2-6 PM, Tribal Hall
                      Craig: May 29 (time and location to be announced)
                      Kake: May 29, 4-8 PM, Community Hall Gym
                      Barrow: June 2 (time and location to be announced)
                      Glennallen: June 3 (time and location to be announced)
                      Anchorage: June 4 (time and location to be announced)




               ADDS NEW Vl I
              A new visitor webpage will guide those seeking                          VISIT STATE OF ALASKA
              information about Alaska into an extensive
              network oftravelresources. The site will provide
              visitors and residents detailed information on:
                        Alaska communities throughout the
                       state
                        "New to Alaska" relocation links
                       Detailed topographic maps as well as
                      highways, roads and Alaska Marine
                      Highway routes
                        Current road conditions
                        Alaska facts and history
                        Alaska employment opportunities
              The website is available on the state's main
              webpage under the Visitor tab at
              www.alaska.gov.




              Governor Sarah Palin


              To subscribe, or unsubscribe, to this publication, follow this link nnomisenate ak.us&ocs amoteLiscs   ciovnor Maitin List. .




                                             State of Alaska - Govern or - Webmaster - Office Locations - Email Governor




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0018139
