Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                   Thursday, May 22, 2008 5:17 AM
          To:                     Katz; John W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
          Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Subject:                Re: FYI Story on polar bears on KTUU Web site right now


          I agree it's NOT the angle I'd hoped ktuu would take. We were not "changing our mind"...
          we'd left that lawsuit possibility available when we announced our initial reaction and
          then acted responsibly and in a timely manner when Law finished its analysis of the
          decision - we knew then it was time to act (esp after at least one other suit was
          announced that could potentially further harm our state).



          I was disappointed in the reporter covering this who is becoming notorious for taking the
          irrelevant angles in his stories.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>



          Date: Thu, 22 May 2008 08:09:28

          To:"Rosanne D (GOV) Hughes" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>,"Talis J (LAW) Colberg"
          <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

          Cc:"Kris Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Mike Nizich" <Mike.Nizich@alaska.gov>,"Sharon
          Leighow" <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Subject: Re: FYI Story on polar bears on KTUU Web site right now




          This is not the story I had hoped for, but we should probably leave it alone.



          I believe that the Governor's decision to sue is not inconsistent with her previous
          statement.  In the meantime, the Center for Biological Diversity announced that they would
          renew their litigation in the Northern District of California. This litigation will
          likely raise most of the substantive issues.



          Clearly, the Center was forum shopping by choosing to litigate in a jurisdiction that has
          no real relationship to polar bears. So, we needed to counter by choosing to litigate in
          the DC Circuit, which has a reputation among legal scholars as being the most competent
          appellate court in the country in reviewing federal agency actions.



          Thanks for forwarding the article.


                                                                I




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0018172
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          John W. Katz

          Director of State/Federal Relations

          and Special Counsel to the Governor

           <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org

          (202) 624-5858



          >>> On 5/21/2008 at 7:02 PM, in message <D9356D6DE8D93140A51BC992BA53CB0E62C818
          @SOAANCMSGO3.soa.alaska.gov>, "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov> wrote:




          ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- Gov. Sarah Palin announced today that the state of Alaska will sue
          the U.S. Department of the Interior over last week's polar bear listing under the
          Endangered Species Act.

          The state says it plans to sue under the Administrative Procedure Act, claiming Interior
          Secretary Dirk Kempthorne chose to "list a currently healthy species ... based on not only
          the uncertain modeling of future climate change but also the unproven long-term impact of
          any future climate change on the species."

          Attorney General Talis Colberg believes the "threatened" listing of the polar bear
          violates the APA as well as the Endangered Species Act itself.

          The administration says Secretary Kempthorne failed "to make a decision based solely on
          the best scientific and commercial information."

          Today's action reverses a course the administration claimed it would chart as recently as
          a few days ago, when Palin said the state did not intend to sue over the listing but may
          opt to join other lawsuits.

          As recently as last Friday Gov. Palin told KTUU Channel 2 News that
          <http://http:/www.ktuu.com/Global/story.asp?s-8339595> the state would not sue over the
          polar bear listing. She also said the state would not be "the first" to sue over the
          dispute.

          "We.don't want to just sue just to make some political statement here," Palin said. "We
          want to be effective there, and we're gonna be committed to doing what's in Alaska's best
          interest."

          However, the administration has apparently changed its mind and determined Alaska should
          pave the lead in legally disputing the polar bear's "threatened" status.

          "Inappropriate implementation of this listing decision could result in widespread social
          and economic impacts, including increased power costs and further increases in fuel
          prices, without providing any more protection for the species," Department of Natural
          Resources Commissioner Tom Irwin said.

          Kempthorne says the best available science indicates that the bears' primary habitat, sea
          ice, was shrinking and likely to further recede.

                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018173
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          But the state came to a different conclusion. Initially the Palin administration cited
          independent science in its opposition to listing the polar bear as "threatened" under
          federal law. But it later back-tracked and said it actually came to its conclusions based
          on the same science used by the Interior Department.

          Doug Vincent-Lang of the state Department of Fish and Game admitted to during a recent
          interview that no independent state-sanctioned studies of polar bear populations were
          performed.

          But an analysis of federal and international science led the Palin administration to
          determine that polar bears did not deserve elevation to "threatened" status.

          The lead polar bear scientist for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service came to a different
          conclusion than that of the state, though, and even said he "wished he were wrong."

          Scott Schliebe emphasized in a <http://www.ktuu.com/Global/story.asp?s=8339583> KTUU
          Channel 2 News interview that no independent state studies were conducted or administered
          to his team, which oversaw the science that led to the federal government's decision.

          He also said he had "no doubt that polar bears are threatened."

          "I believe after looking very closely at the data and the information that we've made a
          thorough and accurate assessment," he said. "I think it's -- I think it's rock solid."

          Meanwhile, environmental groups including the Center for Biological Diversity and
          Defenders of Wildlife have announced they are suing the Interior Department for not
          attempting to mitigate the causes of global warming -- and specifically, the threat to
          polar bears by global warming -- through the Endangered Species Act.




          Rosanne Hughes

          Press Secretary and Communications Director

           (907) 269-7450




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0018174
