Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From:      Mike Gretchen [mgstoddard@gci.net]
             Sent:      Saturday, May 24, 2008 1:33 PM
             To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
             Subject: THANK YOUI Re: Support Elementary School computer lab- Tumagain Elementary



              Thank you so much not vetoeing support for the Turnagain Elementary computer lab!

              The parents have tried fundraising, and it is expensive to bring an old school with no computer facilities
              or wiring even up to a point where one class at a time can use the computers. After a successful year of
              fundraising in 2006- 2007, we did finally have 20 computers for students at the school, but still not a
              complete set for a full class. We appreciate your support!

              Thank youl
              Gretchen Stoddard
              Anchorage

                   ----- Original Message - - -
                   From : Mike Gretchen
                   To:'aovernor(talaska.oov';'karen.rehfeldt alaska.oov'
                   Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:50 PM
                   Subject: Support Elementary School computer lab- Tumagain Elementary

                Please do not veto money for the Tumagain Elementary school computer lab that is currently in SB
                221.

                I know there are a number of schools asking for computer money. Generally, I support this spending
                to bring technology to our children. I feel that computer skills are an area. that will be critical for our
                children to learn. However, schools are going to find it difficult to allocate funds for computers
                because they are expensive, and these skills are not specifically tested on standardized tests. I feel
                this is not an area that parents can hold bake sales to buy computers for the schools , and it is unlikely
                that school districts will specificially allocate funds to this area. I think computers and learning
                software in the schools will improve the education of our children, and I hope the state will fund these
                areas.

                Specifically, I support funding for Turnagain elementary and I recognize that we need government
                help to begin to bring these computers to my son's school. Our school is one of the oldest schools in
                Anchorage & probably one of the older schools still operating in Alaska. We have only a tiny fraction
                of the average number of computers in an Anchorage school. The parents have tried fundraising,
                and it is too expensive to bring an old school with no computer facilities or wiring even up to a point
                where one class at a time can use the computers . Last year, the parents group did fundraising
                activities & more fundraising activities. We successfully raised over $20,000, and we still don't have a
                full set of computers so that each student in a class can use the computer. These computers and
                reading software sets are very popular with specialists or someone . After all this fundraising, my
                son's class was not able to schedule one session with the computers.

                As I said before, I hope the state will fund these areas. Without state assistance, I don't see
                computers coming to my son's school until we have a bond package and I am not hopeful that will
                happen anytime soon.

                Wow, this was the first time I hale actually looked through all the appropriations in one of these bills.
                Good luck sorting that out!

                -Gretchen




             10/15/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 _0018218
