Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
          Sent:                    Friday, May 23, 2008 8:15 AM
          To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 Fw: Your Questions on ANC


          Oops there was a misspelled addy for you in this original email.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From :   Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

          To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          Cc: 'gov.sarah @ alaska . gov' <gov . sarah@alaska . gov>; Nizich , Michael A ( GOV); Goode , Kelly C
          (GOV)

          Sent: Fri May 23 08:13:28 2008

          Subject: Re: Your Questions on ANC



          Thanks much for the background on this Randy. I'm not convinced all info is flowing back
          to Frank through the Airport Dir as I heard a slightly different story earlier in the year
          but I'll touch bases with you on that.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

          Cc: gov.sarah@alaska.gov <gov.sarah@alaska.gov>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Goode, Kelly C
          (GOV)

          Sent: Fri May 23 07:27:56 2008

          Subject: FW: Your Questions on ANC




          Frank:



          I asked Frank Richards at DOT to provide some background information on the 4th runway
          issue.  It's a bit moot since the work on the EIS has been voluntarily suspended by DOT.
          But it appears in January, 2008, the airlines told DOT the EIS work could move forward and
          there were 40 or so meetings between DOT and the airlines, community councils, and the
          public before the most recent one where the protesters showed up. This probably explains
          why DOT felt surprised at that meeting.



          I think fuel prices have roughly doubled since January and shrinking profit margins are
          probably causing the airlines to re-evaluate all their capital budget plans. It's
          interesting the airlines chose to communicate that to DOT during a public meeting instead
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          of a letter or phone call, but that is their right. If air traffic increases as DOT
          thinks it could based on recent statements from UPS and Cathay Pacific about adding
          flights, DOT may have to revisit the issue or find another solution like more use of the
          Fairbanks airport.



          Randy



          Kelly:



          Should I call Hollis and Lindsey to explain the background and DOT's decision? They are
          probably unaware of the statements by the airlines in January, 2008, to allow DOT to move
          forward with the EIS work or the number of previous meetings held on the airport master
          plan.



          Randy




          From: Richards, Frank T (DOT)

          Sent: Fri 5/23/2008 6:29 AM

          To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)

          Subject: RE: Your Questions on ANC




                  Randy,




          Below are answers to your questions regarding the N-S R/W at ANC.




          Frank




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Identify when and where the airlines agreed to move forward with the EIS scoping phase




         In the airlines January 9, 2008 proposal regarding the "ANC New Runway," the airlines
         proposed that "the EIS process or other planning can start immediately provided that it is
         funded through the Development Fund or other non-rate-based funding source." In the
         proposal dated January 14, 2008, the airlines modified that position, stating "The
         planning and design necessary to complete the EIS process can start immediately and can be
         funded out of the rate base."



         The State negotiators understood there was agreement in concept to fund the EIS using
         $2.5M of existing operating agreement (O/A) approval and $2M of new 0/A approval during
         operating agreement negotiations.   The airlines also agreed that the airport fund the new
         R/W design and LOI preparation, providing Development Funds are used for the State match
         portion.   They have subsequently changed their position again and went back to insistence
         first that only non rate-based funds (AIP and Development Fund) be used for the EIS,
         design or LOI preparation, to which the State agreed.




               Identify the funding sources for EIS phase




         $2.5M under existing 0/A approval within Capital Projects Category A09 and $2M of new 0/A
         approval was planned before the Airlines rescinded their proposal. 93.75% of this would
         have come from FAA AIP Funds (Cargo Entitlements) and 6.75% from AIAS Development Funds.
         Runway and taxiway environmental work plainly falls within the description of the A09
         project, but the Airlines have argued that they did not intend for that to apply that to a
         whole new runway.




              Identify how many public meeting have been held during Master Plan process and how
         many will likely be held during EIS process




                                                      3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018229
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          During the Master Plan , there have been 46 total meetings with the public including 3
          public meetings , 12 meetings with Community Councils , 6 Technical Advisory Group
          meetings , 4 Airline meetings ,  3 Agency meetings , and 3 meetings with interest groups
          such as the trail users .  The EIS process will be conducted by the FAA, which will decide,
          together with its NEPA contractor , what public meetings are required . A NEPA process that
          is controversial automatically gets additional public process.




                Identify why we think the airlines are opposing the project




          The airlines that have expressed concern about the project primarily due to impacts to the
          rates and fees . Their vision is near sighted due to the difficult current business
          environment they are operating in. Concerns about problems 5 or more years from now are
          low on their list of priorities . Their primary concern is reducing near-term costs
          without a vision of the impacts of that on future operations , or the very long lead-time
          necessary even to make this type of decision for when economic . conditions have improved.




                Identify our rationale for moving forward to EIS




         ALAS has not begun moving forward with the EIS and will not, until , it has selected a
         preferred alternative that is approved by the FAA .  When FAA is comfortable with the
         Purpose and Need and preferred alternative they will hire a consultant and commence with
         the EIS.  Unlike the Master Plan, which is conducted and managed by the Airport , the EIS
         will be conducted and managed by the FAA . The reason for proceeding now is that this type
         of project takes a very long time just for environmental and design work .   If we wait
         until the need is more apparent due to improved economic conditions , we may be too late to
         prevent the projected dire congestion that will result.




                Identify the project nomination and airline approval process for this project




         The Project Nomination forms for the N-S Runway (attached ),      were submitted to the airlines
                                                        4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0018230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         along with the Project Nomination forms for all proposed new operating agreement CIP
         projects . These were presented to the AAAC Committee in December 2007 in advance of the
         January 9 & 10 operating agreement negotiation meetings.




               and any other information that is relevant to give the Governor the full story on
          this issue.




         ANC's 2002 master plan identified the need for a new N/S runway .        Per FAA requirements
         ALAS is updating the master plan.




          Attached is a comparison of what ANC charges for terminal rental fees and landing fees
          versus other destinations . ANC has worked hard to keep rates and fees low and what has
          greatly contributed to this is the steady increase of cargo activity .   It is important to
          note that just yesterday ANC staff participated in an airline technical meeting (part of
          the Master Plan ) where a representative from UPS told us that their business was going to
          double in 3 years and that they would choose Runway alternative ( s) 2 or 3 from the Master
          Plan . Today over 70% of ANC's revenue comes from the cargo sector. Cathy Pacific just'
          increased their cargo flights from 70 to 90 per week.




                                                       5




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018231
