Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From :    Goode, Kelly C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KCGOODE]
                  Sent:     Monday, May 26, 2008 1:53 PM
                  To:       gov. palin@yahoo.com; krisandclark@yahoo.com; mason .janice@alaska.gov
                  Subject: Bill Signing Scheduling Request

                Governor,

                I'd like to check with you about approving a 15 minute slot, tomorrow, Tuesday (Janice and Kris discussed the
                time frame) at about 2:30pm to invite Senator Bill Wielechowski to the Anchorage office to sign SB 185 (sex
                offender/registration) which is due Wednesday, May 28th.

                Sen Wielechowski only has 2 bills this year and the other is SB 202 (REAL ID), which will most likely become law
                without signature.

                If this is okay, I'd like to email an invitation to the Senator this afternoon to see if his schedule can accommodate
                the time.

                Thanks for the consideration.

                Kelly




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018297
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                  Blank                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                   Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

                   From :   Jolt Construction And Traffic Maintenance Inc [jolt@mtaonline.net]
                   Sent:    Monday, May 26, 2008 6:45 PM
                   To:      Titus; James Stephen (DOT)
                   Cc:      Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); RepresentativeMarkNeuman@legis.state.ak.us;
                            CharlieHuggins@legis.state.ak.us
                   Subject: Jolt Construction - Complaint




                 6/9/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0018298
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                         Jolt Construction &
                                      Traffic Maintenance,, Inc.
                            PO Box 520366, Big Lake, AK 99 52=36 . · Tel:' 907.892-5658/Fax: 907-892-7263
                                          -DBE Cert7 9$02004/HUBZONE APPROVED
                        Steve Titus                                                     May 26, 2008
                        Northern Region Director

                                 I am seeking assistance resolving an issue and getting paid for three different jobs my
                         company completed last construction season for the Alaska Department of Transportation
                        in the Northern Region. All three projects are being administered by Construction Project
                        Manager Frank Ganley. The unpaid balances add up to a little over $80,000.00. The
                        following is a brief synopsis of who we are and what we have experienced.
                                 Jolt Construction is a Big Lake based road construction sub-contractor that has been
                        in business 12 years, working on numerous AKDOT projects around Alaska. The three
                        projects in question are the Parks Highway Rehabilitation MP 351-356 and the Richardson
                        Highway MP 350 Badger Interchange where jolt is under contract to Exclusive Paving and
                        the Parks Highway MP 315-321 Signing Improvement where jolt is the Prime Contractor.
                        On all three projects jolt was contracted to install the permanent highway signs specifically
                        referred to as Item 615(1 ) Standard Sign. Using material, equipment and labor outlined and
                        approved by the AKDOT, these signs were installed beginning in July 2007 and completely
                        installed and punch-listed by the end of October.
                                 Towards the end of this installation period State inspectors discovered white
                        discoloration on the backside of numerous signs on all three projects. We all agree that the
                        white staining is "oxidation." Understandably the AKDOT voiced concerns about the
                        oxidation. These concerns turned into a State visit to Jolt's place of business to inspect the
                        aluminum we use; to calls to jolts suppliers ; to letters stating we now didn't meet
                        specifications, wanting a corrective action plan and withholding money. Jolt's response was
                        and is, that the spec 's have been met and were previously approved. That the signs are up
                        and operating as designed and a white spot on the backside has no affect on its life or
                        function. In the spirit of customer satisfaction jolt offered to repair the backs of the
                       affected signs. As requested by the AKDOT as another solution for acceptance, jolt also
                        supplied an additional warranty from the reflective sheeting manufacturer. Since that time
                       we have heard nothing. Mr. Ganley refuses direct correspondence from jolt and our
                       numerous requests for a solution through his acceptable channels go unanswered. Jolt
                       would be happy to forward all our letters as proof of our intent.
                                 Last week Jolt's bonding company made us aware that Mr. Ganley stated to them his
                       intent to place a claim against jolt's bond. The bonding company was thus unable to bond
                       a bid we were trying to submit to a new Northern Region project until the old issues were
                       resolved. The result was only one company bid this job at a price more than double the
                       State's estimate and jolt lost out on a valuable piece of work we would have been the low
                       bidder on.
                                We are seeking a reasonable resolution for all parties . We think six to eight months
                       is enough time to figure this out and in some ways think the time span these signs have been
                       up and publicly working on Alaska roadways is an implicit acceptance by the owner . Please
                       assist us in resolving this issue.

                       Steve and Kathleen Cole
                       jolt@mtaonline.net




                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018299
