Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored ) [govemorralaska.govj
                Sent:     Tuesday , May 27, 2008 12:20 PM
                To:       Mike Gretchen
                Subject: RE: THANK YOU! Re: Support Elementary School computer lab- Turnagain Elementary
                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Patin . The concerns , opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion, or comment.



                From: Mike Gretchen [mailto:mgstoddard@gcl.net]
                Sent: Saturday, May 24, 2008 1:33 PM
                To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored ); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)
                Subject: THANK YOU! Re: Support Elementary School computer lab- Turnagain Elementary


                 Thank you so much not vetoeing support for the Tumagain Elementary computer lab!

                 The parents have tried fundraising , and it is expensive to bring an old school with no computer facilities
                 or wiring even up to a point where one class at a time can use the computers. After a successful year of
                 fundraising in 2006- 2007, we did finally have 20 computers for students at the school , but still not a
                 complete set for a full class . We appreciate your support!

                 Thank you!
                 Gretchen Stoddard
                 Anchorage
                   -- Original Message
                   From : Mike Gretchen
                   To: 'governor( alaska .gov' ; 'karen.rehfeldt alaska.gov'
                   Sent: Tuesday, May 13, 2008 8:50 PM
                   Subject: Support Elementary School computer lab- Turnagain Elementary

                   Please do not veto money for the Tumagain Elementary school computer lab that is currently in SB
                   221.

                   I know there are a number of schools asking for computer money . Generally , I support this spending
                   to bring technology to our children . I feel that computer skills are an area that will be critical for our
                   children to learn. However , schools are going to find it difficult to allocate funds for computers
                   because they are expensive, and these skills are not specifically tested on standardized tests. I feel
                   this is not an area that parents can hold bake sales to buy computers for the schools , and it is unlikely
                   that school districts will specificially allocate funds to this area. I think computers and learning
                   software in the schools will improve the education of our children, and I hope the state will fund these
                   areas.

                  Specifically, I support funding for Tumagain elementary and I recognize that we need government
                  help to begin to bring these computers to my son's school. Our school is one of the oldest schools in
                  Anchorage & probably one of the older schools still operating in Alaska . We have only a tiny fraction
                  of the average number of computers in an Anchorage school. The parents have tried fundraising, and
                  it is too expensive to bring an old school with no computer facilities or wiring even up to a point where
                  one class at a time can use the computers. Last year, the parents group did fundraising activities &
                  more fundraising activities . We successfully raised over $20,000, and we still don't have a full set of
                  computers so that each student in a class can use the computer . These computers and reading



                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0018322
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                  software sets are very popular with specialists or someone . After all this fundraising , my son's class was not
                  able to schedule one session with the computers.

                  As I said before , I hope the state will fund these areas . Without state assistance , I don't see computers coming
                  to my son's school until we have a bond . package and I am not hopeful that will happen anytime soon.

                  Wow, this was the first time I have actually looked through all the appropriations in one of these bills. Good
                  luck sorting that out!

                  -Gretchen




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0018323
