Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 5


                 Unknown

                 From :    PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, May 27, 2008 12:56 PM
                 To:       Rebecca Logan
                 Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Haagenson ; Steven H (AIDEA);
                          Harper, Michael C (AIDEA); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
                 Subject: RE: questions asked with reference to CHugach and other things
                 Date: 5-27-08
                To: Chugach
                Attn: Ms Logan
                Ref: Questions i am trying to ask of AGIA and others ( also, please forward my messages as any
                and all of my commentaries are public information....and i cant always e-everyone as i am not
                tooled up like i should be... )

                Ms. Logan,,,,
                If i can i will hope to attend your board meetings --Where do i pick up on that on the web site...
                forget that question--ill find it ......
                ... Tonight i will attempt to make your renewables meeting at 5: 30 at Chugach,,, I hope i can
                paticipate ?? BUt it is ok if I can only look on...
                ...maybe they could invite my comments...???

                Look, the main reason i am eeing this is 2 things... one -- did I hear you Steve Haagenson and
                Chris Rose were comming befor the board ? If so when, because i would like to be there .... to
                hear what they have to say.......

                The other reason is, to give to you a copy of some questions i am asking of AGIA...
                I support AGIA -- thier intentions at the very least ... HOWEVER;; THEY, YOU, AND ALL OF
                ALASKA WHO LOVE S ALASKA, FREEDOM, FAMILY, AND OUR WAY OF LIFE AS
                (QUALITY OF LIFE) MUST SEE THIS REALIZATION TO LAUNCH A MAJOR HYDRO-
                ELECTRIC BACKBONE.....

                PLEASE, GET SOME FRIENDS TOGETHER AND BEGIN THIS DISCUSSION..
                Anyway, i submitted the attached questions to the RDA hosting of AGIA ( they did have time to
                ask them) and these additional ones to Pat Galvin, Mike Doogan, Ramros, Trans-alaska ----and
                because they have the Chugach Electric Name refered to in their body... i felt you shold have a
                copy..

                (((Also, please be aware that i am in the next few days starting to e-mail out many letters of
                comments to not just you folks, but others i have written too and in sending these letters out
                some may be inciteful, difficult, or need re-consideration..... i hope each one of thes letters has
                something of value in them.. because i wrote them to each entity with them personally in mind
                and in regards... other stuff was just thrown out there to see what workded or got traction or
                whatever!.... However: I do stand accountable for my words and actions...as in even those i
                wish i could take back and cant...... ))))

                I am very excited about the possible future role Alaska could play via "Our Mother and Father
                Energies-- "This truly is the stuff dreams are made of times for Alaska.....
                  It is important to me to know that i tried; At least, i truly tried, to make a better world for the
                real reasons in Lifes' mysteries.... And it is my belief that others feel the same way, we all just get


                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0018316
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 5


                a little lost, or off the trail for awhile, untill we realize whats happened ... Alaska is there now...!!! BIG
                TIME....
                Thank You,,,

                Paul D. Kendall

                907-222-7882 msg land line
                new cell 884-2424

                Ps. If i may, i am trying to learn up as many people as i can on a new society for alaska via Hydro-
                electric.... This should be discussed along with the AGIA process... I am fearful if it is not discussed
                now with agia ..... Please,,, it takes special people like yourselves, p-fund, AIDEA, AEA, and other
                important groups to give live and construction to make the transition for thought and dreams into
                Physical Constructs...

                People like me are simply the messenger and stewarts of the message original form, content, intentions,
                and applications... we all have some role to play... you people must see the magnitude of the concept
                i am delivering to you....


                Rebecca Logan <Rebecca@abcalaska.org> wrote:

                 Chugach is going to start monthly worksessions for the board and the public on several key
                 issues; some of the worksessions will include public testimony - watch our website for the info-
                 hope to see you there! Rebecca

                 From: PAUL KENDALL [mailto:pauldkendall@yahoo.coml
                 Sent: Thursday, May 22, 2008 9:20 AM
                 To: Rebecca Logan
                 Subject: RE: Chugach Electric A very special place in history is calling for your people 1

                  Date: 5-22-08 thur
                  Rebecca, first, i am not sure if this is the second e-mail you are recieving from me or not-- i was
                 just typing you and i lost all of the content...
                  Anyway, thank you for the time to e me and the compliment. Many of those other venues have
                 not always been "the best of moments for me or the audience"...
                 If only i could share how big this Hydroelectric Backbone Concept is !
                  You, your board, Chugach, the share holders, the union guys, could only gain more respect,
                 recognition, and leadership if you would sponsor a Public Community wide Energy Forum ! !
                 While the rest of our Government is focused on Fossil Fuels, Chugach should be appointed as
                 Head of Statewide Hydroelectric Maintenance, Overview, and Development, in doing so your
                 people (board) need to go full time employees because you will be imersed full time in many
                 directions (i will need to explain this)
                 By publicly calling for an Energy Forum you will be able to spread your wings, educate the
                 public of your capacities and should claim a leadership role to impliment a Hydroelectric
                 Backbone Initiative...
                 Look, Rebecca, it would really be nice to gather with some of your people informally and have
                 an all day with pizza relaxed disscussion on Hydroelectric Future --
                     You could record the meeting,, on a computer input ( see YOur IT people) And you hold the
                 recording. It is yours..i will sign a release if you need...I can say things you cannot. And that
                 allows you to have cause to address or make startements due to..


                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0018317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 5


                 Not only that, but it would give you guys a dry run at an open unpredictable public involvement
                 forum--we could clean out all of the fuzzy talk
                 Then, instead of trying to remember all of the verbage, you can relax and go back to the recorded
                 talk and review at your own pace,, (a computer input can be managed and sent much much
                 better,,,its the only way to record !) or helll, set up a video cam with mikes,,so you can critique
                 yourselves... and get the recording too..

                 I think Alaska is like a War-- You can have ONE great big army or you can have 2 or 3 armies
                 moving in different theaters of operations,,, I think OIL AND GAS MENTALITY is Strangling
                 ALASKAS REAL POTENTIAL.(the oil and gas boys have checkmated em and they are in
                 denial).. But you could have theoretically 3to 5 simultaneous economies moving at the same
                 time!
                 I wouold want to march with Hydro- Electric Force... You people are there, you just dont see
                 your potential,,-its here, its humongous, and no matter whatfossil fuels does you cannot
                 lose.....Alaskas hydroelectric is its backbonel This backbone will, just as in your body allows a
                 large body of activities to occur..

                 Thanks, Paul D. Kendall
                 884-2424 new cell
                 222-7882 msg land line


                 Rebecca Logan <Rebecca@abcalaska.org> wrote:
                   Paul - thank you for taking the time to care about our community. I see you at many
                   different venues, giving public testimony, and I know that you truly care about what
                   happens. I also know how frustrating it is to only have a certain amount of time to talk -
                   I also spend lots of time in Juneau and before the assembly testifying and always wish
                   that I had more time. It was good to hear your words tonight at the Chugach meeting.
                   Rebecca

                   From: PAUL KENDALL [mailto:pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
                   Sent: Wednesday, May 21, 2008 10:02 AM
                   To: service@chugachelectric.com; Rebecca Logan; jimnorlund; steven E aufrecht
                   Cc: tim leach; pauldkendall@yahoo.com
                   Subject: Chugach Electric A very special place in history is calling for your people !

                   Date: 5-21-08
                   To: Chugach Electric Board of Directors and Membership Community
                   From: Paul D, Kendall
                   Ref: Alaska becoming an Electrical Energy Based Society - Residential Sector
                   requires a need for greater definition of all use sectors and hydrogen preparation
                   committee

                   Please consider this email as a formal request to talk to your board tonigt and in more
                   detail in the future. also, please accept my attachment form for sector use questions.
                   1, objective comment
                   2.edited sector form & formola
                   3. individual house unit
                   Please accept my rough draft commentary that is attached in addition to the
                   opinionated paragraphs here below.




                10/15/2009
     I

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0018318
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 4 of 5


                   New Society -- A bright and stable new economy
                   User Definitions -- long overdue

                   Sincerely and Respectfully,
                   Paul D . Kendall
                   in addition to the below paragraphs -See ATTACHMENT ALSO !


                   99999999999999999999gggggggggggggg

                   Date: 4-29-08
                   From : Paul D. Kendall
                   To:
                   Ref: The continuing ongoing and nearly , daily unfolding of events and
                   disclosures surrounding our families "Life Essential Energy Needs" ENERGIES like
                   price volatility-instability-accountability, ownership, control, management, impacts,
                   revelations, decisions, importance, insights, events, and overall increasing public
                   awareness and concerns
                   demands of us, that, we,
                   as the general citizens whos God given rights of ownership in common benefit,
                    precede all less than best beneficial contracts, and,
                    are the rightfull owners, stewards, and guardians of all resources ; including, but not
                   limited to our "Life Essential Energy Needs"---ENERGIES we all need in order to
                   sustain our lives, and a tranquil and orderly and quality of life lifestyled society;
                    hereby, demand, compell, order, and so direct with clarity of intent and mission, our
                   leaders; all leaders, to intervene and bring about public debate and dialog for the
                   resolution and determination so as to bring about clean and reasonable energy reliability,
                   access, and viability for our residential sector with all due haste...
                        We find this directive necessary in light of the Most recent event:
                   "Global Oil Companies publicly and officialy notify Alaskans the resources of the
                   state are thiers until they say or agree that they are not ..The state drafted a contract
                   in the Global Oil Companies favor .. .... (these are my interpretations ! pdk)


                  Gentlemen, and ladies-
                       The reason we are in this "growing and becoming more unpredictable" energy
                  delima predicament is because we have not been attending to, and are not now, attending
                  to our "Life Essential Energy Needs " design and consruction.
                     The public servants, the corporations , you guys , and us the general citizenry have
                  failed. And, them, you, and us have failed miserably and undeniably.

                  It is time to end this dark sided and never ending morass of energy instability and
                  uncertainty impacting our homes and loved ones.

                  This is not about Republican or Democrat - .
                  .Its about "Our Homes & Childrens Future Alaska".--"Life Essential Energy Needs"
                                                               magnetic fields & hydrogen/water
                  Thank You,

                  Paul D. Kendall



                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018319
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                 Page 5 of 5


                   msg 907-222-7882
                   current cell 844-2424




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018320
