                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



    Printing , GOV (GOV sponsored)

    From :    Meghan Stapleton [meghanstapleton@hotmail.com]
    Sent:     Monday, September 01, 2008 5:54 AM
    To:       Palin, Todd (GOV sponsored); fek9wnr@yahoo.com
    Subject : RE: After Hurricane Katrina, "experienced" senators grilling Exxon, BP, & COP CEO's for windfall
              tax got nothing... your wife "STOOD THEM DOWN" singlehandedly...

  thank you. don't forget: let's use your personal email for all this.

  kris is going to touch base with you soon here. taylor (mccain campaign communications guru in anchorage) and
  i are going to be heading out to your home in a little bit and to the heath home. what do you need? we'll provide
  assistance with the media push away from the home and we'll get your in-laws out of their home. news should
  come out before 9-10am, our time.

  I'm going to get ready so i can get in the car... but i'll check email before getting into the car.

  thanks,
  meg




 Date: Mon, 1 Sep 2008 05:46:53 -0800
 From: tpalin@alaska.gov
 Subject: Fw: After Hurricane Katrina, "experienced" senators grilling Exxon, BP, & COP CEO's for windfall tax got
 nothing... your wife "STOOD THEM DOWN" singlehandedly...
 To: meghanstapleton@hotmail.com




 From : Chris Osowski
 To: Palin, Todd (GOV sponsored)
 Sent : Sun Aug 31 20:47:27 2008
 Subject : After Hurricane Katrina, "experienced" senators grilling Exxon, BP, & COP CEO's for windfall tax got
 nothing... your wife "STOOD THEM DOWN" singlehandedly...

 I should probably leave you alone, but its killing me...

 She got the tax... the "experienced" guys didn't

 And, shes got them scrambling all over themselves trying to be first with the gas line and add to the economy

 I'd love to see Obama arguing with Mulva or Malone!

 And all this on the eve of yet another hurricane in the gulf!




                                                                                                        ROSTON 02850
 6/17/2009



Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
