Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of l



                Unknown

                 From :    Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO)
                 Sent:     Tuesday, May 27, 2008 4:39 PM
                 To:       'Sarah Palin'
                 Cc:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                 Subject: Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing / Cathy Roemmich - MTAB

               Governor:

               The Senate Judiciary Committee hearing was full of inaccurate allegations by the union. I spoke with Joe and I
               think he fended the attacks off fairly well. However, media and reporters who want to try and make a headline
               probably have a lot of comments from the union to pick from. Hopefully, they will report Joe's comments as well.

               Union manager Brad Wilson again misrepresented the content and results of his meeting with Mike Nizich and
               myself. The only request the union made at our meeting was a demand that Joe be fired immediately. Within
               days, we arranged a meeting with Joe where the union could discuss and hopefully resolve some of its issues.
               The union refused to attend.

               I think the bottom line with most of the legislators at the committee hearing is they want the union to get back to
               the table and work with Joe. Joe again stated he is willing to meet with the union and we are looking at using a
               federal mediation service for a meeting at the end of June. The union has now hired Paul Fuhs as its lobbyist.

               Ramras was particularly rude to Joe in his comments during the hearing.

               Randy



               On another note, Cathy Roemmich, Chair of MTAB asked that I pass along her appreciation for the funding in the
               budget for the ferry system and will be sending a thank-you letter in this week.

               Randy




                8/24/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0018385
