Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                   Tuesday, May 27, 2008 6:50 AM
           To:                     Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject :               Fw: Military


           Rosanne- as more attention is given to external communications and events, things like
           this event (and the opportunity for a good event to sign bill for military hunting/fishing
           lie) can be better orchestrated and we can feel more comfortable knowing I's are dotted
           and T's crossed. I look forward to having us all be able to concentrate on more external
           comm so we can really get out there to our constituents and let them know we're serving
           them in such a variety of ways (it's not just AGIA all the time, they need to know! :) ).
           It seems we're missing opportunities to tell alaskans the good things going on in the
           state, we need to shift gears and get into that mode.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



           Date: Tue, 27 May 2008 14:42:06

           To:"Randy Ruaro" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re: Military




           Not your fault be it was confirmed for the event organizer that someone from the Gov's
           office would be there (as evidenced by their printed program announcing Gov's Proclamation
           following Pres. Proclamation), if not me then someone else... so if I had not been able to
           attend surely someone on staff (Mark, Colleen, Rosanne, Jerry, McHugh, etc) was planning
           on being there - and someone would have the proclamation in hand. I was worried that
           something happened to Jerry (or McHugh) on the way out, as he was on board to do the
           Valley event, per Kris and Janice's email from that morning.



           We can make sure event organizers have in their possession a copy of proc's in the future
           - I noticed her binder had not only her talking points but all items others were planning
           to present.



           Also, with that event, I could have done both the Anchorage and Valley events afterall, as
           Stevens attended both and wasn't late for ours... I had been under the impression we
           couldn't do the big Anchorage event be a choice had to be made due to their overlapping.
           Hopefully we can sched better these external events that mean a lot to folks so I can do
           as much as possible for them. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----
                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0018375
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 27 May 2008 06:32:39

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: Military




           Governor:




           I will check with Kelly on a bill signing event for the hunting / fishing licenses.



           On the proclamation, I have to take full responsibility. I should have had Abby print out
           the proclamation and get a copy on your desk. I also thought Mr. Beale would attend with
           the proclamation.  In the future, I will have proclamations printed out and forwarded to
           Kris to hold.



           Randy




            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Tue 5/27/2008 6:06 AM

           To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Campbell, Craig (MVA); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Cc: Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon
           W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)

           Subject: Military




           What event is being planned for recognizing our uniformed Alaskans who'll now receive the
           hunting/fishing licenses that we worked on this session? These troops are worthy of a good
           event to announce the benefit they can receive.



           Pls let me know when and where we'll do this before their fishing season really kicks off.
           Thanks



           Also- Randy- any word on what happened yesterday with the missing proclamation at the Mem
                                                        2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0018376
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Day ceremony?

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                        3
