Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Wednesday, May 28, 2008 9:04 AM
               To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: To my favorite kinds of people.....




               From : tcluther@gci.net [mailto:tcluther@gcl.net]
               Sent: Monday, May 26, 2008 10:26 AM
               To: Data Lund; Walt Darran; VA batteries; Susan Brown; Steve Stevens; steve strickland; Sally Bowers;
               Roland Cusson; Paul Bowers; Patrick Thurston; NEIL HANSEN; Lund, Yaroslav C PFC NG NG NGB;
               LDJessup; KIRK MCFARLIN; Joshua Luther; Jose & Jane Perez; jodilu@earthlink.net; 'John McCain'; Jim
               Pearson; Jesse Walton; JC & Lora Whitney; Jack Knotts; Harold Steams; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV
               sponsored); Gary Doyle; Gene Thompson; Gary & Cela Keeton; Frank C. Bonansingo; Duane Keele; DICK
               ELDER; David Luther; Chuck Lund; Chuck Hogan; Charles Hollenbeck; Brenda Vanness-Crista; Bob
               Doran; barry.poston@shell.com
               Subject: To my favorite kinds of people.....

               Hi fellow vets and wives and moms,

               Happy Memorial day to you all and a short thought for the ones who are not
               with us. I can't believe how long my vet pal address list is! Good folks all.

               All is well with the Terry Luther family here in beautiful Alaska. It is a 65
               degree day here with sunshine and blue sky. A CAVU day for sure in pilot
               language.

               I felt a nostalgic thought this morning as I sent son Shaun off to fight
               wildfires. He's a State of Alaska Type 2 Initial Attack Team member and loves
               it immensely. As he went out the door with nomex, backpack and all (50#
               backpack) I thanked God he wasn't also carrying a M-16 and had a USMC/US
               Army something on his nomex shirt. I can't reconcile myself to him being at
               risk as I was, and many of you were, for so many years. A dad's failing I
               guess . He's a very extraordinary young man bound for Cal Poly to be an
               Aerospace Engineer in September.

               My God! I'.ll be alone with Cindy!!!!

               My prayers are with all of you. A from the heart thanks for what you've done
               for America.

               Our best,


               Terry, Cindy and Shaun



               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0018396
