Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:    teedah@gci.net on behalf of Bill Arnold [teedah@gci.net]
               Sent:    Wednesday, May 28, 2008 8:49 AM
               To:      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
               Cc:      Harris; John (LAA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: AGIA discussion on Radio Kenai (KSRM) 9-10 am on 5-27-2008
               Dear Ms. Rutherford,

               You and I had a discussion yesterday about where physically the petro-
               chemicals would be scrubbed out of the gas line going to Alberta . The end
               result is (as you stated ) that would be accomplished in Alberta and we
               would receive our rightful share probably 1/8th or 12-1/2% as a guess.
               Then you went on to state if the gas went to Asia (Pacific Rim) that they
               wanted "hot" gas and the only petro -chemical we could scrub out is I
               believe propane?

               I thought the whole thrust of the State was to provide "value added" jobs for
               all Alaskans? How can this be accomplished when the all of the scrubbing
               is going to be done in Alberta ? We have rail , water shipping ports galore in
               Alaska. We have to do the petro- chemical extraction strictly within Alaska
               and charge the oil companies 87-1/2 % of our cost for this service!

               The "hot" gas issue to Asia doesn 't meet the acid test in my opinion. In
               Nikiski we already strip out the petro-chemicals and ship the resulting dry
               gas to Japan . We have done this for many years.

               I feel that Trans-Canada has earned the right to be the prime pipeline
               contractor for whatever project happens within the State of Alaska but with
               the "caveat" of a total Alaska workforce hire, period. Trans Canada is
               experienced the Canadian Arctic.

               It seems like you have a preconceived agenda for Alberta and that's not fair
               to all Alaskans. You stated Asia wanted "hot" gas as referenced supra. I
               suspect the meetings you and your team are holding statewide are more
               "dog and pony shows" strictly for Alberta!

               The legislature I hope will look closely at all options instead of strictly
               focusing on Alberta.

               I am fast getting the impression that the petro- chemicals are more valuable
               than the "dry" gas . You in my opinion may have "tunnel vision" in-so-far as
               (what is "just" for all working Alaskans ) by strictly focusing on Alberta for


                10/15/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0018397
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


               petro-chemical extraction! Start looking at the entire forest instead of the first
               layer of trees!

               Bill Arnold
               Sterling




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0018398
