Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N=J LMASO N]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, May 28 , 2008 5:16 PM
           To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: few things


           Governor - this is a great idea and we will work on the fits into JNU and also work Erika
           on this.  Janice

           --------------------------

           Sent using BlackBerry




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Sent: Wed May 28 17:08:25 2008

           Subject: Re: few things




           Shoot- I was thinking June was the month that became available for th KA. (I must have
           been wishing instead of listening to you!).



           The bbq sounds great. Todd and I need to find available seats then to get down there. We
           can't travel the day before b/c Monday will be an interview day in Anchorage (and bill
           signing). If there are no tuesday fits then we'll do the bbq the next day.



           I trust you two will notify Erika re: her role in organizing the event.



           I've been waiting to hear on the AGIA sched also so I can know if I'm coming or going down
           there. We'll be doing bill signings in different areas in june- probably following the
           path of lawmakers who plan to take AGIA on the road, as they've promised to do.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>



           Date: Wed, 28 May 2008 16:56:18

                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018429
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: few things




           I am not sure what your plan is for the be g inning of the session in terms of being in
           Juneau. I would recommend Privile ed or Personal Material Redacted            know Kelly was
           going to talk with you about your schedu l e.



           I also wanted to suggest that you invite Legislators to a reception at the house for a
           catered BBQ of sorts, Tuesday night (hope the weather is still good) just to welcome them
           back etc. I talked to Kelly this morning and she too thought that might be a good idea.



           I asked for a Legislative plan for AGIA and have not seen one yet. I requested that Pat
           and Tom put together an agenda, calendar, and a current vote count as they see it. I have
           not seen anything from them yet. I know they were busy with the AGIA presentation this
           week but Pat and Joe thought they could have something to me today.



           As for the Public Safety plane, (King Air) I indicated to you last week that Walt said the
           plane would be available to you July lst. I will work with Kris and Janice to see if we
           can map out a rural community tour for you during July and August. I will also have a
           better idea on charter plane costs to see if that will be a viable alternative for
           consideration for the month of June or to supplement your July and August travel.



           I will be in Anchorage tomorrow and Friday.



           Mike




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018430
