Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, May 28, 2008 4:59 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Todd; Morgan; Katryn L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject :                Re: Marines Visit


           Oh my gosh that's so cool Janice- thanks so much for taking the time to share that w/me.
           There was something unique about that little, quick, informal event yesterday - I just
           felt like such "mom" all of a sudden to those young men -they were so sweet and innocent
           and patriotic! Pray for their safety, please.

           And thanks to Kate for her awesome speech she wrote - and to all of you for putting it all
           together yesterday. It ended up being an event that reminded me how important it is for me
           to prioritize time so we can give it to those we truly are honored to serve. Thanks, all!

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            ----Original Message-----

           From: " Mason,   Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>



           Date: Wed, 28 May 2008 16:44:56

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:Todd <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>,"Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)" <kate.morgan@alaska.gov>,"Perry,
           Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Marines Visit




           Governor - I wanted to let you know that I received a call approximately 20 minutes after
           you had left Elmendorf (Marines Deployment) yesterday. The Major called to just once
           again thank us all for putting this together on such short notice. The Major stated that
           once you had given your remarks and interacted with the Marines and Families he knew that
           those being deployed were now okay with going. It was like a peace had settled over them.
             It is so great to receive these kinds of calls and I wanted to make sure this was
           conveyed to you. Janice




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018431
