Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Wednesday, May 28, 2008 10:29 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Talking points - polar bears


            What time is polar bear?

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Wed, 28 May 2008 10:15:08

            To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: Talking points - polar bears




            Talking Points - Polar Bears




            U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne has decided to list the polar bear as threatened
            under the Endangered Species Act.



            The State of Alaska intends to sue. WHY?




            I'm not a scientist, so I won't be addressing the science, per se. But, in general, our
            reasoning is:



                       The evidence is not there to support this listing.



                    Polar bear populations, right now, have increased dramatically over the last 30
           years. That has happened because the Marine Mammal Protection Act has worked. It's done
           its job.



                   Listing the polar bear under the Endangered Species Act is not going to provide
           any ADDITIONAL protection for these magnificent animals..




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018449
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   This listing is based on speculation - on computer models forecasting the effects
           of global warming on the polar bear far into the future.



                   The bottom line is, the Endangered Species Act is not the right tool to address
           impacts to a species from climate change.



                   Now, the Secretary did recognize that oil and gas activities are already regulated
           under the Marine Mammal Protection Act to prevent impacts to the polar bear and do not
           pose a threat to the polar bear - so there is an exemption there, and we appreciate that,
           BUT ...



                   As Governor of Alaska, my priority is to ensure that in all our decision making,
           we must balance the need to preserve and protect our incredible wildlife with careful and
           responsible development of Alaska's vast natural resources. Alaska is a resource-rich
           state, and resource development fuels our state's economy. And that means jobs for our
           people, a strong, healthy economy now and for the future, too. For our children and our
           grandchildren. If the environmentalists have their way and oil and gas development are
           shut down on Alaska's North Slope, the economic impact to our state would be catastrophic.
           So there's a lot at stake. And not only just for Alaska, but for America, as we are facing
           record-high fuel prices.



           ·       While the State of Alaska is challenging this listing, we remain committed to
           ensuring that Alaska's polar bears are conserved. We will continue to monitor Alaska's
           polar bear populations and their behaviors in relation to changing sea ice conditions.



                     As soon as Secretary Kempthorne issued his decision to list the Polar Bear as
            Threatened, the Governor directed the Department of Law to review the decision.




                    While we appreciate the secretary's recognition that oil and gas activities are
           already regulated under the Marine Mammal Protection Act to prevent impacts to the polar
           bear, and do not pose a threat to the polar bear, we believe that the decision to list was
           fundamentally a bad decision.




                     DOL is currently working on a draft civil complaint challenging the listing
            determination under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA).



            DOL is continuing to monitor the ongoing litigation (CBD case) related to the polar bear
            in the Northern District of California, and will consider intervention in that lawsuit if
            it becomes clear that the court in that case intends to address substantive rather than
            just procedural issues.



            We believe that:



                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0018450
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    the secretary erred in his unprecedented listing of a currently healthy
           population based on uncertain modeling of future climate change and even more uncertain
           speculation regarding impacts of that change.




                    the secretary's decision to list a currently healthy species was not based solely
           on the best available scientific and commercial information as required by the ESA




                    The agency violated the ESA by failing to base its decision "solely on the basis
           of the best scientific and commercial data available




           ,Sharon Leighow

           Deputy Press Secretary

           Deputy Communications Director



            (907) 269-7450 Anchorage

            (907) 465-4031 Juneau

            (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0018451
