Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Wednesday, May 28, 2008 3:03 PM
               To:       'Robison; Ronda'
               Subject: RE: Invitation - Anchorage Fire Department's Open House Saturday, May 31st
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.


               From: Robison, Ronda [mailto:RobisonR@ci.anchorage.ak.us]
               Sent: Wednesday, May 28, 2008 2:39 PM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Invitation - Anchorage Fire Departments Open House Saturday, May 31st

               Dear Governor Palin:

                       Anchorage Fire Department to Hold Annual Open House Saturday, May 31

               The Anchorage Fire Department and the Anchorage Firefighters Local 1264 are pleased to
               announce Its Annual Open House scheduled for Saturday, May 315` from 10:00 a.m. until
               4:00 p.m. It is being held behind the AFD Fire Training Center & Fire Station 3, at 1140
               Airport Heights.

               Activities include a Kiddie Firefighter Combat Challenge, bicycle helmet fittings by Safe Kids
               Alaska, and educational booths from the Red Cross and the MOA Office of Emergency
               Management. Fire Department specialty teams will be demonstrating their rescue .
               techniques, including structural collapse, swift-water rescue, rope rescue, and vehicle
               extrication. AFD will have on display several fire trucks, engines and the wildfire
               suppression helicopter, Rotor-One. LifeGuard Alaska will have on display their fixed-wing
               air ambulance.

               Live music will be provided by the U.S. Air Force Band of the Pacific and a free BBQ provided
               by the Anchorage Fire Department and Anchorage Firefighters Local 1264.




               Craig P. Goodrich
               Fire Chief
               Anchorage Fire Department




               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSPOI 0018461
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Re: Winterberry Grant in Capital Budget                                                                    Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:        Wednesday, May 28, 2008 10:02 AM
               To:          'Shanna Mall'
               Subject: RE: Winterberry Grant in Capital Budget
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions , and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion, or comment.



               From: Shanna Mall [mailto: mall_shanna@asdkl2.org]
               Sent: Wednesday, May 28, 2008 8:52 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Feldman, James (LAA); Cross-Call, Jesse (LAA)
               Cc: Melissa Janigo
               Subject : Re: Winterberry Grant in Capital Budget

               May 28, 2008

               RE: Project Information:
               Title: Winterberry Charter School Technology Books, and Supplies Grant
               Amount : $10,000
               Page and Line : 119,15

               Dear Governor Palin:

               I am writing to thank you for approving the funding of the grant, as detailed above, for Winterberry Charter
               School. These funds will provide materials for our middle school students and resources for our teachers. Such
               support will allow us to more fully meet our incoming students' needs. We are grateful to have such support and
               continued dedication to the quality education of Alaskan students.

               Sincerely,

               Shanna Mall

               Administrator
               Winterberry Charter School
               508 W 2nd Avenue
               Anchoroye , AK 99501
               907.301.1201


               It is aliveness that must be the guiding principk.
               Joy and happiness in living, a love of all existence,
               a power and energy for work- The need for imagination,
               o sense of truth and a feeling of responsibility-
               these are the three forces which are the wry
               nerve of education."
                                      -Rudolf Steiner




               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0018462
