Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Wednesday, May 28, 2008 9:03 AM
            To:                     Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Stapleton;
                                    Meghan (DNR sponsored)
            Subject:                Re: Tough day at the office


            It all ended well. Nan was awesome w/assistance in the interviews to remind reporters of
            our regulatory regime and history. I was surprised it seemed the reporters didn't know
            much. It all ended well though! And now we're here! And it shall get even better with a
            YAY vote from legislators!

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Anders, Bruce F (DNR)" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 27 May 2008 17:59:23

            To:ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
            <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
            <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Stapleton, Meghan (DNR'sponsored)"
            <Meghan.Stapleton@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Tough day at the office




            Governor,



            Sounds like today was, well, a challenge. I and others let you down, and I apologize.
            Just got off the phone with Meg, we were trying to come up with a methodology to ensure
            you are not left, unprepared again. An interesting (and maddening) dynamic, with too many
            cooks in the kitchen, but they're all in the backyard when you need one. We can fix that.



            If it is any consolation, it went great in Kenai -- rave support for our process and TC
            Alaska at a jam-packed Chamber and on KSRM. I think the others experienced similar
            results elsewhere at to big events.



            Two points:



            First, as to your Forbes interview on Thursday, Meg and I will ensure your have notes in
            hand tomorrow, as well as an assistant to be with you during the interview. Is there
            somebody specific you request? We can turn whoever you need loose from the Forum. I
            strongly recommend Marty.




                                                                   I




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0018467
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Second, re your Forum speech tomorrow, Meg said that Kris had passed along that you are
           not interested in "reading another book." I agree. You've been there done that re the
           minutiae of the findings. I would suggest something very simple, basically just an
           introduction, along these lines:


         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Let me know if you would like Meg or my help.       We stand ready to assist.



           Bruce




                                                           2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0018468
