Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Wednesday, May 28, 2008 9:16 AM
            To:                       erika. monahan@gmail.com
            Subject:                  RE: Support Kincaid Park Project


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Erika Monahan [mailto:erika.monahan@gmail.com)

            Sent: Tuesday, May 27, 2008 12:03 AM

            To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

            Cc: Parnell, Sean R (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

            Subject: Support Kincaid Park Project



            Dear Governor   Pallin,




            I'm writing to ask you to approve funding for the Kincaid Park Project

            in the Capital Budget.



           This is an investment that fits squarely under the government's

           obligation to promote the general welfare. With governments

           increasingly playing roles in funding treatment of and dealing with

           mental and physical health problems that are in part attributable to

           insufficient activity, a wise government will invest in developing

           healthy active recreational venues for its citizens. Kincaid is an

           investment that will pay tremendous public health dividends for the

           community.    And the benefits extend beyond the wholly sufficient

           objective of promoting public health.           A world class nordic ski

           facility stands to bring much attention and visitors to Anchorage in

           coming years, which will benefit the local economy.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018465
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sincerely,



            Dr. Erika Monahan

            University of Alaska Anchorage

            Dept. of History



            PS-Congratulations on your new addition to your




            "I put my money on the sun and solar energy. What a source of power! I

            hope we don't have to wait until oil and coal run out before we tackle

            that. I wish I had more years left."

                   --Thomas Alva Edison, 1931




            Pet Trick shorts! Dakota shuts the door: http://youtube.com/watch?v=NCdMgWuuYNw




                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0018466
