  Unknown

   From :   McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [[O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
  Sent:     Thursday, September 11, 2008 9:38 AM
  To:       'Todd Palin '
  Subject: FW: Dear Sarah.. .from Alaskans that have always supported you!
  Todd,

  Am passing on this email from Cindy Roque, a former Dillingham woman - just in case
  she's a family friend and you want to might hear from her.


  From : Cindy Roque [mailto:roquedlg@gmail.com]
  Sent: Wednesday, September 10, 2008 10:31 PM
  To: McAllister, William D (GOV); McBride, Rhonda (GOV); Crome, Cora I (GOV)
  Subject: Fwd: Dear Sarah...from Alaskans that have always supported you!

  Still trying to get ahold of Sarah.   Please pass on.

  ---------- Forwarded message ----------
  From: Cindy Roque <roquedlg_(a^gmail.com>
  Date: Wed, Sep 10, 2008 at 11:19 PM
  Subject: Dear Sarah ...from Alaskans that have always supported you!
  To: sarah.palin@alaska.gov, mbkrdk@starband.net

  Dear Sarah:

  Humbly, and yes, I did shed a few tears of joy and maybe a sense of loss as I watched this past
  couple weeks as our Governor Sarah has taken on America and will soon be leaving Alaska. I
  watch with hope and optimism that she's doing the right thing as she's jumping into the politics
  that have been untapped by any Alaska politician... yes, our Sarah, our Governor Palin is a
  candidate for the Vice-President of the United States. It's almost unbelievable, but I'm
  personally embracing her enthusiasm. No, it's not because she's a woman, it's not because she's
  beautiful... it's because it's what we need now in America.

  Alaska's been touched Sarah's beliefs and it's only Alaskan to share her wisdom, courage and
  strength... we've been awed by Mrs. Palin, or politically, Ms. Palin.. we've watched as the
  media has tried to attack any corner or crumb of her and her family and regardless of it, I'm
  proud, I'm proud I'm Alaskan.

  Governor Palin has taken the bull by the horns and off she goes.... She sees the impact of the
  economic crisis on Alaska and now America and she's moving... she sees the how desperate folks
  are trying to keep food on the table and the lights on and she's sharing the wealth... isn't that what
  Alaskans do? Regardless of how the next 60 days shake out - let's applaud her guts, her glory,
  her wisdom -- Alaska's making history today and Sarah, we thank you.

  God Bless you and your family,

  Cindy, Ramon and RoxAnn Roque           Dillingham/Seattle, WA (206-733-0360)

                                                                                         ROSTON 02861

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
  Tricia Ward Germany

  (PS --- I'm in "America" and would love to host your campaign in Roslyn, Washington (where Northern
  Exposure was filmed --- it's my hometown)... the big guys at the fancy resort have offered to do a
  fundraiser for you--- and the town of loggers, miners and working people that have been consumed by
  big business want to meet you because you're too good to be true! Please try to add us to your
  campaign trail!




                                                                                   ROSTON 02862

  10/15/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
