Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, May 29, 2008 4:43 PM
           To:                      Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Budget Op-Ed


           Pls submit to all publications, not just ADN. Was a spot requested and reserved with
           Zencey at ADN? And if there's the fear that the op-ed is not timely any more so may not be
           accepted to run, then it's all the more reason why it should have been written a week ago
           as I had assumed it would be. (Even during the veto exercise it could have been crafted...
           certainly it could have been written immediatley after wrapping up the budget.). The last
           two days of tweaking this was necessary because the first draft I saw of it did not arrive
           on my desk until I had to request it, and then it was certainly not a final product -
           there was a lot of tweaking that had to be done before the product was to be released to
           Alaskans. Hopefully we'll soon be able to be more proactive and "out front" on important
           messages that Alaskans need to hear. Thanks

           Sent from my Bl;ackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>




           Date: Thu, 29 May 2008 16:37:32

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: Budget Op-Ed




           Governor, this is the final that all 10 of us have finally agreed to.

           Randy and Karen had substantive edits, which were very helpful. Many

           others have weighed in as well. The main concern has been Privileged orPe

          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


        Privileged or Personal   There was also a LOT of tweaking that has gone on over

           the course of two days -- tweaking numbers, tweaking the exact wording

           of everything. My concern is that it has taken so long for this piece to

           be written by a committee that Matt won't even run it now because it is

           too old and stale. Let's hope he will still run it. Once you approve, I

           will give this to Sharon to send to him. Here it is:


      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                   I




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0018525
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0018526
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018527
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                          4
