Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROU PICN=RECIPIENTSICN =TJCOLBERG]
           Sent:                    Thursday, May 29 , 2008 4:57 PM
           To:                      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
           Subject:                 Fw: E-Mail from Hawaii AG Mark Bennett


           Dear governor palin.     Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


           Privile ed   Talis.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Mark.J.Bennett@hawaii.gov <Mark.J.Bennett@hawaii.gov>

           To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

           Sent: Fri May 23 10:01:41 2008

           Subject: E-Mail from Hawaii AG Mark Bennett




           Dear Attorney General Colberg:




                        I am e-mailing (and also separately writing) to ask you to please join the
           amicus brief Washington (Jay D. Geck, Deputy Solicitor General (360) 586-2697,
           jayg@atg.wa.gov) is writing on behalf of Hawaii, asking the Supreme Court to grant
           certiorari in the case of Hawaii v. Office of Hawaiian Affairs (Hawaii's petition was
           authored by former Solicitor General Seth Waxman ).  The deadline for signing on is Friday,
           May 30, 2008, and the amicus brief will be filed Monday, June 2, 2008. I believe all
           states have a significant interest in the issues raised by this case.



                        As with every state admitted to the Union after the original thirteen
           colonies, the United States granted Hawaii lands at statehood. These lands amount to
           about one-third of the entire land area of Hawaii and almost all land now owned by Hawaii.
           In 1993, Congress passed a symbolic resolution apologizing for the United States's role in
           the overthrow of the Hawaiian monarchy. Congress has, more than once, considered or
           adopted words of apology for historic wrongs visited upon the aboriginal inhabitants of
           North America, and there are more such resolutions pending and possible in the future --
           resolutions that could affect many states.



                        The Hawaii Supreme Court held that this symbolic resolution was direct action
           by the Congress stripping Hawaii of its sovereign authority to sell or transfer the lands
           Hawaii received at statehood from the United States, unless and until Hawaii reaches a
           political settlement with native Hawaiians about the status of that land and aboriginal
           claims regarding that land.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                        The Hawaii Supreme Court ruling wrongly turned an apology from Congress into
           a federal law that has impaired state sovereignty, state law ownership, and the prudent
           management of state lands. The Supreme Court of Hawaii's interpretation of the Apology
           Act should be reviewed by the Supreme Court because, under core values of federalism, the
           Hawaii court's interpretation is inconsistent with limits on Congressional powers to alter
           a sovereign state's title to lands granted at statehood.



                        The United States Supreme Court's correction of this erroneous decision will
           inure to the benefit of all states, as clearly the powers attributed by the Hawaii Supreme
           Court to the Congress are powers that the Congress does not possess.



                        An amicus memorandum has been distributed by NAAG, and a draft amicus brief
           will shortly be circulated by Washington. Please feel free to call me directly on this
           matter (808) 586-1282 (w) or (808) 372-1404 (c).



                        This matter is extremely important to Hawaii , and I would very much
           appreciate it if you are able to join Washington ' s amicus brief.



                                                   Mark Bennett




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018524
