Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I



                 Printing, GOV (GOV sponsored)

                 From:    Mason , Janice L (GOV)
                 Sent:    Thursday, May 29, 2008 8:39 AM
                 To:      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Briefing - Clem Tillion Meeting today, Thurs. 05.29.08 - 10:30 a.m.

               Governor -

               Briefing for Clem Tillion Meeting today, Thurs., 05.29. 08 at 10:30 a.m. - ANC Governor's Office of The
               Governor (received from Cora Crome). I will have copy printed out for you this morning at the office.

               Clem has made it known that he wants the Governor to make a statement about supporting small boat
               fisheries and onshore processing that he can take to the Board of Fish and the legislature to advance
               his agenda. He is a representative of the City of Adak, which relies heavily on fish taxes from their only
               processor, Adak Fisheries, for operating revenue. Adak currently has a population of around 140
               people and has struggled to establish itself as a viable community since the Aleut Corporation received
              .the island and naval facilities after the base closed in 1997.

               Adak has consistently asked for special fishing and processing rights from Congress , the North Pacific
               Council , and the Board of Fisheries . Congress , through a Stevens 'rider, granted the Aleut corporation
               exclusive rights to catch a percentage of the pollock available in the Aleutian Islands . This was
               controversial since Ben Stevens held an option to buy a portion of Adak Fisheries at the time , the value
               of which was probably increased by the pollock allocation . The Board of Fisheries has taken several
               actions to provide a state waters cod fishery in the area.. However, Adak continues to struggle due to
               difficulties with their processor and competition from other communities and. processors.

               Clem would like more crab to be processed in Adak . We are in the process at the North Pacific
               Council of amending the crab program to make more'crab available for processing at Adak , so this
               concern is being addressed.

               He also wants an exclusive right to process cod for Adak fisheries . I have told Clem that while we will
               work to encourage cod processing in Adak , we will not grant them a monopoly and force fishermen to
               deliver to their processor. Instead , we are working through the council process to make some smaller
               changes to encourage more processing onshore.

               His other goal is to develop a small boat cod fishery near Adak . The Board of Fish can consider
               whether to limit the cod fishery to smaller vessels in order to help develop the small boat fleet in Adak.
               I have told Clem I believe they are willing to consider it and have discussed the concept with the chair
               and vice-chair of the board.

               In short, we are working to meet every reasonable request Clem has made.

              The topic of council appointments may also come up. Clem is no fan of Gerry Merrigan because Gerry
              refuses to go along with Ciem's agenda . I have told Clem that it is too early to decide whether to
              reappoint someone whose term doesn 't expire until August 2009. Gerry is a knowledgeable, hard
              working council member who has a lot of support from other fishermen and groups.




               7/6/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018550
