Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, May 30, 2008 3:54 PM
           To:                      benjamin4@acsalaska.net
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: benjamin4@acsalaska.net

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Rick Benjamin

           9321 Strutz Ave

           Anchorage, AK 99507

           Phone:907-346-3164

           Email:benjamin4@acsalaska.net

          Message: Governor Palin;



          I am on the board of Hilltop Ski Area (Youth Exploring Adventure Inc.).    My kids have
          used Hilltop for several years.  Many don't know Hilltop is a non-profit corporation.   We
          do a lot for other good organizations - Special Olympics, Challenge Alaska, etc. We are
          trying to be responsible and just paid off a loan from the Municipality of Anchorage
          (ahead of time, with interest).



          Please keep us in this budget.    The improvements to our first-aid function will greatly
          increase safety and quality at Hilltop.    The investment is small compared to the entire
          state budget, and the rewards will be long-lasting. As a board we are committed to find
          matching funds from the privates sector.



          You have my support and prayer in all the responsibilities you carry for Alaska.



          Thanks for reading this and helping us.

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 0018560
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sincerely,    Rick Benjamin

           YEA Board

           Pastor, Abbott Loop Community Church




                                                         2
