Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, May 30,2008 12:53 PM
           To:                      kornmuller@mtaonline.net
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: kornmuller@mtaonline.net

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Jean Kornmuller

           PO Box 314

           Willow, AK 99688

           Phone:NULL

           Email:kornmuller@mtaonline.net

           Message:Please do not fund the request for $100k to pay for power connect to a piece of
           land supposedly for the Willow Area Senior association.



           There is a couple that claims to represent the Willow Area Seniors; however, they apply
           for funding for things that only benefit themselves. They pursue land without regard to
           the long term benefit to the community, and somehow keep supporting themselves while
           contributing nothing to improve the welfare of the Willow Seniors or anyone else in our
           community.



           Please do not fund, grant, or otherwise support,           the requests made by supposedly on behalf
           of the Willow Area Seniors.



           This ridiculous project is a pathetic attempt to disguise a special interest project- the
           land not connected to other senior campus housing site - not even a &quot;campus&quot;
           type project.



           Application info:
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018568
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            willow        area   senior           association

            Total Project Snapshot Report

            FY 2009 Capital Budget

            TPS Report 50552

            Agency : Commerce , Community and Economic Development

            Grants to Named Recipients         ( AS 37.05.316)

            Grant Recipient: Willow Area Seniors, Inc.

            Project Title:

           Willow Area Seniors, Inc . - Bring Power to Willow Area

           Senior Campus

           State Funding Requested : $ 100,000

           House District: 15 - H

           One-Time Need

           Brief Project Description:

           Funding to bring a power extension to the new Willow Area Senior Campus.

           Funding Plan:

           Total Cost of Project : $ 100,000




                                                                  2
