Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govJ
            Sent:                   Friday, May 30, 2008 10:25 AM
            To:                     norwejohn @gci.net
            Subject:                RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: norwejohn@gci.net

            Sent: None

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           John Jensen

           7901 E. 130th Avenue

           Anchorage, AK 99516

           Phone:NULL

           Email:norwejohn@gci.net

           Message:I hope that you do some thoughtful budget cutting. There is too much pork in
           this year's budget.  I remember when costly budgets led to local inflation and work for
           even more non residents. Let's spread the money out over a longer period of time. Oil
           prices will not be this high forever.

                    On the subject of an energy rebate card, I have mixed feelings about that but I
           suggest that, if this comes to pass, you consider paying people in some areas of Alaska
           more according to existing cost of living indexes or pay differentials. I strongly
           support spending money on long term solutions to our energy costs. These should have a
           long term payback.   Examples are wind and hydroelectric power, some solar power,
           geothermal, wave and tidal power and so forth. Not all of these things will pan out but
           let's not be afraid to try something new. That would be superior to some of the above
           referenced pork projects.    Some subsidies for energy conservation new construction and
           retrofits might be financially defensible also.

                     Lastly, please do not take up partial birth abortion during a special session.
           This is a divisive emotional issue that is not very likely to be solved in a two week
           period along with the main reason for any special session.




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018581
