Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) pO=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
               Sent:     Friday , May 30, 2008 10:14 AM
               To:       Marjorie Payton -Hewlett
                Subject: RE: SAVEC/CH2M Hill Electrical Apprentices Graduation
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.



               From: Marjorie Payton-Hewlett [mailto: marjorie@savec.org]
               Sent: Thursday, May 29, 2008 5:44 PM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: SAVEC/CH2M Hill Electrical Apprentices Graduation


               CH2M HILL and Southwest Alaska Vocational an Education Center (SAVEC) would like to extend an
               invitation to join us for the graduation of the Electrical training lass on Saturday , 6/7. The ceremony will
               begin at 5 pm at the SAVEC campus located on the King Salmon Air Force Base.

               Our current program is similar to the previous class , General Maintenance Technicians , we taught in
               March/April. CH2M HILL has again supplied instructors from our North Slope jobsite and will be
               extending offers to all students who successfully complete this three week course . We currently have 19
               students participating and they represent a broad portion of Southwest Alaska . There are also two
               individuals from Southeast attending our Electrical training.

               This graduation will be an occasion to celebrate the many partnerships who have made it possible to train
               and employ these Alaskan residents . On that same note , we would like to see what you can bring to the
               table, literally . There will be dinner following the brief graduation ceremony and if you are interested in
               bringing a dish to make this a potluck setting we will celebrate together.

               We would also like to notify those who are flying into King Salmon that Pen Air and Alaska Airlines have
               multiple flights that are conducive to making this a daytrip.

               Please RSVP to Annette Wilson at annetteCcasavec. org if you plan to attend. Please let us know your
               arrival time as shuttle service will be provided from the airport to SAVEC. Hope to see you here.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0018596
