Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Monday, June 02 , 2008 4:45 PM
             To:                     smwilliams@gci.net
             Subject:                RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin.. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            .being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original Message-----

             From: smwilliams@gci.net

            Sent: None

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Subject: Budget



            susan williams

            1411 Atkinson Drive

            Anchorage , AK 99504

            Phone:907-337-6741

            Email:smwilliams @gci.net

            Message:I am disappointed in the thought you would consider cutting any part of the
            capitol budget. At a time when there are record oil prices the state has tons of excess
            money. Cuts makes no sense to me.



            The legislators put money aside and there is still money to help projects around the
            state. In the 80's when the treasury was hurting I could understand hard to swallow cuts
            but NOW is our chance to catch up. From villages who have been neglected to Anchorage the
            corner stone of the state the needs are great. When I voted for you I thought you were the
            people's governor but what I have seen is no different than Frank. Just a different power
            ego.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018644
