  Unknown

  From :    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
  Sent:     Wednesday, September 17, 2008 9:51 PM
  To:                rej
  Subject: A Difficult Decision
  Todd,

  I'm not sure I have your wife's correct e-mail. It bounced back. Can you pass this on
  to the Governor. I cc'd it to Kris Perry & Mike Nizich.

  Dear Sarah,

  I've come to a difficult decision: to return to journalism. It's not at all logical - but
  rather, a decision that comes from the gut. Being a reporter is too deeply drilled into my
  DNA.

  I can't thank you enough for the opportunity, as well as the trust and faith you have
  placed in me. I have also enjoyed knowing and working with Todd. His passion, like
  mine, is for Rural Alaska . So I hope both of you will understand why I feel I can do
  more for Rural Alaska as a reporter.

  It has been a privilege to serve in your administration. Thank you for the opportunity to
  travel and explore the issues - to come to know the fine people who are called to public
  service. They are so unappreciated.



                                           geicicx4e_^




                                                                               ROSTON 02895
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
                                  'R CA cj^ C_-^e-8




  There is so much more I'd like to say to you, but you are on a journey where every moment is
  precious. And I have taken up far too much of your time.

  Please know this: I will do everything in my power to turn this transition into a win-win.

  I talked with Mike Nizich today about the departure date. I would like to stay on through the
  end of AFN. So this will give you some time to weigh your next step.
  (AFN is Oct. 23rd-251h.).

  Whatever your destiny may be, whether it is to serve our great state or nation , or both, I will
  always wish you well and feel grateful for the chance you gave me to learn and grow.

  May we each continue to grow -- and serve in the way that God would want us to. His plan is
  hard to see, but I feel a strong pull to go back to my roots.

  With affection and respect...

  Rhonda


  Rhonda McBride
  Rural Affairs Advisor
  Office of the Governor
  Atwood Building, Suite 1700
  550 West 7th Avenue
  Anchorage, Alaska 99501
  Tel: (907) 269-7451
  E-Mail:   Rhonda.McBride(a^alaska.gov




                                                                                    ROSTON 02896
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
