Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                   Monday, June 02, 2008 10:50 AM
           To:                     ortizd@kpunet.net
           Subject:                RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment..



           -----Original Message-----

           From: ortizd@kpunet.net

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Louisa Ortiz

           P.O. Box 5001

           Ketchikan, AK 99901

           Phone:907-225-7309

           Email:ortizd@kpunet.net

           Message:Dear Governor Palin,




           My name is Louisa Ortiz and I am a freshman at Ketchikan High School. This year I had the
           privilege of playing for the Lady Kings soccer team. Of course, I had a great experience,
           but I would also call it painful. I'm writing to you in support of a turf field in
          Ketchikan, because honestly, it is way overdue. I've been playing soccer since I was five
          years old, and every single year as the soccer season starts up, so do the torn up legs
          and arms. I love soccer, and I would never let having to deal with the gravel stop me from
          playing, but the truth is that the injuries my teammates and I sustain from falling and
          sliding on the rocky surface, often times causes us to miss some of the games we have in
          our short season. In soccer, the rule is: &quot;no blood on the field!&quot; Well, soccer
          is a contact sport, and sometimes this means ending up on the ground. Playing on a gravel
          field pretty much guarantees that for every fall there is going to be a bloody scrape, and
          time spent on the bench. My team and I are tired of coming home from practices and games
          with needless injuries. Their definitely a low point of an otherwise great game.    We've
          spent all of our soccer careers envying Juneau's turf, and wishing we could magically fly
          up to play all of our games there. .     But the real solution is to build a turf field for
          our selves.  Just last weekend, we played a series of home games against Juneau and I
          really cut up both of my knees and hip badly. From experience, I would guess that the
          scars are going to last for a couple of months. If we had had a turf field here, maybe
          this wouldn't have happened.  It's not this that I care about the most though. Like I've
          said, I've learned to deal with the blood. It's the fact that a turf field in Ketchikan
          would improve our program, and let us play, without worries, soccer with the intensity
          that we're capable of.


                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018686
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I admire the improvements you have made in our home state as Alaska ' s first female
             Governor , and I hope you give some serious thought to funding this needed project.



             Sincerely,



                  Louisa Ortiz

                  P.O. box 5001

                  Ketchikan Ak 99901




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0018687
