Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Monday, June 02, 2008 11:11 AM
          To:                      b.l.bigelow@att.net
          Subject:                 RE: Budget


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

          From: b.l.bigelow@att.net

          Sent: None

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Subject: Budget



          Barbara BIGELOW

          7866 So. Tongass Highway

          Ketchikan, AK 99901

          Phone:907-225-8605

          Email:b.1.bigelow@att.net

          Message:May 21, 2008




          Barbara Bigelow

          7866 So. Tongass Highway

          Ketchikan, Alaska 99901



          Honorable Governor Palin

          PO Box 110001

          Juneau, AK 99811



          Honorable Governor Palin,



                Let me preface my comments by offering congratulation on the birth of your baby. May
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018679
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           you and your family enjoy every day with this.new life.



                 Today I write in support of Ketchikan General Hospital's Surgical Suite expansion
           and renovation project as requested by the City of Ketchikan,Aos recent request for
           Legislative funding.   I am currently a hospital employee and I serve the Regional
           Executive Team here . As an employee I have had the privilege of serving the hospital
           since 1993 . Through those years , we have had many fine surgeons and have saved many a
           life through the dedicated efforts and expertise of the clinical team here. The essential
           update to our Surgical Suite ( operating room and support areas ) is necessary to continue
           to provide quality care, retain and recruit surgeons, but most importantly to continue to
           adequately care for our patients.



           I believe that the City's request fits nicely into your priorities for capital projects
           that support the health and safety of our Alaskan communities.  I am hopeful that you
           will include our project in your final budget.



           Sincerely,




           Barb Bigelow

           Director, Ketchikan General Hospital

           Quality Services Department




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0018680
