Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, June 02,2008 11:07 AM
           To:                      holleman andy@asdkl2.org
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: holleman-andy@asdkl2.org

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Andy Holleman

           4330 Sunstone Circle.

           Anchorage, AK 99516

           Phone:907-742-8230

           Email:holleman-andy@asdkl2.org

           Message :This will seem like an odd letter seeking your positive consideration, but I have
           to admit, it's really several emails all rolled into one.



           First, congratulations on the addition to your family, and your continued example of
           someone who exhibits joy in living up to their personal ideals. The whole process is a
           great story, and makes us all proud as Alaskans that you live here.



           Second, I have to say that I'm among those that did not vote for you in the election.
           Frankly..... and that's something of a pun....I doubt I could have voted for any Republican
           in this state until the party cleans up itself internally. It was not crystal clear
           during the election if that was your real goal, or if it was all part of realigning party
           politics, so I would have had a hard time voting for any Republican for governor.



           But I was favorably impressed when you created a truly bi-partisan group of
           administrators.  Despite the early smoke that was blown by detractors, it is clear you
           have an ethical group that is working on state goals rather than personal or party goals.



           At the end of the legislative session in 2007, I experienced that pain of having $100,000
           cut as you vetoed what are essentially &quot;local earmarks&quot;, and while I desperately
                                                                 I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0018683
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           wanted that money to complete a process we've been working on for years, I think you were
           right to do what you did, and I had to admit that I would have voted for you at that
           point, still, as your attempts to change the party and the way the state does business
           were apparent.



           I was even more impressed this legislative season to see cross -partisan groups working
           together.  I was stunned to see legislators engaged in real debate in public, on the floor
           and in committee sessions open to public view. To all of us that still believe in the
           process, it was very heartening.



           I was impressed when you spoke to the NEA Delegate Assembly using words like
           &quot;infrastructure&quot; and &quot;maintenance&quot;.  Those are not the special
           programs and gifts that politicians use to get votes, and no public official ever got a
           plaque with their name on it for maintaining a building, but it is the good, solid
           foundation the educational system needs in order to do their best work day after day.



           Not that things are perfect, but if someone had described where we would be today to me
           two years ago ...... I would have said, &quot;Yeah , sure &quot;. 'I would not have imagined
           such a shift in such a short period of time. And while I'm sure you would be among the
           first to say that it is many people doing a lot of good work, you would be right, but it
           could not have come to pass without the leadership and direction that you have provided.
           Thank you for all you have done.



           Which brings me around to the impetus for this email. I'm going to ask you not to veto,
           again, a Legislative Grant by Representative Lynn, but I'll say up front ...... I'll vote
           for you again even if you do ....... but I really hope you do not.



           The monies for Goldenview Middle School are for building infrastructure in order to make
           use of technology. PTSA has raised funds, we've taken donations of good, used computers,
           teachers have written grants, ASD Departments have contributed, such that every teacher
           now has an LCD projector in their classroom. It is a powerful teaching tool that has
           benefits to all levels of students, especially those with vision, hearing, or attention
           issues.



           We are using the tools , and teachers are making the transition to being multi-media
           presenters , but .......



           Our equipment is out on tables, cords run across the floor, equipment has to be pulled out
           of place and replaced when other classroom activities take place. This all serves to make
           the setup less reliable, and with your education connections, I suspect you know what
           happens when class plans might or might not work.



          They money we're seeking would 1) ceiling mount projectors so they are out of harms way,
          and don't intrude on other uses of the classroom, and 2) do a professional installation of
          all wiring so that it is not a trip hazard, is more reliable, and is not routinely pulled
          apart and reassembled, and 3) complete the setups so that every teaching station has a
          SmartBoard, a computer, and a sound system to go along with the projector. Along with the
          purchase of some of the equipment, this involves electrical permitting and installation of
          brackets above the classroom ceiling.


                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0018684
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           These are things that are very hard to fundraise for, and I think also something that.is
           not the responsibility of parents. While Goldenview (at 12 years old) still feels new,
           provision was not made for this during construction, and given the large number of older
           schools in Anchorage, it will be a long time before we come to the top of the priority
           list for a remodel. The amount needed to do this work is such that ASD would normally
           bond for it.



           For two years, Mr. Lynn has made us a priority.  I understand the desire to reduce these
           grants, but I will emphasize ..... this is not icing. Cake, maybe. It is not aesthetics,
           but tools that go to the heart of preparing our students for the coming century. The
           school, parents, teachers and the District have all done significant work, but we need
           these grants to finish it out.



           Please choose not to veto our funds again.



           Thank you.



           Andy Holleman

           Technology Coordinator

           Goldenview Middle School

           742-8230



           Http://GoldenviewMiddle.org




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018685
