Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Monday, June 02, 2008 8:23 AM
           To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                                    (GOV)
           Cc:                      Kim; Anna C (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Kelsey; Mark D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                                    (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Todd; Fradley; Tara D (GOV); Frank Bailey; Frye; Ivy J
                                    (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Sched


           Janice- pls note randy's,availablility to attend Juneau event(s). Anna has offered also.
           Between you and Hannah and Tara Fradley (and Abbey), the list of upcoming events can be
           scoured and strategized around to make sure someone represents the office at these so
           we're not regretting as many... the exercise needs to be circulated so as many
           staffers/officials as possible know of the opportunities to touch base with constituents
           via acceptance of invites that continue to pour in.



            I can jump out of the loop at this time and can wait to hear and see who's doing what
           throughout the state. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



           Date: Mon, 02 Jun 2008 08:17:58

           To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: Sched




          Governor:



          I can attend some of the events at the Sealaska Celebration. I know one

          tribal elder, Bill Martin, has asked to be reappointed to the suicide

          prevention council.      I told him to touch base with Frank.



          Randy



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Saturday, May 31, 2008 11:04 PM
                                                                  1




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018699
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Goode, Kelly C

          (GOV); Frank Bailey; Ivy personal; Sean personal2; Ruaro, Randall P

          (GOV); McBride, Rhonda (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV); Todd

          Subject: Sched



          J-   first,   congrats on the boys state championship! Awesome job Bears!!!



          I'm looking at sched for the days I'm in Juneau - there are a number of

          worthy events that Rhonda has commented on... since I can't make these

          rural-oriented events that week she is welcome and encouraged to go in

          my place. Pls make sure she's aware of the details of these invitations.

          There are so many events all over the state these summer months, I

          really want our office represented at as many events all around the

          state as possible, not just in Juneau and Anchorage.



          For Rhonda's consideration this week to represent me, there's the Holy

          Cross event, the RurAL CAP event, Sealaska's event, and Chenega's

          event... plus others. Pls pass on to her.




          Also, events like Friday's big VFW event- I won't be back for it in

          Anchorage but want to make sure someone is there representing me.



          There are big events all over and I want to make sure we have someone at

          as many of them - esp the big ones - as possible.



          Attending as many as poss allows us to touch base w many communities and

          constituents as we seek boards and commission members also , as we seek

          community priority input, etc . If I can't be there pis run these invites

          by the LtGov so he's given the opportunity to attend also. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




                                                          2
