Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, June 03, 2008 3:23 PM
         To:                       Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
         Cc:                       Caste; Lillian K (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: Budget




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 3:15 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Budget



          Web mail from: Jessica Stich

          address: 17333 adams lane eagle river AK 99577




          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,




          You are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!! I am very impressed and fully support you. Thank you for
          proving not all politicians are only about their careers.



          I have been thinking alot lately about the budgets. I am a married woman that works very
          hard. My husband and I are classified as "d.i.n.k.s" by Uncle Sam. We pay a large amount
          of our money annualy to taxes. I do not begrudge our duties to pay taxes. It is my duty as
          an Americian to pay my share. This being said I am very perplexed by the spending in the
          education system on the remodels and new builds for schools. I understand that we need to
          stimulate the children and that colors and designs are meant to inspire. What I am having
          a really hard time with is the materials that are being purchased for these jobs. I sell
          building materials more specifically hard surfaces. As the company I work for bids on the
          materials that have be specified I have have to wonder why exactly elementary school
          children need glass and natural stone. Glass tile and accents are some of the most
          expensive building products in the world. They are also more to install. Natural stone is
          not even rated for comm

          ercial use. The natural stone is also double the price to install.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018717
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I understand the importance of making children proud of their schools, the importance of
          activating their minds through outside stimulis. But isn't money being wasted on "fancy"
          stuff that is just a fad. Why is it that painted stripes on the walls were good enough for
          us but not this generations children. Glass 4x4 is between $18.00 s/f - $70.00 s/f just
          for the glass. Installation of glass is $8.00 - $10.00 s/f. Thats crazy expensive.. The new
          Clark Middle school has tile on the exterior. The tile is a porcelain thru body. Yet again
          more expensive than it needs tobe Wy not paint?



          As a supplier I lose money for my business if things go back to the less expensive
          products, but wouldn't be better to use some of that spending for music classes, sports,
          teachers wages, playground equipment, libraries, text books, computers?



          Who is approving these budgets? Is there any way to make the money go where it should?



          Thank you for taking the time to read this.



          Congrats on your baby boy, God Bless you and all your loved ones. You are doing a
          wonderful job.



          Sincerely,



          Jessica Stich



          noahsauntj@yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018718
