Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Tuesday, June 03,2008 11:02 AM
         To:                      'altheplumber@hotmail.com'
         Subject:                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 8:18 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Budget




         Web mail from :    Mr. Al St. John

          address: 9082 Erica Lane Willow AK 99688




         MESSAGE:

         We were extremely upset by your veto of Sen. Huggins request of $1M to upgrade Kime Lane,
         Kime Way, N. Erika, Amy, and Linda to Borough standards.




         The budget request was fully supported by all regulatory and oversight bodies from the
         NLHOA to the Roads Board to the Mat-Su Borough. Everyone is very upset that we were
         required to rank and prioritize and justify the capital request, and that when done, the
         number one priority request is VETOED.




          This was not a "wouldn't it.be nice if...." request, this was our thoroughly vetted and
         prioritized project that was completely and totally eliminated. We appreciate Sen. Huggins
         and this project fully followed the rules and processes, and everyone is in agreement that
         this is not only a valid project, it was in fact the very highest ranked project. Everyone
         is confused as to why it was vetoed let alone completely vetoed.
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018726
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Al & Jeanine St. John




          altheplumber@hotmail.com




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018727
