Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, June 03, 2008 11:00 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 9:13 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Sandy Laumeyer

           address: 312 Charles Nashua MT 59248

            406-746-3345



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin:



           I just received my issue of The Harvest, the publication for the Great Falls-Billings
           Diocese, and saw the story of your child, Trig. With time, patience, and most of all,
           love, your son will be able to do more than you ever thought possible.



           I have a daughter who is Down's Syndrome. Linda was my second child. She is 37. I was 27
           when she was born. Linda started school when she was 3 years old. I worried about her
           riding the bus, but when I found out all the other kids argued over who was going to take
           care of her each day I quit worrying.



           She lives in a town 14 miles from me in a semi-independent apartment complex. There is a
           supervisor on duty from 4 p.m. to 8 a.m. every day. The supervisor assists residents with
           cooking, cleaning, takes them grocery shopping, conducts fire drills, provides counseling,
           oversees parties, etc. Linda shares an apartment with another woman. She cooks her meals,
           does her laundry, shares cleaning responsibilities with her roommate, and takes her turn
           at cleaning the lobby of the apartment complex. The center where she works does laundry
           for the hospital, medical clinic, grocery stores, restaurants, and laundry for
           individuals. The center also collects aluminum cans for recycling. She even went on
           vacation to Disneyland in California with several people from her apartment building and a
           chaperone. The Special Olympics on a local, district, and state level is something she
           looks forward to every year.




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018732
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          My husband and I were told that the sooner you can start educating a Down's Syndrome child
          the better. We were very fortunate in have access to resources to help us work with our
          daughter.



          We are so proud of her and she has brought us much joy.. She always joins us for holidays
          and family celebrations. Her favorite saying when she takes her leave of us is "I keep
          you."



          May God continue to bless you and your family.



          antonial925@yahoo.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018733
