Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov)
          Sent :                   Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:12 AM
          To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject :                FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 7:43 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          web mail from: Mr. Julian Vann

          address: 150 Plunkett Dr. Fayetteville. GA 30215

           404-379-8520



          MESSAGE:

          Gov. Palin,




          Good morning and best wishes. My name is Julian Vann and I am a Vice President for a
          large privately owned business here in Georgia just a few miles south of Atlanta. I am
          also a very conservative Republican who follow the political landscape very closely. I
          just read an article posted on Real Clear Politics that was written by Jack Kelly. The
          article pertains to your possible consideration as a VP running mate for Sen. John McCain
          and I must tell you, after reading the article detailing your background, I could not
          agree more.




          I am convinced that if a Republican is going to reside in the White House for the next
          four years, Sen. McCain must choose a running mate that is going to excite the base as
          well as Independents and Reagan Democrats.  Although I know very little about Alaskan
          politics, I do know that from exploring your background on the web you are THE ONE! I
          believe that you can bring a level of excitement to the election process that rivals or
          surpasses that of Sen. Obama.



                                                                i




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I hope that the VP offer will be made and that you will accept. This country is ready for
          change, ready for someone like you.




          Wishing you and your family the very best,




          Julian Vann



          jvann@georgiacrown.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0018768
