Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                   Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:13 AM
           To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV); Mills; Andy J (GOV)
           Subject:                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 7:57 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. James Carellas

           address: 502 Holly Court Saxonburg PA 16056

            724-360-0010



          MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           I am a Greek Orthodox priest and serve as Chaplain of a Convent.




          My purpose for writing you is two-fold:




          1- I just read an article today in which you were mentioned as an excellent candidate for
          Vice President.  After checking out many of your positions, I have to agree with the
          article's conclusion.  It especially pleases me to see that you are solidly pro-life and
          pro-family, and that you have five children. (Thanks be to God, I have 4 children and 11+
          grandchildren.)

                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          2- When I google-searched your name, three images appeared. The 3rd image shocked me,
          until I realized that it was not you. It appears that, because your name was associated
          with the article in which this picture was included, the search engine placed the
          photograph with the two of those that were of you. If possible, I suggest that you have a
          member of your staff contact Google to see if they can remove it.




          I am going to pray that, if God so wills, you will be selected by Mr. McCain as his
          running mate.  Presently, I am hesitant to cast my vote for him; and unless he chooses
          you, or someone with similar conservative credentials, I may even write-in Ronald Reagan!




          The blessings and mercies of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ be with you and your
          family.




          Yours in the risen Lord,




          +Fr. James Carellas




          P.S. - Several years ago, I had the joy to offer a retreat at an Orthodox Church in
          Wasilla. It remains as one of my most favorite trips in my 33+ years as a priest. Your
          state is so beautiful, and Wasilla's citizens were very hospitable.



          papadem@connecttime.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018766
