Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 8:12 AM
         To:                      millettew@belleouth.net
         Subject:                 RE: Other


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

         Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 7:29 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Mr. william millette

         address: 4406 singletree way nw acworth GA 30101

          7709660203



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin, I saw you on the Glenn Beck show this past week. You exhibited something
         that is lacking in most office holders or would-be office holders. Your comments, your
         attitude let shine forth the American spirit. It is no wonder you lead the last pioneering
         state in this great union. Your candor and concern for your fellow Alaskans, your no-
         nonsense approach to governong as an American leaves nothing to be desired. I hold your
         judgment and respect for the sanctity of human life and family to be exemplary.




         May God belss you and your family. May your light and your talent one day soon, shine on,
         not just Alaska, but on this country which today so sorely needs leaders of character and
         honesty.




         Bill Millette




                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018784
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Acworth, GA




         American citizen , Korean veteran, patriot



         millettew@belleouth.net




                                                       2
