Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 8:06 AM
          To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
          Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Economic Development




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 6:53 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Economic-Development



          Web mail from: Ms. Sandra Storer

          address: 808 Jefferson Rd. Pittsburgh PA 15235

           412 496 8681



          MESSAGE:

          I heard you on Glenn Beck last night and what a breath of fresh air to hear a government
          offical speak to the needs of our country. My mouth drops--it seems like everyday now--
          when I hear Washington talk about global warming--the big scare--it is just an
          hypothesis--yet it is changing our entire world--destroying our country, our economy and
          causing us to become more and more dependent on our enemies.



          I feel like Washington is being run by our enemies -- destroying us--what are they doing.
          Senate hearings debunking the demise of polar bears- - and then placing them on the
          endangered list--my mouth drops again.



         Please keep up your fight for ANWR. If there is anything that a common person can do
         please let me know. For the first time in my life I have written to my senators and
         congressmen--their reply Thank you for writing but "I" feel that drilling in ANWR is bad
         and we are going to look into other means--like ethanol distilled from corn--is this man
         for real--this has devastated our food industry and it doesn't even begin to solve the
         problem.



         I've heard more than one person mention your name for VP--right now McCain is the least of
         3 evils but if you were on the ticket you would bring so much to the party



         Thanks you again and keep up your fight

                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018787
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          storersr@comcast.net




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0018788
