Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:02 AM
          To,                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 6:04 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Jim Weber

          address: PO Box 872306 Wasilla AK 99687




          MESSAGE:

          Sara:  Thank you for lowering State Flags in honor of former Senator Mitch Aboods'
          passing.




          Your office missed a serious opportunity to cement a part of Alaska's past history by not
          having a representative of your office at his Memorial Service on 6/3/08. You should have
          sent someone to read a statement from you at the Memorial Service.




          Without a question in my mind :  The Memorial Service had as many if not more former Gov
          candidtates , Mayors, former Mayors , former State Senators and Representatives , 4 Generals
          of The Military current and retired , former Lt Govenor , represntative of a former Govenor
          with standing room only for the overflow guests of personal friends and neighbors. All of
          this was following burial at Fort Richardson with full Military Honors.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018772
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           This memorial was a gathering of the giants of Alaska history almost as big as Statehood:
           and they all came togother for their friend Mitch Abood. It truly was an emotional
           gathering of recapturing the memories of a significant member of our State. Mitch touched
           the lives of a large cross section of people.




          It is a part of your job as Govenor to recognize those people like Mitch, in a personal
          manner to their families and the public. The flag lowering was fine, but I expected you
          to do that. Involve the family of the deceased as well with open recognition by your
          office's presence and participation.




          chumlee@gci.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018773
