Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 8:58 AM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 3:13 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from : Mr. T. B.

          address: P.O. Box 550 Palmer AK 99645




          MESSAGE:




          June 4, 2008




          Dear Honorable Governor Palin,




          Christ is Risen! Congratulations to you and your family, for welcoming your new infant,
          to life in Alaska and into the world! It was very refreshing and inspiring, to hear the
          words of an Alaskan Governor, that set the highest standard and presented the highest
          example, to all Alaskan Mothers and mothers to be and working mothers and all Alaskans, by
          sharing your personal, intimate and inspirational faith, through the media, with the
          words, ("God" has entrusted us), referring to your new responsibilities, for your new born
          infant.
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         It is clear, that our Creator has chosen you and your family to lead and show, (by
         example, as you are,) the way to carry your personal cross and crosses, as a family, and
         at the same time, graciously accept, the great gift and blessing, of a new and unique
         human life, with perhaps, special needs. The greatest of all special human needs, of
         course, being love.




         The Acts of the honorable Apostles says; that Saint Paul and Saint Barnabas traveled to
         various cities, "strengthening the souls of the disciples" (Acts 14:22)   May their holy
         prayers and the prayers of Mary, the holy, ever-virgin, Mother of God, give you and your
         family strength and strengthen your souls, as you all give your love and the love and
         compassion of the Lord, in your caring and nurturing and raising of your new child.




         May God's mercy, grace and love, be with you always,




                                         With love in our resurrected Lord and God and Saviour, Jesus
         Christ,




                                               Theodore D.M. Bartko




                                                            2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0018778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          mrtko@mtaonline.net




                                                     3




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0018779
