Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 8:17 AM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent:_ Tuesday, June 03, 2008 7:32 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Tammy Mullican

          address: 19212 Luedtke Ln Pflugerville TX 78660

           512-252-7333



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,




          My mom saw you on a talk show recently and asked if I had seen it. I did not but she told
          me that you had recently had your fifth child who had Down Syndrome. I have three
          daughters, 18, 17, 13 and one son, 11, who has Down Syndrome also. I hope your son is
          healthy and happy. We knew ahead of time that we were having a son with Down Syndrome. It
          took a little longer to bond with him than it did with the girls (he was in NICU for 9
          weeks and I had health problems for several months) but bond with him I did and now I can
          honestly tell you that our whole family cannot imagine life without William. I am sending
          a poem I wrote about him when he was 18 months old. He has changed our lives in ways that
          have made us better than we would have been without him. I pray that God blesses you and
          your family as you serve Alaska and as you parent a very special child.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0018781
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          My Son




         When I look into his eyes and see the innocence and love,



         I know that my special child was sent from up above.




         And when I see that smile that lights up his whole face,



         I know that I have truly been touched by God's grace.




         As he learns each new thing, even though he is behind,



         I applaud each little step and know that through him I will find,




         That simpleness of life and the things that matter most,



         Are not the same accomplishments that other parents boast,




         But through my little William, who had a shaky start,



         I've learned that peace and joy and love are matters of the heart.




                                                      2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         And when in my weakness , with other children I compare,



         May God graciously remind me that He's always standing there.




         Right beside me, to guide me, holding my hand and my son's too,



         And I know that little William sees Him better than I do.




          Is that what makes him smile so bright and hold his hands up in the air?



          Is.he playing with God's angels who have him in their care?




         My son has taught me many things about the Father's love,



         The biggest one.is knowing that He sent you from above!




         By Tammy Mullican




         bill.tammymullican@sbcglobal.net




                                                       3
