Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :   Steve Porter [stevenbporter@gmail.com]
              Sent:    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 7:34 AM
              To:       Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
              Cc:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: Point Thomson
              I am surprised and a little bit disturbed that I have not been contacted by either of you about my
              concerns with the DNR Commissioner's decision at Point Thomson. I have provided a substantial
              amount of information to you that would make anyone stop and reconsider their decision, but I
              have heard nothing but. silence from you. It is as if the old statement "Don't bother me with the
              facts. My mind is already made up" really does apply in this case.

              I still would like to see the governor regarding this issue . She needs to understand the costs
              before she decides to stand back, under the guise of loyalty , and allow DNR to make a poor
              decision. All she needs to do is ask the DNR Commissioner to perform his responsibility under
              11 AAC 83.343 (b) and tell the Point Thomson owners what a reasonable Plan of Development
              would be. This is a simple task , and I can't understand why he wouldn't do it.

              If he does not do what I believe is the minimum responsibility of the sovereign in this case, this
              process was probably predetermined from the beginning. It probably means that DNR's intent
              was to try to take back the leases regardless of what the Point Thomson owners proposed. That is
              not their responsibility, and I believe such an act is both illegal and unethical. Their
              responsibility to every taxpayer (and lessee) is to try to resolve the issue if possible, and as a last
              resort take back the asset if they cannot come to resolution.

              In this case the DNR commissioner has met his legal process obligations under the law
              by "reconsidering" the prior decision, but he has not met the intent of the law. This issue was an
              easy one to solve, but DNR seems to have consciously decided not to do so.

              If I am right and DNR issues the reconsideration decision without attempting to resolve the
              problem, then it will be a sad day for Alaska. I hope I am wrong. I have been supportive of the
              governor, and I have worked behind the scenes in several areas to help her administration be
              successful. I will continue to do that where I can, but when I see unethical behavior in her
              administration, I cannot support it.

              This will be my last correspondence with you as it seems to be unproductive for either of us.

              Steve




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0018794
