Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 3:16 PM
         To:                      sksimonsl@yahoo.com
         Subject:                 RE: Health-Care


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: sksimonsl@yahoo.com

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Health-Care




         Sandra Simons

         P.O.Box 1461

         Soldotna, AK 99669

         Phone:907-262-6503

         Email:sksimonsl@yahoo.com

         Message:I was incredibly disappointed that you chose to veto the state portion of the
         grant money for the Serenity House Treatment Center. This much needed money was to be
         combined with other grants that staff had worked very hard to procure, and would have
         allowed the facility to purchase an ideal piece of property - complete with a house. The
         new location would have provided 4-6 more beds, allowing more people in our community to
         be healed by this life-changing program. There are so many people out there in need,
         shouldn't our state government be helping its citizens by supporting this grant? The
         hospital has already done all they could to ensure this expansion could be a reality, and
         I believe more than half the money needed is coming from sources other than the state
         government.   Everything is in place but your cooperation. I urge you to reconsider this
         decision.   There are many others who feel the way that I do, and I hope that they will
         feel called to write to you as well. Serenity House saves lives! Please, do the right
         thing.  Thank you,   Sandee




                                                                              k




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0018804
