Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 2:40 PM
         To:                      Ijobe@alaska.net
         Subject:                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: ljobe@alaska.net

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Budget



         Linda Jobe

         P. O. Box 233265

         Anchorage, AK 99523

         Phone:907-336-6223

         Email:ljobe@alaska.net

         Message :Dear Governor Palin:



         This winter my grandson (Braden - Duncan Shackelford's little guy) attended a day camp in
         a tiny litte house owned by the zoo. It was an incredible experience and according to him
         &quot;Owl Pellets&quot; are the greatest thing ever.  Yet only a few other kids could go
         because due to a lack of space.



         Please help The Alaska Zoo - the facility is so close to being a completed gem and with
         your support of capital funding you can make it a diamond!



         Our zoo plays a vital role in our state as a leader in wildlife conservation, an education
         resource for teachers and students statewide and as a tourist destination. It needs
         capital funding and you can make that happen.



         Governor Palin, please invest in the Alaska Zoo! It is our children and grandchildrens'
         future and it is my absolutely most favorite place to take my grandson for a day of fun.




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0018809
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sincerely,



         Linda Jobe




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1 _0018810
