Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 1:47 PM
           To:                      hmarsh@acm.org
           Subject :                RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: hmarsh @ acm.org

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Howard Marsh

           10631 Cutter Circle

           Anchorage, AK 99515

           Phone:NULL

           Email:hmarsh@acm.org

           Message:Governor Palin,




           With respect to the windfall revenues that the State of Alaska is receiving due to the
           high price of oil, I suggest that rather than provide each citizen of Alaska with an
           energy card and each utility with a subsidy that the money would be better spent on
           enhancing Alaska,Aos educational system.



          When I speak of Alaska,Aos educational system I am referring to the University of Alaska
           (UA), not the local educational units A1 those should be funded locally. However, UA, in
          my opinion, is the responsibility of the State for funding. UA is an economic engine, a
          source of pride, and the pathway to the future. I believe it is in every Alaskan,Aos best
          interest to have an institution of higher education on par with the best that the United
          States has to offer.



          My recommendation is to fund an endowment for UA with the money that would otherwise be
          spent on energy assistance . This funding is in addition to the current level of funding
          that the University receives . I further recommend that UA establish some doctoral programs
          based in Anchorage . Currently UAF is the terminal granting institution in Alaska Ai
          however, the Anchorage region is the population and economic center of Alaska. This
          imbalance should receive attention to correct.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0018817
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Should one desire to attract new clean industries (those typically based on intellectual
           property creation) to Alaska, then Alaska must enhance its University. Alaska
           traditionally has relied upon natural resources as its economic engine; it is now time to
           prepare for the next century.




           Governor Palin, thank you for your time



           h




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1 _0018818
