Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04,2008 1:41 PM
          To:                      kfrench@gci.net
          Subject:                 RE: Budget


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: kfrench@gci.net

          Sent: None

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Subject: Budget




          Kevin French

          1811 W 99th Ave

          Anchorage, AK 99515

          Phone:907-240-6829

          Email:kfrench@gci.net

          Message:Regarding my previous comments, I truly believe I speak for numerous people in
          Alaska right now with my previous comments on the budget and axing millions. In addition,
          I forgot to mention one very important aspect of my point. That is Governor Palin,Aos has
          this irrational assumption with her veto ax plan that &quot;bonds&quot; should pay for the
          difference, which ultimately means an increase in our property taxes as a property owner.
          Does this governor not realize that is exactly what will happen with her   M bonds
          option,Al to pay the difference? We are paying enough property taxes as it is &amp; has
          already caused some to lose their homes and/or leave the state? Property taxes are too
          high in Anchorage as it is. To have this casual expectation for property owners to pay
          more property taxes right now when oil is at record highs (to make up the difference for
          the budget) is equally appalling? No one should have to lose their job with oil being at
          record highs (especially teachers &amp; teacher assistants/aides). I also just learned
          that the Anchorage Police Dept. was once again denied their requested funding for more
          office space for storing records, and that is unacceptable as well with our oil revenues
          being at record highs.



          Again, I don't plan on voting for Governor Palin again for any office position (current or
          higher).




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0018821
