Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04,2008 12:20 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:35 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Ken and Ruth Bakalyar

           address: 3221 Reeds Villa Court S.W. Alexandria MN 56308

            320-763-5944



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Honorable Governor Palin,




           Ruth and I have been a faithful republican party members for many years now. I am 54 years
           old and my wife is 53. We are drawn to the republican party through our Christian
           religion, in which we believe the morality of our nation - as taught in The Holy Bible -
           is necessary for a healthy government. We are very concerned about the future of our
           world, more specifically our nation - The United States of America.




          Liberalism is running rampant and the values that were established as "One Nation Under
          God" are dwindling away. We're killing our unborn and saving trees from being cut down.
          We're allowing same sex marriages. We're giving tax advantages to couples who live
          together out of wedlock, and taxing to death male/female couples who are united in holy
          matrimony. Somethings not quite right here!




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           We have great respect for the governor of our state ( Minnesota ). Governor Palenty is a
           wonderful man and a tremendous leader. His name has been mentioned as a potential
           candidate as vice president to run with Senator McCain. We are not sure he is ready for
           this. We would, however, hope that his political future goes beyond this state at some
           point in history.




           This brings us to you. A couple months ago someone mentioned that you would be a very
           viable and excellent candidate to become the Vice President of the United States of
           America. Quite honestly, we had not heard of you up until 2-3 months ago. Since then,we
           have been exploring who you are and what you stand for. We are impressed! You are a woman
           of great integrity, sound values, and you are not easily intimidated by contradicting
           opinions or positions. We would like to strongly encourage you to make known your
           willingness to run with Senator McCain for the office of Vice President. Only you know if
           this is the right time and the right thing to do, but PLEASE consider it! If you are
           willing, you must get your name out into the public by declaring your availability. We
           intend to e-mail Senator McCain and share our thinking with him too. We know that we are
           just a couple "small fish in the sea", but even Rome was built one brick at a time.
           Therefore, we are making our preference known to

           both you and Senator McCain




           We will be praying for you, hoping that you (or at least someone who shares your values)
           will be selected. Blessings as you serve the State of Alaska, and hopefully this great
           nation!




           Ken and Ruth Bakalyar



           packerkr@yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0018835
