Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04,2008 1:09 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject :                FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:34 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Crystal Price

           address: 595 Elmus Paul Road Pineville LA 71360

            318-466-1941



           MESSAGE:

           Gov. Palin,




           I've seen several articles mentioning your name as a possible running mate for John McCain
           this election year.  I was completely opposed to Hilary getting the nomination, so I'm
           glad that she didn't get the nomination, but I firmly believe this country is going to
           vote for a white man over a black man, regardless of the change policies Obama is
           marketing, and regardless of John McCain's qualifications. Please don't get me wrong, my
           husband and I will be voting for McCain because of his policies over Obama's. But the
           thought of a woman finally getting to show those men how it's done, who is intelligent and
           very accomplished in her own right, is down right appealing and makes sense with the way
           this election campaign has been going so far.




           So my question, Gov. Palin, do you even want to be Vice President, or are these articles
           just fluff that should not be taken seriously? I know you probably can't answer that
           question right now as things stand, but I wish you the best of luck if you are asked to be
           his running mate.  You'd certainly have our votes!  Crystal Price


                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018823
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          pbcchoir@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0018824
