Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 1:35 PM
          To:                      hmnichoison@live.com
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: hmnicholson@live.com

         .Sent: None

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Subject: Other



          Harry Nicholson

          723 - 27th Avenue

          Fairbanks, AK 99701

          Phone:907-590-8067

          Email:hmnicholson@live.com

          Message :In these times whereby your administration is attempting to reign in the growth of
          the state budget, I feel it appropriate to bring to your attention an area whereby there
          could and should be some budgetary influence exercised . ALASKA ONE Public television has
          in my opinion began a campaign to advance a &quot;Gay Rights&quot; stance in public
          braodcasting. I personally believe that a publically finded organization should remain
          TOTALLY MUTE on this subject. That is to say their programming should neither advance nor
          decry such issues, basically they should take a no coment stance.



          However, this far from the current programming stance of the currrent ALASKA ONE
          administration . they are taking great pains to carry as much PRO Gay Rights programming as
          possible while carring little or none of that supporting the opposing view. In my opinion,
          this is a broblem not so much of content as Balance..




          Thank you for your time.




          Harry M. Nicholson




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0018822
