Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 1:00 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 12:32 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from : Mr. Benjamin Tidwell

           address: 9242 B Cockles Ave Port Saint Joe FL 32456




           MESSAGE:

           The rumor mill is already brewing that the honorable Senator McCain might invite you to
           take the VP slot. This might really make the GOP election chances remain competitive this
           year, in fact, your political style is on target with McCain's current message, and your
           stance on the issues could energize the typical republican base; and nearly match the
           historical nature of the democratic party's offering this year.




           Both parties this year, must run on change. McCain is right to voice concern over right
           change, and wrong change. He is a good, and honorable senator; but he has always fallen
           short of the presidency (even his own party's nomination) on the basis that he often lacks
           a presidential voice; and that he's often too moderate to sure up support of his base.




           If he gives you an invitation to the VP spot, you can both sure up that support (because
           you are 100 percent conservative--and without strong ties to Bush's form of the word
           conservative, or any ties to the most unpopular congress/senate body ever.) You make up
           for a lot of the qaulities that McCain lacks, but needs; but also would be on message with
           his own platform for the right kind of change. Not just that, but with McCain's age
           definitely being a concern of most voters, his VP needs to be someone who is greatly
           trusted, and admired, and can assume office in the event that he is no longer able to
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018830
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          attend to the daily business of the president. In an age where typical voters don't
          normally really care who the VP is, he really needs a great VP.




          But, if you're not ready for a national office; have a grasp      on all the current issues
          facing the nation, and wish to stick with Alaska, (because I      admit I know nothing of your
          political aspirations) it would be better to wait a few more      years, and run for president
          yourself on your own merits with no strong affiliation to the      old gaurd of the GOP.




           I used to be a republican, but I'm now strictly independant. I voted for Bush against
           Gore, and just abstained during Bush versus Kerry, and am leaning towards Obama for
           President in this election, even though I'm pro-life, and I know he's not, because I just
           don't think four more years of Bush can be tolerated if McCain ardently follows the course
           he has set. Bush isn't offering a leadership that has the qaulity of being progressive and
           and promising productive future--he's too busy attacking other people's agendas; and I
           fear McCain is following that expample way too much to even have an honest chance once the
           debates are underway. Someone in the GOP needs to bring an offering that's above and
           beyond the status qou, and with something more of substance than mocking the other party's
           whole agenda. The GOP definitely needs someone who is strong on the economy, hard on
           corruption, and conservative (not hawkish) on foriegn policy.




          If you think you can do that than you definitely need to consider accepting the VP spot if
          McCain offers. But, if someone else get's the spot; Because of what I've heard, I'd
          definitely give you a fair hearing should you decide to run for a higher office later on.




          Best Regards,



             Benjamin Tidwell




          PS: I'm loosing my job in the school system I work for in less than a month to very severe
          budget cuts in Florida, and though I don't know what I'm going to do next yet, I
          desperately do not want to apply for unemployment, so if there are any good jobs up in
          Alaska I might qualify for don't hesitate to let me know! At the moment, I'm open to just
          about anything that will let me afford a place to live, and finish paying off my car!


                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018831
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          benjamintidwell3@yahoo.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0018832
