Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04,2008 12:08 PM
          To:                      jlemons@une.edu
          Subject:                  RE: Environment


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: jlemons@une.edu

          Sent: None

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Subject: Environment



          John Lemons

          P.O. Box 788

          Homer, AK 99603

          Phone:907 235 1086

          Email:jlemons@une.edu

          Message:To: Governor Palin
          24 May 2008

          Cc: Lyda Green, John Harris, Paul Seaton, Rick Steiner, Tom Kizza



          From: Dr. John Lemons

          P.O. Box 788

          Homer, AK 99603




          Re: Recommendation to Veto the $2 Million Dollar Alaska Legislature Appropriation for a
          Conference on Climate Change and Polar Bears



          Dear Governor Palin:



          The purpose of this letter is to strongly recommend that you reconsider your approval of
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018841
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           the $2 million dollar Alaska Legislature appropriation request for a conference on climate
           change and polar bears and, instead, veto the item.



           Based purely on fiscal considerations, it is absurd to think.that $2 million dollars is
           required to hold a scientific conference and disseminate results. For about thirty years I
           have been responsible for holding and widely disseminating results from scientific
           conferences and the costs have never remotely approached $2 million dollars.



           The appropriation request is based on faulty knowledge and incorrect conclusions about the
           scientific consensus on global climate change and its impacts on polar bears. In
           particular, the commentary written by Alaska Senator Lyda Green and Representative John
           Harris in the 21 May 2008 Anchorage Daily News ,A6$2 Million Conference on Polar Bears,
           Climate is Justified,AU is full of misconceptions about the state of global climate change
           science. In fact, the issue of A6scientific uncertainty,Ad about global climate change
           and its human attribution has been settled for some time within the scientific community;
           so is the impact of global climate change on polar bears.



           By the end of the 1970s most scientific studies indicated that climate forcing would
           likely be dominated by anthropogenic greenhouse gases accumulating in the
           earth,Aiatmosphere system from around 1750 and onwards . The world,ASs most expert body on
           climate change, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) issued major reports
           in the early 1990,A6s that concluded AfA clear scientific consensus has emerged in the
           21st Century; this report was reviewed by over 700 scientists from around the world.2 The
           IPCC,ABs AdSecond Assessment Report,Au was issued in 1995, and contained the conclusion
           that a Aubalance of the evidence (on climate change ) showed a discernable human influence
           on climate.,Au3 In 2001, the IPCC,Aos third assessment report was released , and made
           specific predictions about how human actions would change the global climate and how
           climate change would affect human health and the environment.4 The third assessment
           confirmed and expanded upon previous IPCC reports and concluded that there was additional
           evidence that human,Aiinduced climate change had already become noticeable around the
           world.



           Recently, the IPCC,Aos fourth assessment ( AR4) documented the substantial vulnerability of
           high latitude regions, including places such as Alaska, to the impacts from global climate
           change.5 This report concluded with a confidence greater than 90 percent that human
           activities are the primary drivers responsible for the atmospheric build,Aiup of
           greenhouse gases and its resultant public health and environmental impacts. ( The AR4 had
           over 2500 scientific expert reviewers , over 800 contributing authors , over 450 lead
           authors, and took six years of work.). The AR4,A3s AaWorking Group II (WG II),Ai also
           notes: (1),Adthat of the more than 29,000 observational data series,Althat show
           significant change in many physical and biological systems , more than 89 percent are
           consistent with the direction of change expected to warming;,AU (2)that a synthesis of
           studies used in WG II strongly demonstrates the spatial agreement between regions of
           significant warming across the globe and the locations of significant changes in many
           systems consistent with warming is very unlikely to be due solely to natural variability
           of temperatures or natural variability of the systems;,AtL and (3)climate models with
           ,Aucombined natural and anthropogenic forcing simulate observed responses significantly
           better than models with natural forcings only.,Au6



           Parenthetically, you should be aware that the IPCC is conservative insofar as being
           careful to avoid making attributions about climate change under conditions of scientific
           uncertainty. In fact, its charter requires it to avoid speculation where possible.
           Consequently , the IPCC does not do original research but relies on conclusions from
           peer,Alreviewed scientific journals that typically employ a normative standard of
           requiring a high degree of confidence for conclusions ( e.g., 95 percent confidence level).


                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPOI _0018842
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           At the request of President Bush, in 2005 the U.S. National Academy of Sciences was
           requested to present findings on the current state of climate science.,AU In his testimony
           to Congress on the findings of the report, Dr. Ralph Cicerone, President of NAS, stated
           ,AdNearly all climate scientists today believe that much of the Earth,A6s current warming
           has been caused by increases in the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , mostly
           from the burning of fossil fuels.,Au7 This conclusion is basically the same conclusion
           issued in the NAS,A6s 2001 and 2008 report, respectively.8



           In 2005, several national academies of science issued a joint statement wherein they
           concluded,  Aa,Althere is now strong evidence that significant global warming is
           occurring,AU,A1.,Auit is likely that most of the warming in recent decades can be
           attributed to human activities. This warming has already led to changes in the Earth,A6s
           climate.,A69 The national academies were: National Academy of Sciences (United States),
           Royal Society (United Kingdom), Royal Society of Canada (Canada), Russian Academy of
           Sciences (Russia), Chinese Academy of Sciences (China), Science Council of Japan (Japan),
           Indian National Science Academy (India), Academie des Sciences (France), Deutsche Akademie
           der Naturforscher (Germany), Accademia dei Lincei (Italy), and Academia Brasiliera de
           Ciencias (Brazil).




           The above studies I have mentioned, along with other major recent studies on          global
           climate change (e.g., American Association for the Advancement of Science,l0          the American
           Geophysical Union,11 and the American Meteorological Societyl2), support the          view that the
           Earth,A6s climate is changing and that most of the change is attributable to          human
           activities since 1750.



           The Alaska legislative request and in particular Senator Green,A6s and Representative
           Harris,A6s rationale for the request and, presumably, your approval of the request are
           predicated on the view Authat it is imperative that we.critically analyze the science
           behind climate change and develop a true consensus before enacting legislation based on
           the claims of that science.,Au How much of a Adconsensus,Aii do they or you want? And what
           would a Adiconsensus,Ab look like? If there is no trust in the credibility of the
           aforementioned scientific organizations,A6 studies, who should one trust? There is
           probably a greater consensus about global climate change than any other major scientific
           or environmental problem. And, there is a huge consensus about the threat global climate
           change poses to polar bears ; the state of Alaska , A6s position on polar bears is at odds
           with almost every national and international scientific study of threats from global
           climate change on polar bears



           .Although more scientific studies always will yield more information, there is an urgency
           to take immediate action if we are to avoid the serious consequences of global climate
           change, both for humans and polar bears. Further, there is not one local, state, or
           federal agency that requires full scientific certainty for decision or policymaking. (In
            fact, science can never provide full and absolute certainty.). Neither is full certainty
            (or ,Adconsensus,AU) required for social or economic policies. Have all of your decisions
           been based on full certainty ? Have those of Senator Green or Representative Harris? I
           doubt it.



           Given the scientific consensus on the human attribution of global climate change as well
           as threats to polar bears, using AAscientific uncertainty,Ai to delay mitigation of
           global climate change or protection of polar bears has unfortunate ethical and moral
           consequences . I am unaware of any secular or religious ethics or morals that would
           exonerate someone engaged in risky behavior simply because there was some uncertainty
           involved in determining whether his /her behavior would actually cause damage . There are
           many laws that implement this well , Aiestablished norm. For instance , for a defendant to be
           convicted of reckless driving or reckless endangerment , a prosecutor simply has to prove
           the defendant acted in a way that he/she should have known to be risky. Furthermore, the
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0018843
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          ethical duty to avoid risky behavior is proportional to the magnitude of the potential
          harm, particularly to those who have not consented to being placed at risk. Certainly,
          global climate change poses risks of harm of great magnitude.



          Therefore, as a matter of ethics a relevant question in the face of scientific uncertainty
          about harmful consequences of human behavior is whether there is a reasonable basis for
          concluding that serious harm to other humans or species could result from the behavior. As
          I have pointed out above, scientists have understood that human attribution is the main
          driver of global climate change since at least the first IPCC report, and probably before
          then. For this reason, states and nations cannot deny that their release of greenhouse
          gases creates a significant risk to human and environmental health around the world, even
          if there might be some disagreement with, e.g., the specific predictions of the timing and
          magnitude of the impacts from global climate change. Therefore, states and nations
          emitting significant amounts of greenhouse. gases have been engaged in risky behavior and
          this risky behavior has ethical consequences even if there might be some uncertainty about
          some aspects of actual consequences.13,Ai15



          Given the fact that the United States with 5.6 percent of the world,Aos population
          contributes about 24 percent of the annual anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases to
          the atmosphere (and also is responsible for the majority of historical emissions), it is
          our duty to significantly reduce emissions because of the real and potential harm caused
          to others, including other species such as polar bears. Further, it also is Alaska,Aos
          duty to reduce greenhouse gas emissions given that on a per capita basis the state
          produces about four times the amount of the per capita average in the United States. I
          also remind you that under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
          (ratified by the United States), nations are responsible for reducing greenhouse gas
          emissions, including sub,Alnational governments, businesses, and organizations.16




          References

          1. (NRC) National Research Council, US Committee for the Global Atmospheric Research
          Program. 1975. Understanding Climatic Change: A Program for Action, National Academy of
          Sciences: Washington, D.C.

          2. (IPCC) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 1990. IPCC First Assessment Report
          1990. IPCC Secretariat: c/o WHO , Geneva, Switzerland . (http://www.ipcc.ch/pub/reparts.htm)

          3. (IPCC ) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . 1995. IPCC Second .Assessment Report:
          Climate Change 1995. IPCC Secretariat : c/o WHO , Geneva , Switzerland.
          (http: //www.ipcc.ch /pub/reports.htm)

          4. (IPCC) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 2001. IPCC Second Assessment Report:
          Climate Change 2001. IPCC Secretariat: c/o WHO, Geneva, Switzerland.
          (http://www.ipcc.ch/pub/reports.htm)

          5. (IPCC) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 2007. Climate Change 2007: The
          Physical Science Basis. Summary for Policy Makers. IPCC Secretariat: c/o WMO,Geneva,
          Switzerland. ((http://www.ipcc.ch/pub/reports.htm)

          6. (IPCC) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 2007. Climate Change 2007: Climate
          Change Impacts, Adaptation and Vulnerability: Summary for Policy Makers. IPCC Secretariat:
          c/o WHO, Geneva, Switzerland. ((http://www.ipcc.ch/pub/reports.htm)

          7. Cicerone, R.J. 2005. Current State of Climate Science: Recent Studies From the National
          Academies. Statement before the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, U.S. Senate.
          July 21, 2005.
          (http://www7.nationalacademies.org/ocga/testimony/Climate Change Science and Economics. asp
          ); National Academies of Science. 2008. Understanding and Responding to Climate Change
          (National Academy Press, Washington, D.C.) (http://dels.nas.edu/basc/climate-change/)
                                                         4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0018844
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          8. (NAS) National Academies of Sciences Committee on the Science of Climate Change. 2001.
          Climate Change Science: An Analysis of Some Key Questions (National Academy Press:
          Washington, D.C.

          9. Joint Science Academies , Ao Statement : Global Response to Climate Change. 2005.
          (http://nationalacademies.org/onpi/ 06072005.pdf)

          10. (AAAS) American Association for the Advancement of Science. 2000. Climate Change.
          Washington, D.C. (http://nationalacademies.org/onpi/06072005.pdf)

          11. American Geophysical Union. 2003.   Eos 84       (51), 574.

          12. American Meteorological Society. 2003. Bulletin American Meteorological Society. 84,
          508

          13. Brown, D., Tuana, Ni and 22 other authors, 2006, White Paper on the Ethical Dimensions
          of Climate Change. Rock Ethics Institute: Pennsylvania State University, PA.
          (http://rockethics.psu.edu/climate/whitepaper-intro.htm)

          14. Brown, D., Lemons, J., and Tuana, N., 2006, The importance of expressly integrating
          ethical analyses into climate change policy formation. Climate Policy 5, 549,A1552.

          15. Lemons, J. and D.A. Brown (eds.). 1995. Sustainable Development: Science, Ethics, and
          Public Policy. Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht, The Netherlands.

          16. (UNFCCC) United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. (Bonn, Germany: UNFCCC
          Secretariat). (http://unfccc.int)

          17. U.S. Department of Commerce. Public Communications, Administrative Order 219,Ai1.
          March 29, 2007. (http://www.commerce.gov/opa/press/Secretary_Gutierrez/2007
           Releases/March/29_DAO_219_l.pdf)




          Sincerely,



          John Lemons, Ph.D




          Full Time Address:

          P.O. Box 788

          Homer, AK 99603

          907 235 1086



          Professional Affiliation:

          Professor of Biology and Environmental Science

          Department of Environmental Studies

          University of New England

          Biddeford, ME 04005

                                                           5




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018845
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         jlemons@une.edu




                                                     6




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0018846
