Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 12:02 PM
         To:                      fjord4@acsalaska.net
         Subject:                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: fjord4@acsalaska.net

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Budget



         Richard Anderson

          2321 Legacy Dr

         Anchorage, AK 99516

         Phone:907 522 0202

         Email:fjord4@acsalaska.net

         Message:I read the list of budget cuts in the paper today, and I'd like you to reconsider
         funding for the Covenant House expansion. Unlike most of the other items, it supports the
         poor of our state, the most vulnerable. It gets lots of private donation support already,
         but this is a positive -- it shows community suppurt, but it still needs a lot more for
         the needy, and it shows the community matching State funds with more donated funds,
         unlike most other projects. The poor and homeless have no lobbiest, no big vote, no
         substantial influence, just personal and real need. We should support the Conenant House
         with State support as well. It's the rignt thing to do. Thank you for your
         condiseration.




                                                               I




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018851
