Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 12:07 PM
         To:                      jbelz@backwoodstech.com
         Subject:                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: jbelz@ backwoodstech.com

          Sent: None

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Subject: Budget



          James Belz

          3330 Creekside Dr

         Anchorage, AK 99504

          Phone:907-244-0207

         Email:jbelz@backwoodstech.com

         Message:This comment and question is about the recent capital budget vetoes.    If you are
         going to veto things like this stop playing games and give the legislature the chance to
         override these vetos.  Our State has a huge surplus of money if these projects are not a
         prioriety now when will they be?    How are they suppose to get power to the new prison?
         Now MEA rate payers will have to pay because the State listened to a bunch of whiners and
         put the prison in an area with no infrastructure.    One last thing do you think the State
         owned roads in Anchorage will get swept before Winter?



         James Belz

         Very unhappy Super voter




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018849
