Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 12:08 PM
         To:                      kfrench@gci.net
         Subject:                 RE: Budget


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: kfrench@gci.net

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Budget



         Kevin French

         1811 W 99th Ave

         Anchorage, AK 99515

         Phone:907-240-6829

         Email:kfrench@gci.net

         Message:Regarding the article;  AfPalin's veto ax lops $268 million from budget,Au and as
         a conservative Alaskan who did vote for Palin.

         If oil was $60 or $70 per barrel, I could see being more careful with spending and taking
         such action as Palin just did. Cutting the budget like Palin just did while we currently
         have $130+ oil &amp; putting people out of work and ultimately impacting economic spending
         in the process is recklessly irresponsible, unacceptable &amp; without saying- completely
         unnecessary.  The Afisaving for a rainy day,Au justification is no longer an excuse with
         the amount of revenues this state is now taking in on oil alone. My own personal survey
         on this action by Palin with friends, family &amp; acquaintances resulted in every single
         person agreeing with me, and they will not be voting for her again as well if she where to
         run for re-election (either for Governor again or for a higher office).



         Words cannot express our disappointment in this governor,ABs decision making process
         regarding the budget axing.  Many people I have spoken to can only view Palin,A8s recent
         demeanor &amp; actions as an arrogant carelessness to show she has a position of power,
         and that she will use it at any cost. Regardless of the amount people who,Abs lives will
         unfortunately &amp; unnecessarily be adversely affected with job losses. Again, Palin,A8s
         actions come when oil is $130+ a barrel. This is entirely unacceptable action by any
         sitting governor.



         Thank you for listening to my important concerns.

                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Kevin French




                                                     2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0018848
