Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:47 AM
         To:                      acperley@gci.net
         Subject:                 RE: Public-Safety


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: acperley@gci.net

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Public_Safety



         Anthony Perley

         210 Galleon Dr

         Anchorage, AK 99515

         Phone:345-6963

         Email:acperley@gci.net

         Message:Sarah, I have lobbied local officals for years about doing something about
         repairing Johns Road in Anchorage. We have lived in its neighborhood for 16 years and have
         watched the road go down hill everyyear. There is an elemenary school on the street; it is
         a major bus route; it is a major route into Ocean View. I have asked the City to do
         something about it and they just say that it is the State's responsibilty. The City says
         that if the State will renovate the road, the City will take over its maintenance. Please,
         Sarah, reconsider your veto of the John's road project. If you doubt what I am saying
         about the road, I implore you to take the time and drive down it. If you don't take back
         your veto, can I have my $100 donation back!!! God Bless you and your family.




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018853
