Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 200811:05 AM
           To:                      fred@homerseniors.com
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: fred@homerseniors.com

            Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Subject: Budget



            Fred Lau

            Homer Senior Citizens, 3935 Svedlund St.

           Homer , AK 99603

            Phone:907-235-7655

           Email:fred@homerseniors.com

           Message :Dear Governor Palin




           We just received a heads-up that you are vetoing the $50,000 that was included in the
           Capital Budget for land purchase for senior housing in Homer. We would like to know the
           rationale behind the veto of this item? These funds were very important to us in
           completing our housing project and if ever there was a need for senior housing, now is the
           time.



            $50,000 is a small item in the total Capital Budget, however, it was a major item for us
            and the completion of our project.



           Fred Lau

           Director

           Homer Senior Citiznes, Inc.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018860
