Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:24 AM
            To:                     Ummons.jwry@gmaii.com
            Subject:                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: timmons.jerry@gmail.com

            Sent: None

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Subject: Other



            Gerald Timmons

            185 Dome Road

            Fairbanks, AK 99709

            Phone:NULL

            Email:timmons .jerry@gmail.com

            Message:A big Thank You for including business in the Electric Utility emergency funding.
            The 'fuel surcharge' has been killing my two small business buildings in Fairbanks and I
            can not pass that cost on to my customers.



            Our legislators seem to be cool to the idea of subsidies creating a welfare mentality. I
            tell them BS and your plan should be approved as presented. Fairbanks fuel is killing
            individuals and small business.



           I support AGIA but also know we MUST do everything possible to get a small diameter
           &quot;bulllet line&quot; from the North Slope into Fairbanks and the rail belt. Sooner,
           not a decade from now but within five years or sooner. Both Rep Jay Ramras and Sen
           Charlie Huggins.spoke in support of a line for in-state gas today at a luncheon.




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018858
