Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 10:55 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 Fw: Kyle


           Pls print

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>



           Date: Tue, 03 Jun 2008 17:34:10

           To:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

          Cc:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: RE: Kyle




          Sharon:



          I went through the same line of questioning with Kyle yesterday for 45 minutes. He wants
          to know our position on Knik Arm. What I told him several times is that public funds are
          involved, anytime public funds are involved, officials should perform a reasonable amount
          of due diligence. That means getting all the information we need to evaluate the project
          so an informed decision can be made. So we are asking hard questions of KABATA. We will
          keep asking hard questions until we are satisfied with the answers.



          I also told him that we just received 80 pages of information this week from KABATA. That
          information is being reviewed by experts at DOT and LAW who will provide input back to us.



          The answer to Kyle's question of pursuing the project even if it means the state puts more
          money into it could be Privileged or Pe i


        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                               i




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0018866
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The answer to Kyle's question whether the bridge is a good thing could be:



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           The answer to the question of how Knik Arm compares with Gravina could be:



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Kyle has Frank Richard's April 22, 2008, letter to KABATA asking a lot of tough questions.



           Kyle has somehow gotten a copy of Frank's letter to KABATA. It's 3 pages of tough
           questions to them about the project and again asking KABATA to education the public and
           legislators on all the details of the project.



           I don't know how he got it.




           Randy




                                                            2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0018867
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Sent: Tuesday, June 03, 2008 3:53 PM

            To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            Subject: Kyle



           Randy-



           This is what I got from Kyle. He is looking to gauge the Governor's support of the
           project.               or Personal Material Redactprl
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                        ouq ts?




           Yeah -- I'm trying to take the pulse of KABATA and the bridge project in the wake of
           George Wuerch leaving last month, and DOT asking some hard questions about the project
           costs and potential risk to the state.



           I'd want to ask the governor things like whether she supports pursuing the project even if
           it means the state needs to put more money in it, and how she sees the project in
           comparison to the Gravina Island bridge.




           Sharon Leighow

           Deputy Press Secretary

           Deputy Communications Director



           (907) 269-7450 Anchorage

           (907) 465-4031 Juneau

           (907) 240-7943 cell




                                                          3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0018868
