Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:05 AM
           To:                      cityofelim@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Public-Safety


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: cityofelim@yahoo.com

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Public-Safety



           Teresa Allen

           PO Box 110

           Elim, AK 99739

           Phone:907-890-3441

           Email:cityofelim@yahoo.com

           Message:Our Representative just called to say that you plan to VETO the $100,000 request
           for building a house for a VPSO in our village. We have NO law of any kind in our
           village.  Much crime is committed because of this and it would seem that you don't care
           about 320 of your constituants in our corner of the State who are in constant danger
           without any law officer. In the last 6 monthes we have two persons that applied to be our
           VPSO and when they found out we had no place for them to live they went elsewhere. Please
           reconsider!!  I thought that your were for us not against us. How you feel about changing
           your mind would have a direct effect on my opinion of how you look at issues and your
           suitability as the leader of our state.




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0018861
