Unknown

From :                    Erika Fagerstrom [erika_fagerstrom@gov.state, ak. us]
Sent :                    Monday, February 26, 2007 3:23 PM
To:                       fek9wnr@yahoo.com
Subject :                 FW: Todd Pain Iron Dog Interview Part 1 and attachment


Hello Todd,



Steve, from "Winning Edge", called because your email account wouldn't let his email go through. I
had him send me the information so that I could forward it to you. My guess is that his emails are in
with your junk mail.



I'll print the information and leave it on your desk.



What a huge switch from the Iron Dog one week to the political world in D.C. the next!



Take care,

Erika




-----Original Message-----

From: Winning Edge [mailto:winningedge@chartermi.net]

Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2007 3:09 PM

To: erika_fagerstrom@gov.state, ak. us

Subject: Todd Pain Iron Dog Interview Part 1 and attachment



Hi Todd it was sure nice speaking to you the other night, glad to see

everyone is doing well.


                                                        1                           ROSTON 00016




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
You can't believe how badly we want to move up now that our last child

Stacey is graduating. We had an agreement with our kids that we would stay

in the area until they graduated High School, after that it was our turn.

The problem we have now is the fact Michigan is in a deep single state

recession so selling our house is going to be difficult. While the

snowmobile industry is hurting we had a little help with S.W. cutting to

four issues a year. We are the only monthly print magazine covering racing

so subscriptions are picking up. To be honest we would like to move up find

a Bed and Breakfast to run off the beaten path in Alaska and do the magazine

on the side. We'll just have to say our prayers and keep our fingers

crossed.



Now on to the interview. This is just a few questions to get you going.

I'll have more on the way Tuesday. Remember this is The Winning Edge so

don't worry about the length of your answers, just answer them in a way you

would find interesting if you were the reader.



Need photos Trying to track down pictures from the '07 awards banquet as

well as win pictures featuring your past Iron Dog winning teammates and

action shots from those years. Any help would sure mean a lot. Just e-mail

them down as high res. JPEG's I still have pictures from the 1995 Iron Dog

and Gold Star Alaska '96 races. That Gold Star poster you and the other

drivers signed that day is framed hanging up in my office - see attached.

The van hood on the right is from our old Transvan. Last winter while going

through a pretty mild and snow less January I pulled out the old hood, dug

                                                     2                         ROSTON 00017




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
out a bunch of our old Alaska pictures and a can of spray glue. Sherry cut

them into some pretty nice shapes. It brings back a lot of good memories

especially of my father who passed away a year ago September 10th.



Also could we have your middle initial it might sound better in the answer

section.



Is a Tuesday March 6, deadline possible with your tight schedule?




Thank You

Your Friends in the lower 3482

Steve & Sherry Landon

989-588-9213




Interview Part 1



W, E. -- Tell us a little bit about yourself; Age, Hometown, Education,

Family , Employment , Hobbies , Etc....



T.P.--



W.E. -- Do recall you first snowmobile experience as well as your first

sled? Tell us a little bit about both of them. Has your family always been

outdoor enthusiasts? If yes what other activities are you involved in?

                                                    3                        ROSTON 00018




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
T.P. -



WE. Have any of your children raced or planning to race in the future?



T. P.



W.E. You owned and operated a Polaris dealership in Big Lake from 199? -?

Tell us about that dealership and what led to eventually moving on to other

things? Does the dealership still exist today? If yes who now owns it?




W.E. -- How did you get involved in racing? What types of racing have you

been active in over the years in addition to running the Iron Dog?



T.P. --



W.E. Tell us about you first snowmobile race ; Sled raced , type of race,

finish and most memorable moment from that race?




W.E. -- What attracted you to cross-country racing? How did you get

involved? Do you recall your first cross-country race where? When? What

you were driving? How did you finish? Have you tried any oval or snow


                                                   4                          ROSTON 00019




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
cross? If yes what kind of success have you had? With Chad Gueco and Bill

Wilkes winning the Soo do you have any interest in giving it a try?




T.P. --




W.E. -- Can you list the year make and models of the sleds you have raced?

Is their any particular favorites you have from the; 1970's , 1980's, 1990's




W.E. - Please give us your career record 19?? - 2007 Note Person you raced

with on team events? Any special memories of race other than the Iron Dog

that really stands out.



T.P. --




W.E. Tell us about how you came to race in the Iron Dog? How did that

first race go?



T.P.



W.E. Speaking of Polaris you won your first Tesoro Iron Dog in 1995 with

                                                    5                          ROSTON 00020




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
Dewayne Drake and continued running Polaris in both the Iron Dog and Gold

Star Alaska races until 19??. What did you like about the Polaris models of

that period? What led you to make the switch to Arctic Cat?



T.P.



W.E. You have often said your family has been you biggest supporters. How

do you feel they have they contributed.




                                                  6                           ROSTON 00021




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
