Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:33 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:31 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Michael Farling

            address: 8518 109th St. N Seminole FL 33772




            MESSAGE:

            Governor, your country need you. John McCain needs a VP too bring conservatives on board
            once and for all. Your our choice not only for VP, but we would also like too make you
            President of the United States one day.



            mfarling@tampabay.rr.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0018878
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                  Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.govj
               Sent:    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 10:21 AM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Evaluating Structual Adjustment: A Dissenting Opinion



              From : Council on Hemispheric Affairs [mailto:noreply@coha.org]
              Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 10:00 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Evaluating Structual Adjustment: A Dissenting Opinion


               A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press
                              Release
                                    About COHA In the News Forum Internships

                     Evaluating Structural Adjustment: A
                             Dissenting Opinion
                 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank (WB) have come under heavy
                 crutiny for their structural adjustment programs . These programs, which feature loans
                 :onditional upon neoliberal economic reforms, have been implemented countless times in
               0 iumerous developing countries since the 198os. Recently, these loans have been criticized
                 or failing to provide the promised economic growth and for adversely affecting the poor.
                 Today, it has become expedient for politicians to blame IMF and WB programs as the
                 ource of their countrys past and current economic woes; railing against the policies of the
                 MF and WB has become a common theme of Latin Americas resurgent populist leaders.
                 r'et, the truth of the matter is that the IMF and WBs structural adjustment programs are
                 iot solely to blame for the economic plight that hit many developing countries . Structural
                 adjustment could still be a sound policy; it simply needs to be revised in light of its multiple
                 )robl ems.

              Misplaced Criticism
              One of the primary complaints against structural adjustment policies is that they
              disproportionately harm the poor . Critics claim that by forcing governments to cut
              spending, the poor lose critically needed social welfare programs . While this is indeed one
              of the negative effects of adjustment policies, its criticism is shortsighted . Oftentimes,
              structural adjustment loans are given to countries with extreme budget deficits, which are
              the primary cause of runaway inflation . To combat this inflation, which in many loan-
              receiving countries can top ioo percent a month , most adjustment loans require cuts in
               overnment spending. Though cuts in spending hurt those who rely on welfare programs,
              runaway inflation poses a much greater risk to their livelihoods . When faced with
               yperinflation, most people seek to place their assets into unaffected areas, such as real
              estate, gold, and foreign investments. This transfer of assets is relatively easy for the upper
              and middle classe s to accomplish. The poor, on the other hand, are often unable to shift


               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0018879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                              Page 2 of 2


                heir assets into unaffected areas due to their relative lack of access to the appropriate tools for
                 oing so. As a result, the poor bear the brunt of hyperinflation, often losing their entire life savings
                n the process. Therefore, while cuts in government spending impose difficulties on the poor, they
                re merely temporary and pale in comparison to those caused by hyperinflation.

                                                                                                                      Full article..!

                (This analysis was prepared by COHA Research Associate Stephen Okin



                Wednesday, June 4th, 2008 I Press release


                The CounciIon Hemispheric A airs,founded in x975, is an independent, non-profit, non partisan, tax-exempt research and
                 information organization. It  been described on the Senatefloor as being "one of the nation's most respected bodies of
                    scholars and policy makers."For more information, please see our web page at www.coha.or ; or contact our
                             Washington offices by phone (202) 223-4975,fax (202) 223-4979, or email coha@coha.org.
                                       If you no longer wish to receive ourpress releases, you may unsubscribe.




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                                             P RA_GS P01 _0018880
