Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:29 AM
           To:                       howsong@gci.net
           Subject:                  RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

           From: howsong @ gci.net

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Glenn Howson

           325 Irwin # 2

           Anchorage, AK 99508

           Phone:907-274-3754

           Email:howsong@gci.net

           Message:Dear Governor Palin,




           My name is Glenn Howson and I'm a resident of beautiful downtown Mountain View in the
           Municipality of Anchorage. The 2009 Budget items affecting us were presented by Senator
           Wielokowski at our last Council meeting.



           I agreed with all that were listed with the EXCEPTION OF the 3.5 million that would be
           earmarked for the CHANLYUT enterprise.  They just got a newly remodeled living quarters
           and they have the Diner on the corner that could, if properly managed, generate funding.
           I have no idea what the 3.5 million would be spent on, nor have they presented any kind of
           proposals to the Community Council before trying to get the money from you.



           If you must AX items from all the proposals being submitted, I strongly urge you to cut
           this one first.



           thanks much for your time and consideration,




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0018881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          glenn howso




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0018882
