  Unknown

  From :     Erika Fagerstrom [erika_fagerstrom@gov.state. ak.us]
  Sent:      Wednesday, February 28, 2007 9:57 AM
  To:        fek9wnr@yahoo.com
  Subject: TA, NGA,Piper's skates, Interview
  Hi Todd,

 Willow said that you're in Soldotna...? Hope you enjoyed your time in D.C. at the NGA meeting! I'm
 interested to hear how it went and what your thoughts are after listening to the speakers. Seems like it
 would be hard to go from this intense- physically taxing snowmobile race- to sitting in a room listening to
 conference speakers. Hopefully they were interesting enough to sit through or you had enough coffee.

  When you get a chance could you let me know what flight you traveled on and if you have any expenses
  (receipts) that you need to be reimbursed for. Your TAs end when you return to Anchorage, so that's
  when I start to bother you about getting boarding passes, receipts, etc... to me. You could drop them off
  in an envelope at any of the Governor's offices, and just address it: Erika Fagerstrom- Governor's
  House, Juneau, and the state mail system will get it to me.

  You should have an email from Steve Landon, from Winning Edge magazine, with interview questions
  that I forwarded to you. If you want to receive his emails, I think you need to check your junk mail filter, as
  he has the correct address.

  Piper has ice skating next Tuesday, 3/6 during school. If at all possible could you send her skates and
  helmet down to Juneau? I wasn't sure if the Governor was stopping at home this weekend, if that's the
  case she could bring them back on Sunday. They have rentals at the rink, so there's a back up plan.

  It sounds like Sally is planning on staying in Juneau until Monday, since Piper and Willow will be here.
  Just as a reminder- I have two gals in there early 20's that have had security clearance and are available
  to stay at the House (over a weekend or whatever) when both of you are planning to be out of town.

 That' s all for now, please don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything!

 Thanks,
 Erika




 Erika Fagerstrom
 Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
 Governor 's House
 State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
 716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
 Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




                                                                                                     ROSTON 00022

  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
