Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 10:13 AM
           To:                      JBarnett@alaska.com
           Subject :                RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: JBarnett@ alaska.com

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Other




           Jim Barnett

           10050 Prospect Drive

           Anchorage, AK 99507

           Phone:346-2755

           Email:JBarnett@alaska.com

           Message:I understand that you are considering vetoing the Whittier levee reconstruction.
           This is a serious mistake.



           The levee funding is to replace a 70-year old military-constructed dam structure that is
           now failing and, when it fails, will flood the community--including its school, principal
           residence structure, rail yard and harbor.  Although the people of Whittier are poor and
           not influential, they need your support as their governor. Please do not make this error.



           I suspect you and your staff have never been to Whittier nor understand this issue.
           However, rest assured, this is a life safety matter and is NOT a boondoggle.



           Jim Barnett




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018872
