Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:34 AM
           To:                      Pate; Michael J (DOA)
           Subject :                RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: jude.pate@alaska.gov

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Subject: Budget



           Jude Pate

           703 Lake Street

           Sitka, AK 99835

           Phone:747-8683

           Email:jude.pate@alaska.gov

           Message:Jude Pate

           703 Lake Street

           Sitka, Alaska

           99835



                                                                             May 22, 2008



           Governor Sarah Palin

           State of Alaska

           Juneau Office

           P.D. Box 110001

           Juneau, AK 99811-0001




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0018876
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Dear Governor:




           I am asking you to lend your support for the $250,000 appropriation for the Sitka Sound
           Science Center to continue hatchery operations at the Sage Building on the former Sheldon
           Jackson campus.



           My wife and two sons had the pleasure of meeting you during your visit to Sitka last
           October.  I also had the opportunity to speak with you and your staff during my interview
           for the Sitka Superior Court judicial selection process. I want to let you know you made
           a good decision and that Judge David George is doing an excellent job on the bench.



           My family depends upon local salmon not only as a healthy food source but also as an
           important family bonding and educational time in harvesting and processing our salmon.
           The fish produced from the hatchery help sustain our unique Alaskan way of life. In this
           way, the grant money is an investment in not only Alaska but Alaskans.



           Additionally, it would be a travesty to lose this important educational facility as it is
           ideally situated in southeast Alaska with an unparalleled access to the natural resource
           environments for continued study and analysis.




                                                            Thanks,




                                                            Jude Pate




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0018877
