Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, June 05, 2008 3:40 PM
          To:                      Hecht; Holly (HSS)
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, June 05, 2008 3:25 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Holly Hecht

          address: PO Box 2222 Kenai AK 99611




          MESSAGE:

          Greetings Governor Palin!!




          I just wanted to tell you that I think that you are doing a SUPER job :) I can't express
          enough how great it is to have you in charge of things. As a State Employee, and as a
          life-long resident of the State of Alaska, I can say with confidence that you are the best
          thing that has happened to State Government since as far back as I can remember.




          Thank you for knowing your stuff, sticking to your guns, and putting Alaska first.




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0018896
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          All the Best!!



          Holly Hecht



          Kenai



          holly.hecht@alaska.gov




                                                      2
