Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, June 04, 2008 9:23 AM
            To:                      akleigh@mtaonline.net
            Subject:                 RE: Budget


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: akleigh@mtaonline.net

            Sent: None

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Subject: Budget



            Thomas Leigh

            3435 North Arabian Lane

            Palmer, AK 99645

            Phone:(907) 746-3966

            Email:akleigh@mtaonline.net

            Message:Dear Governor Palin



            I appreciate your effort to put aside some of the budget surplus for use at a later time.
            However , some of the surplus could be put to a very effective use now.



            I propose using some of the surplus to help pay off debts of non-profit social service
            institutions such as Community Health Centers.   For example,the Anchorage Neighborhood
            Health Center and Mat-Su Health Services could use the money to pay off long term debts
            such as mortgages. If these were paid off, money could be used to expand services, and
            pay employees a decent wage. Using surplus funds now to eliminate debt throughout the
            public sector would pay dividends far down the road. Money that has been borrowed to
            finance schools could be paid back, freeing up more money for education, and improvement
            of our university system. Is it wise to be paying interest when we don't have to? We
            should be able to pay for things as we go, without borrowing.



            We have an opportunity to INVEST in Alaska's future, that will pay dividends far in excess
            of what we could earn by saving for a rainy day. Let us wisely use the money we have now
            to make sure we have an economy that will continue to provide for all Alaskans, when the
            resource extraction phase of our economy is waning.



                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018886
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Thanks for listening. I would appreciate a reply about the pracicality, legality and
           possibility of this approach.



           Tom Leigh




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0018887
