Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, June 05, 2008 9:42 AM
          To:                      'sacora@gci. net'
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 11:05 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Terry Sacora

          address: Sacia Avenue Fairbanks AK 99712

           907-457-4000



          MESSAGE:

          I'd just like to tell Sarah that we think she is the best thing that has happened to this
          state in some time. I feel that she has been instrumental in getting this gas line going
          and I'd like to thank her for standing up to big oil even though Todd works for B.P. In
          this era of partisan politics I know many democrats who think as highly of Sarah as I do.
          I have been a republican for many years and I am ashamed of some of our elected officials
          as I know she has been.




          Thank you for being a breath of fresh air Sarah. My whole family loves you.




         Terry Sacora




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018922
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          sacora@gci.net




                                                     2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0018923
