Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Thursday, June 05, 2008 8:53 AM
         To:                      akosmos@yahoo.com
         Subject:                 RE: Public-Safety


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: akosmos@yahoo.com

         Sent: None

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Subject: Public_Safety



         Abby Kosmos

         P. 0. Box 8183

         Ketchikan, AK 99901

         Phone:907-617-1266

         Email:akosmos@yahoo.com

         Message :Dear Governor Palin:



         I was very disappointed to hear that you took out that portion of the budget that was to
         improve the North Tongass roadway between Totem Bite &amp; Whipple Creek outside of
         Ketchikan.   The situation on. that portion of highway is critical to the public safety of
         Ketchikan residents and visitors alike. This stretch of highway contains a popular state
         park, a grocery store, gas station, restaurant, a trailer park, a recreation area and
         many, many homes. On a daily basis I see children walking or riding bikes along the road
         headed to the grocery store (probably to buy candy as I did at their age) on a very, very
         narrow &amp; unpaved. shoulder.  This situation is very dangerous. Over the last 30+ years
         I can recall 5 deaths just on this small stretch of highway (two of them teens).



         I am concerned that Ketchikan is being forgotten as part of the State of Alaska. Things
         have been cut here that are vital in keeping this area a safe place to live. I never
         thought that millions would be spent on recreation centers, while our roadways went to pot
         w/ no safe shoulder to walk on (a bike path would be so great for North Tongass).



         Thank you so much for your time &amp; consideration. I think you are terrific, but hope
         you don't forget about our basic needs down here in Ketchikan.



                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPOI 0018944
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sincerely,



           Abby Kosmos

           Fellow Class of '82

           Kayhi (Ketchikan High School) Grad




                                                        2
