Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
          Sent:                   Thursday, June 05, 2008 8:58 AM
          To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                RN: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 1:46 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from:   Ms. Laura Buckner

          address: 11966 Marble Ct Penn Valley CA 95946




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Gov. Palin,




         Just wanted to say that you would bring everything I respect and appreciate in women with
         power to the GOP ticket if selected as Sen McCain's running mate . I do not wish upon you
         the invasiveness that would come with the nomination but you have the integrity, grit and
         strength to handle it. You are NOT our version, of Hillary!! You are far more grounded,
         experienced and likable, besides being abundantly qualified!




         I would vote for you!




         I am a resident of Washington St, living in California because my active duty AF husband
         is stationed here. I am a disabled veteran in my own right (retired AF, third generation)
                                                             1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0018941
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          and my oldest son is in AF ROTC in college. I have 3 kids,       a Master's degree and I vote!




          Women like you are what this country needs in politics- honest, strong, focusing on the
          right things and doing your best towards that end.




          I would encourage you to strongly consider the VP nomination if Sen McCain offers it. You
          are the first person to really get me enthused about the GOP ticket in a long time.




          And if the VP offer doesn't come - just keep doing what you are doing for Alaska! Woman in
          the lower 48 have their eyes on you and our prayers for your continued success in all the
          duties of your life! God bless you and stay true!




          Sincerely,




          Laura Buckner




         Maj, USAF ret.




         041gb@sbcglobal.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0018942
