Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, June 05, 2008 8:52 AM
           To:                      Alaskan_John@hotmail.com
           Subject:                 RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Alaskan-John@hotmail.com

           Sent: None

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

            Subject: Budget



           John Beanland

            455 3rd Ave, Apt #604

            Fairbanks, AK 99701

           Phone:(907)687-1462

           Email:Alaskan-John@hotmail.com

           Message:Mrs. Palin,




             By and large, I do approve and admire your administative abilities and support you as a
           governor. You have been rather impressive in the political field and effective in
           responsibly handling our economic siduation. Still, I am baffled by your decision to cut
           funding for $500,000 to the Alaska Center for Energy &amp; Power. The funds are but a
           relatively small portion of the budget and would be (as I understand) matched by the
           federal government on a 2 for 1 basis. I moved up here to Alaska almost three years ago to
           seek my degree, hoping to move into the field of energy research. I know it may not be
           expected for such ,a small group to achieve any tangible results, but thier work would have
           been benificial to the overall progress of energy development in alaska. I have not seen
           your written explaination of veto's as I have yet to locate it, but I would ask that you
           consider supporting the work of research even if it doesn't appear to provide tangible
           results. Research is an incrimental field, its not a series of big breaks and wasted
           money. I hope you will consider this in the future.



           Sincerely,

              John Beanland




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0018946
