Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From : Schmidt, Joseph D (DOC) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JDSCHMIDT]
                 Sent: Thursday, June 05, 2008 12:58 PM
                 To:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
		Subject: (No Subject)

               Hello Governor,
               I was nice to see you at the reception last night , busy times. I thought I 'd give you a quick update on the union
               situation . Right after the Judiciary meeting we called and offered the Business Agent an opportunity to meet with
               us and help design the next prison bus. We also offered a Labor/Management committee and a mediation. They
               accepted all three invitations . We are meeting on our terms , and on subjects appropriate for the union to be
               involved , and so far so good . The director and Deputy Director are in our Juneau facility as we speak answering
               questions of the line staff and Sam and Kevin are in Kenai today meeting about the bus . I don't want to count
               chickens before they hatch , but things look much better today than a couple of weeks ago. Last night I didn't
               chase lawmakers around , but I did get some positive feedback on the whole situation . The most significant was
               Sen. French telling me the union did not make a good case to him and he remains unconvinced of their
               allegations. LB&A did not allow the union to make a statement at their hearing and decided to go ahead with the
               staffing and square foot ratios, and MRSA numbers. None of the remaining allegations will be audited . We have
               nothing to hide, have not lied about any of our decisions or numbers so the audit is good for us. Our ratios are
               better than most states, and if anyone wants to say we need more staff , I wouldn 't argue. When they compare
               school districts and hospitals to us as far as MRSA , we are way better. We are tracking it, unlike most other
               systems and epidemiology is guiding us . If they say we need more medical staff, we wouldn't argue with that
               either.

               Our expansion plan is clicking along as well . The Bethel project (66 beds) may be in trouble as fuel just jumped to
               seven bucks and we have several staff wanting to transfer out. Tough times out there now. The Point Mack
               project ( 1536 beds) and the Seward project ( 144 beds) look strong , both with construction scheduled to begin
               spring 09. Supervised Prisoner crews are building 60 beds in Palmer and with our busses we should be able to
               help the crowding in Anchorage.

               Your support has been a true blessing . Thank you.
               Joe




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0018953
