Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Friday, June 06, 2008 12:28 PM
               To:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject : FW: We Need Energy NOW!




              From : Bill Slayden [mailto:bill@siaydenplumbing.com]
              Sent: Friday, June 06, 2008 12:14 PM
              To: Tim Beckley; Steve Eldridge; Steve & Lisa Eldridge; slundgren@mtmckinleybank.com; Randy
              Jorgensen; Pastor - ZionFairbanks; Pastor Baumgarten; Al Morlan; Rebecca Logan; Jeremiah Castro;
              Andy Workman; Brett McLean; Alex Reeve; Rhonda Boyles; Diane Hutchison; George Osborne; Shawn
              Harriman; Mike Ritchie; Josh Beckley; Josh Rupe; Lenetta Colbert; Henry W Grant; Randy & Tammi
              Weaver; Randy Weaver; Kevin Ohara; Chuck Weigers; Bill Vivlamore; Karl Gohlke; Karl Braun; Charles
              McGonegal; Jessica Eldridge; Ashley Eldridge; Terra Hitchman; Karen Milam; Laura Gillen; Mike Samson;
              Jim Watterson; Jim Weatherby; Joan Johnson; Rohn Abbott; Jeff Ailing; Editor AnchorageDailyNews;
              Carey Atkinson; Scott Barkdull; Scott Barkdull; Gena Barney; Vic Bantling; Lynn Beckley; Isaac Beckley;
              Scott Bell; Danny & Nancy Bernhardt; Charles Bettisworth; Vicki J. Blankenship; John&Mary Blankenship;
              Vicki Blankenship; bette bormann; Kane Bormann; Fred Brown; Doug&Sonja Campbell; Eric Carpenter;
              Jaunelle Celaire; Jason Chalstrom; Kyle Chamberlain; Eric Chase; Linda Chatfield; Allen Cheek; Jim
              Christian; Craig Compeau; Jeff Cook; Gerry Coon; Davis, Paula K (DNR); 'Karyn DeHaas'
              Cc: Mayor FNSB; RepresentativeLes Gara; Art Hackney; Harris, John (LAA); Wilken, Gary R (LAA);
              Therriault, Gene (LAA); Bunde, Con (LAA); Huggins, Charlie (LAA);
              senator tomas_wagoner@legis.state.ak.us; Green, Lyda N (LAA); Thomas, Joe (LAA); Stoltze, Bill
              (LAA); Ramras, Jay B (LAA); Coghill, John (LAA); Kelly, Mike (LAA); Kawasaki, Scott Jw (LAA); Governor
              Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: We Need Energy NOW!

              June 6, 2008
                      A few months ago I met with Representative Jay Ramras concerning energy costs. I
              suggested to him that our State, with its immense wealth, needed to help relieve our citizens of
              the huge burden they are carrying caused by the continually rising cost of energy. Today, crude
              oil prices reached all time highs of $139 .00 plus per barrel making Alaskan 's energy
              requirements all the more desperate.

                      While the AGIA and competing natural gas lines are good for Alaska in the long run they
              will do little to reduce energy costs for at least 10 years. Enstar Natural Gas Company has
              proposed to build a smaller gas line from the North Slope to Fairbanks then on to Cook Inlet.
              This line could be delivering low cost natural gas to Alaskans in five years! The State of Alaska
              continues to enjoy extraordinary income from oil revenues caused by record prices. Ironically,
              the same record prices are destroying Alaskan's economic future. I have heard that Fairbanks
              may lose 20% of its population in the next year if economic trends continue. What good does 45
              billion dollars in the bank do if the State's citizens are going broke and leaving?

                       We need to show our Legislators and our Governor that Alaskans are in need and we
              need their immediate help. I have heard that at least one of our local State Senators thinks this
              rally is point less. Let us show him and the rest of his peers just what the point is, and that is,
              Alaskans are not going to allow our State Government to conduct business as usual. Our elected
              officials need to fully understand that our government is here to serve its citizens---not the other


              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0018978
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


              way around. These extra ordinary times requires extra ordinary actions.

                     Please join me and thousands of other Alaskans at the Carlson Center Thursday, June 12th from
              5-5:30PM.


              Thank you, Bill

              William L. Slayden,
              President, Slayden Plumbing & Heating, Inc.
              1999 Richardson Hwy. North Pok, Alaska 99705 (907)188-3359
              email :         ta,slaydenplumbing.com
                          billn




              10/15/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0018979
