Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :     Sean Parnell Privileged or Pers
                Sent:      Friday, June 06, 2008 8:48 PM
                To:        gov. palin@yahoo.com
                Cc:        Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
                Subject: Water/Mining Initiative Info re lawsuits
                The AG's Office filed papers today to partially resolve the water/mining initiative issues. Here's our fact
                sheet gay is forwarding to Mike Nizich and Sharon L in case your office gets any calls).

                What happened?
                   All parties have agreed to dismiss the 07WATR appeal and allow the Alaska Supreme Court
                     to resolve whether 07WTR3 should be on the ballot Simply put, the first water/mining
                     initiative (07WATR) would not be on the ballot, and the AK Supreme Court would decide
                     whether 07WIR3 should be on the ballot.
                   The agreement between initiative sponsors, mining interests , and the State of Alaska would
                     leave in place judge Blankenship's (Fairbanks) order enjoining the state from putting the
                     07WATR initiative on the ballot. It would have the AK Supreme Court vacate judge Torrisi's
                     (Dillingham) decisions and order regarding 07WATR
                       On Friday, the State of Alaska, the 07WATR sponsors,.and 07WATR opponents jointly asked
                        the Alaska Supreme Court to:
                           o vacate the Dillingham Superior Court's order to distribute signatures booklets to
                              sponsors of 07WATR
                           o dismiss the State's appeal to the Alaska Supreme Court of the Dillingham Superior
                              Court's decision to certify 07WATR
                           o dismiss the 07WATR sponsors' appeal to the Supreme Court of the Fairbanks Superior
                              Court's decision that 07WATR constituted an appropriation.

               What does this mean for voters?
                  If the Alaska Supreme Court agrees to the request, 07WATR will not appear on the ballot
                  Whether 07WTR3 appears on the August Primary ballot is yet to be decided by the Alaska
                    Supreme Court, regardless of the outcome of the joint request.

               Who's involved?
                  07WATR sponsors (Holman, Hobson, Akelkok);
                  07WATR opponents (Pebble Limited Partnership, Council of Alaska Producers, Alaska
                    Federation of Natives (AFN) and Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act Association of CEO's
                    (ANCSA);
                  State of Alaska, Lt Governor Parnell (who originally declined to put 07WATR on the ballot
                    on constitutional grounds).

               Why did this partial resolution of the water/mining initiatives occur?
                  All parties agreed that 07WATR should not appear on the upcoming ballot
                  All parties agree that having two related initiatives on the same ballot fosters confusion.
                  Additionally,
                        o The sponsors of the initiative believe that 07WTR3 accomplishes the principal goals of
                           07WATR
                        o The Lt. Governor and the initiative opponents believe that 07WATR should not appear
                           on the ballot because it is an appropriation of state assets, which is unconstitutional. .

                    Oral arguments in the case will take place on June 16. The state has requested that the
                     Supreme Court decide what will appear on the ballot by July 10, so that ballots can be printed
                     on time.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0018976
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                Page 2 of 2




               10/15/2009


                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0018977
