  Unknown

  From:      Sarah Palin (govpalin@yahoo.com)
  Sent:      Saturday, March 03, 2007 6:43 AM
  To:         Sarah Palin'; 'mike _tibbles@gov.state. ak.us'; 'Frank Bailey'; 'John Bitney'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
  Cc:        Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
  Subject : Re: Fwd: Taylor Made[1]
  never mind about the "anonymous" email sender... Todd forwarded this from the home computer
  in Wasilla... this message was composed by Steve Florey in Anchorage, evidently, and passed
  around.

  Denby -              A.td e.W

  Sarah Palin <govpalin@yahoo.com> wrote:

   Mike or Frank - does anyone know how anyone could send an annonymous email from
   my old personal account (spalin@mtaonline.net) that I don't even use anymore... I did
   NOT send this email.

   Also, Mike(s),-          'lam, e.,A OLC.^ G aS.


   sarah <spalin@mtaonline.net> wrote:

        From: "sarah" <spalin@mtaonline.net>
        To: "sarah palin" <spalin(cilmtaonline.net>
        CC: "John W. Bitney"

        Su jec .        _ de[11
        Date: Sat , 3 Mar 2007 05:50:57 -0900

             Denby's Game Guy - "Taylor-made" for a Wildlife Disaster

           · Mr. Taylor's ultimate claim to fame was his intense personal satisfaction
             with his important role in moving Canadian wolves into Yellowstone
             National Park.

           . At a conference in Homer with Deborah Williams' group (now known as
             the Alaska Conservation Voters), Mr. Taylor recounted his efforts to aid
             the restoration of wolves to Yellowstone National Park including the Iine,
             "I cried when the wolves were released at Yellowstone". Very
             progressive, Ken! Now every hunter in the whole country is crying over
             this unmitigated disaster.

           · Mr. Taylor, an active liberal , was an enthusiastic supporter and
             campaigner for Democrat Fran Ulmer's unsuccessful run for governor.

           . In Fairbanks, from about'85 to'91 (or so) he had dismal performance. His

                                                                                                      ROSTON 00032
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
           penchant for playing golf and chasing "the good life" sent him on the National and
           International meetings circuit to the point that the Fairbanks staff referred to him
           as "The Vacancy Factor".

        . Mr. Taylor's tenure at Region III in Fairbanks followed a stint as one of the worst
          area biologist's in corporate memory. He was assigned in Dillingham (Mulchatna
          Caribou herd, etc.) where he distinguished himself by never having any data for
          the Board (or probably the Region) on population dynamics or changes. He
          virtually sat in the chair and accomplished nothing.

        . As the management coordinator in cahoots with Chris Smith (ultra greenie and
          "anti" sympathizer), he made sure Bob Stevenson, one of arguably the best five
          wolf biologists in the world was taken out as the Department's wolf expert and re-
          assigned as an area biologist. The new wolf guy was a much better "yes" man.

        . Taylor was "responsible" for decisions during the Department's GMU 20A wolf
          control efforts and could have easily avoided the confrontation with Gordon
          Haber, which put Gordie on the evening news after the Dept. muffed efficiently
          killing a wolf in a snare with the cameras rolling.

        . In the 1990s, Taylor worked for some time as the Deputy Director of the Division
           of Wildlife Conservation under his CSU college buddy and longtime friend Wayne
           Rye lin. Among his notable achievements, he can be credited (at least in part) with
           the Department's disastrous wolf sterilization program.

        . He was later appointed Director of Habitat under Tony Knowles and was at the
          helm during the time they really got into trouble. There were eyewitness accounts
          of Habitat staffers throwing pizza parties to celebrate their victories in shutting
          down commercial/industrial endeavors. Murkowski subsequently moved Habitat
          to DNR to neutralize the Division's radical environmental gang's ability to stifle
          industry/development.

        . Throughout his career, Taylor was uniformly known as a worthless supervisor by
          those he supervised, except for the habitat folks whom he let do anything the
          regional Habitat Supervisor wanted to do.



   Be a PS3 game guru.
   Get your game face on with the latest PS3 news and previews at Yahoo! Games.



  veryone is raving about the all-new Yahoo! Mail beta.




                                                                                           ROSTON 00033
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
