  Unknown

  From :     Scott Heyworth [heyworth@gci.net]
  Sent:      Saturday, March 03, 2007 12:29 PM
  To:        Heyworth; Todd; Todd Palin
  Subject: Northern Dynasty skeptical of survey methods, results




        Web posted Friday, March 2, 2007

        Northern Dynasty skeptical of survey methods , results
        Pebble poll shows support for habitat protection

        By HAL SPENCE
        Peninsula Clarion

        Opponents of Northern Dynasty's proposed Pebble Mine say a new opinion poll shows
        that provisions in Bristol Bay protection bills now before the Alaska Legislature are
        supported by a vast majority of Alaskans.

        A spokesperson for Northern Dynasty Mines Inc. doubts the survey methods and the
        results, calling it part of a broad effort to raise fears and squelch the project before it
        gets a fair hearing.

        The poll, commissioned by the Renewable Resources Coalition and conducted by
        Hellenthal and Associates , asked more than 400 registered voters statewide whether
        they favored or opposed legislation meant to protect Bristol Bay fisheries.

        In a press release Wednesday, the coalition said Hellenthal found 83 percent of Alaskans
        supported salmon protections in House Bill 134. Among other things, that bill would
        prohibit draining and destruction of salmon spawning streams for industrial purposes.

        Sixty-seven percent said they supported the habitat protection concepts at the heart of
        Senate Bill 67. That bill would establish a game refuge in the watersheds making up the
        headwaters of Bristol Bay - an area completely surrounding the proposed mine site.
        The refuge would be named after late Gov. Jay Hammond and is supported by his
        widow, Bella Hammond, and other family members, the coalition said.

        Sixty-nine percent of respondents said creation of one of the world's largest open pit
        mines at the headwaters of the Bristol Bay watershed was a negative development for
        Alaska.

        Scott Brennan, chief operating officer of the Renewable Resources Coalition, said
        sponsors of the measures, including Sen. Gary Stevens, R-Kodiak, and Rep. Bryce
        Edgmon, D-Dillingham, were putting people and fisheries first.

        "Despite Northern Dynasty's corporate spin, these bills are widely supported in Alaska.
        Our Bristol Bay fisheries are too valuable to risk," Brennan said.

        Reached in Juneau on Wednesday shortly after appearing at legislative hearings on
        House Bill 134, Brennan said it was clear Alaskans valued salmon habitat protection and

                                                                                             ROSTON 00034
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
    clean water.

    "They've seen that the (regulatory) system has been weakened over the four-plus years
    under Gov. Frank Murkowski. That message has been heard in Juneau," he said. "My
    sense of the hearings today was that members of the committee heard the concerns of
    the commercial, sport and subsistence fisheries communities in Bristol Bay and will
    continue to discuss HB 134 and habitat protection in general."

     Hellenthal's survey was conducted between Feb. 12 and Feb. 20 and had a 95-percent
     confidence level and a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percent.

    Sean Magee, vice president for public affairs with Northern Dynasty Mines Inc., said it
    was no accident the release of the poll data was timed to coincide with the launch of
    hearings on the pending legislation in Juneau. He said Northern Dynasty suspects the
    Renewable Resources Coalition is engaging in push polling using questions designed to
    elicit desired results.

    "I would want to see the entire poll and the questions before giving much credence to
    the results," he said.

    Brennan said the Renewable Resources Coalition had no problem releasing the
    questions.

    On the other hand, Magee acknowledged Northern Dynasty faces a daunting political
    reality.

    When it comes to the environment and potential for harm represented by development,
    issues soon reach emotional "apple pie and motherhood" territory, he said.

    Alaskans' expressions of concern were legitimate and understandable, he added, but
    easing those concerns was part and parcel of the company's efforts in focusing on good
    science, its environmental program and community education outreach.

    "That's the traditional approach," Magee said . "But this is not a traditional project."

    Having well-financed , professional activists running an orchestrated campaign of the
    scope exhibited by the Renewable Resources Coalition is not conventional, he said,
    likening it to the advertising power of a McDonalds.

    "We have to compete with that message," he said.

    From Northern Dynasty's perspective, a "fear campaign" is easier to produce than trying
    to communicate the complexities of a mine development and environmental protection
    plan.

    "There is no doubt their advertising campaign is influencing peoples ' perceptions of
    Pebble," Magee acknowledged. "It's a very significant campaign."

    He said the Renewable Resources Coalition hasn't released figures on what they are
    spending, but Northern Dynasty professionals believe it to be in the range of $2 million
    to $3 million.

                                                                                        ROSTON 00035
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
     Brennan said the Renewable Resources Coalition is as 501-c corporation operating under
     federal requirements and to that degree its financing is a matter of public record.

     "Our budget comes from our member organizations," he said. "We have over 300
     individuals and businesses who support us and enable us to work to protect their
     interests in Bristol Bay. The members speak for themselves."

     Brennan went on to say he saw it as ironic that a Canadian company raising money in
     Europe, the Middle East and other parts of the world would be critical of Alaskans joining
     forces "to protect one of the world's greatest salmon fisheries."

     Magee said thanks to the Renewable Resources Coalition campaign, many Alaskans
     might now believe that Pebble will destroy the Bristol Bay fishery. However, Northern
     Dynasty claims its mine will touch only "two modest tributaries" of the eight rivers that
     comprise the Bristol Bay fishery system. Six of those rivers, he said, supply 80 percent
     of the sockeye production for Bristol Bay. The two tributaries represent "less than one-
     half percent," he said.

    "Our commitment is that our project will cause no reduction to any fishery," Magee said.

    The Pebble project is years away from production. The earliest permitting applications
    would be filed would be late 2008, he said, and more likely 2009. Given the controversy
    surrounding the project, the permit process could take three years, Magee said.

     Brennan said, however, that Pebble was just "the tip of the iceberg."

    There are more than 1,200 mining claims in the region around Pebble, he said, and a
    million more acres the Bureau of Land Management wants to open up to development.

     Hal Spence can be reached at harold.spence@peninsulaclarion.com.




                                                                                     ROSTON 00036
  10/14/2009




Released to msnbc.com by the state of Alaska and presented by Crivella West
