Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, June 06, 2008 9:28 AM
           To:                      'askrpl3@uaa.alaska.edu'
           Subject :                RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Thursday, June 05, 2008 10:35 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from:     Kacey Pellegrini

           address: 2921 e 84th #2 Anchorage AK 99517

            907-522-0106



           MESSAGE:

           Dear gov.




               You are one on the most respected people that have come along in a little while. You
           not only have my respect you have many people of my generation ' s respect.



              I am a poor collage student. I have no job, and am trying to support my family with
           little means but I do have hope-



              I respect the way you have fought for rights for the majority of people, when others
           before you decided to take rights away.



              You are tough as nails and have the will to fight,but not only do you do that, you do
           it with compassion and caring. You are exactly what we need at the right time in Alaskan
           history.




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               I am going to school for accounting but hopefully some day if I get the courage I can
            help others the way you do.



                   YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY ROLE MODEL.




            thank you




            askrpl3@uaa. alaska.edu




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019010
