Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Monday, June 09, 2008 10:24 AM
          To:                      Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
          Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: PSEA ratified Friday


          Thanks very much Annette. I appreciate the update... and your hard work on all of these!                             S

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>



           Date: Sun, 08 Jun 2008 11:51:56

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Cc:"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

           Subject: PSEA ratified Friday




           I forgot to mention - ballots were counted on Friday June 6 - and PSEA ratified our offer.
             This contract is difficult to briefly explain because it contains so many premium pays,
           but essentially the offer was:



           5% increase July 1, 2008

           Service steps beginning July 1, 2008

           One-time only step increase for Bachelor' s degree

           Field Training Officers receive 7. 5% increase up from 5% increase over salary for stepping
           up and being a training officer. Hopefully, this will mean that only the best will be
           selected to be training officers.

           For obtaining an Intermediate or Advanced Police Certificate issued by the Police
           Standards Council - 3.75%



           3% increase July 1, 2009



           3% increase July 1, 2010



          We faced competition from other police departments (most notably MOA), but were able to
          structure a competitive offer that I believe will help with recruitment and retention of

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019071
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          employees who the State has invested much to train.



          IBU - one of the maritime unions has ballots out and we ' ll see if they turn down the offer
          we made to them. Deadline is June 27 .    It could go either way , as the Masters, Mates and
          Pilots and Marine Engineers Beneficial Association are dragging their collective feet on
          agreements.



          Once maritime contracts are settled , we can focus on other things ( EEO Plan, grievances,
          Labor Department Building , Recruitment and Retention ) until September when we begin
          negotiations with the Correctional Officers ( ACOA).




          ak




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0019072
