Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Monday, June 09, 2008 9:36 AM
            To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
            Cc:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Permanent Fund




            -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Saturday, June 07, 2008 1:55 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Permanent-Fund



            Web mail from: Mr. Lee Kelley

            address: 1535 Scotwood dr Wasilla AK 99654

              250-1414



            MESSAGE:

            Real Leadership takes guts and risk. I believe you could be the 2012 presidential nominee
            if you can take real risk for the good of Alaska and the nation. No other Governor has the
            opportunity to make such a statement for the good of so many. Please read my plan.
            You've come so far in your first term as Governor I hope for your continued success.




            Alaska Leads the Nation/World




            Yes we can!




                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0019093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "The Alaska Prize:"




                 FIVE    BILLION DOLLARS




                 THREE BILLION DOLLARS




                 ONE    BILLION DOLLARS




                 FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS




                 TWO-HUNDRED AND FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS




                 ONE-HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS




                 FIFTY - MILLION DOLLARS




                 ONE-HUNDRED ,   ONE- MILLION DOLLAR PRIZES    ( Alaska Residents Only)




           Serious?      Absolutely ! Possible ?   Without a doubt!




           "Ah, a man ' s Reach must exceed his grasp or what ' s a heaven for?" Robert Browning




          Too all Alaskans who want to change the world, it is time ,         it is time to define your
          expectation.



                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0019094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           " The Alaska Prize" is a raw all or nothing challenge with a simple definition : SUCCESS.



           IT IS TIME FOR ALL ALASKANS TO COME TO THE AID OF THEIR CONTRY




           FIVE BILLION DOLLARS:




                 100 percent oil, sweet crude replacement.



                 Uses current fuel distribution methods



                 Must sell for less than 65 dollars a barrel



                 An actual operational facility must produce an average of 70,000 barrels per day



                Looks like oil, smells like oil, works just like oil i . e.,      fuels , fertilizers,
           plastics etc.



           TWO BILLION DOLLARS:




                 Carbon Free land based combustion engine exhaust



                 Engines with twenty - five horse power and more



                 Net price increase per unit must be less than 10 percent of total vehicle / unit cost



                Life of carbon free exhaust must exceed manufactures engine life expectancy ...if the
           engine is running there should be no carbon exhaust

                                                           3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0019095
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Carbon free exhaust must not add additional pollutants into the atmosphere... no new
           consequences; i.e., poisons, pollutants, or heat.



           ONE BILLION DOLLARS




                  Carbon Free Sea based combustion engine



                 Vessels greater than 100,000 ton displacement




                  Commercial vessels of all kinds including platforms and vessels on or below the sea



                Carbon Free exhaust must not add additional pollutants into the atmosphere or into
           the sea no new consequences; i.e., poisons, pollutants, or heat.



           "Important....CO2 stored in the sea is not considered a pollutant."




           FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS




                A truly Independent Energy Research facility co-located with UA campuses in
           Anchorage, Fairbanks and Juneau. The total independence of the facility will set the
           standard for measuring what the real costs are for human pollution footprints.



                 When a product or service is rendered there is a cost in energy consumed, waste
           products, recycle costs, even just a trip to Denali produces waste products but it has
           worth.   What is something's real worth positive or negative. The big price tag belies the
           importance of a global costing network. What is green? What is the cost in energy, waste,
           human benefit, etc. We need a global measuring stick. A world Class Facility perhaps in
           some sort of connection with the United Nations. Think of it an independent Alaska
           facility with ties to the United Nations. Not a lap dog for the United Nations but a
           globally influential facility for mankind.




                                                         4




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0019096
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                The Alaskan Facilities well funded will attract the best and brightest. The
           facility will rival all the great scientific institutions in the world. When a carbon
           footprint is spoken of the exact specifics will be known.



                  What are the real costs. What is really green?




           THREE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS




                 Clean Coal to Petroleum Facility




                 Minimum production of 70,000 barrels per day




           TWO HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS:




                 First operational Solar Tower Is in The United States of America




                 Minimum ?? mega watts daily




           ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS




                 First Solar Ranch/s in the United States          of America




                 Minimum ?? mega watts daily




           One Hundred-FIFTY.......... One Million Dollar Prizes:



                                                              5




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0019097
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Bright ideas that succeed, measured in human life, quality of life, and
           inspirational stories, not in dollars, not in gold or silver.



           Alaska Residents Only!! Individuals and Groups of Five or Fewer people!!!




                   SOME POSSIBILITIES MIGHT BE:




                  Agriculture




                  Business




                  Quality of life



                  Medicine



                  Computing




                  Engineering




                  Disaster Response




                  Philosophy




                  Rural Power




                 Heroic Acts




                 Art




                 Aging



                 Self Sacrifice


                                                          6
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Science




                   Just whatever moves you........



            RULES




            Ten Billion Dollars to be deposited in a ten-year interest bearing account with a minimum
            interest guarantee of five percent compounding interest. The "Alaska Prize" must be
            invested in America, i.e., United States of America Savings Bonds, Treasury Notes, War
            Bonds?



            The contest will run for ten years or until all Alaska Prizes are won.



            Each Year on Alaska Statehood Day Winners of the "Alaska Prize" will be announced by the
            Governor of Alaska.




            All account money not awarded in any given year will be rolled over for a period of ten
            consecutive years. At the end of ten years all remaining money is returned into the state
            treasury plus the interest accrued.



            The "Alaska Prize" is All or Nothing. The bar must be reached at the 100 percent level
            and above, 99.999 percent does not reach the goal of 100 percent.



            All prizes are claimed.



            The "Alaska Prize" is not a nomination process at any level,          there are no nominees. You
            walk the talk and you stand on your claim.



             Any individual, a groups representative or Head of State         can make a prize claim at any
            time during the contest.



            There is no prize for the shy or timid the "Alaska Prize" is reminiscent of boom times in
            Alaska, John Service, Bush Pilots, King Crab when Crab was King , Oil pipeline days, and
            homesteading.



            Judges must use common sense and follow the rules.

                                                              7




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0019099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           All rules are fixed and final when the Alaska's Governor first announces the "Alaska
           Prizes" existence.




           The Judges decision is final when rendered ...no do over's, all decisions and mistakes are
           final and unchallengeable by anyone or country.



           By claiming a prize the claimant/s except the rules as written.



            Judges and all participants must follow Alaska Law and obey all current Laws of Physics.



           Failure to follow Alaska Law will eliminate the claimants. Claimants must follow the
           Alaska Laws or they will be disqualified, done, permanently eliminated. Almost meeting
           the letter of the law is a disqualification period. No apologies will be accepted nor
           explanations accepted.



            People and animals must not suffer in anyway.



            All participants EVERYWHERE (globally) must as a minimum meet all Alaskan Environmental
            Laws and Laws of the United States of America throughout the creative and scientific
            process regardless of the claimants country of origin; i.e., If you create a claim in
            Indonesia claimants must still follow Alaska Laws and the Laws of the United States if
            America.




            No part of any "Alaska Prize" can be awarded to: Terrorist States; Communist Countries;
            terrorist organizations; terrorists or any person or group funding or otherwise associated
            with terrorists.




            The "Alaska Prize" is awarded regardless of a person or groups : Sex, Race , Religion,
            Disability, and Sexual Preferences or by Country of Origin. Discrimination against any
            people anywhere will cause the claimant to be ousted , disqualified and eliminated from
            competition . All claimants including countries will be band from further competition for
            that "Alaska Prize."



            "Alaska Prize" claims will be considered serially, first in, first consideration.
            Consideration will continue until the "Alaska Prize" is awarded or any part of the
            claimant's standard is not proven by the claimant.



            First claim that meets the standard of the "Alaska Prize" is the winner of that "Alaska
            Prize." The end.




            If there is another claim that meets the standard of an "Alaska Prize", if it isn't the
            first successful claim there is a zero claim or expectation of a claim regardless of
                                                            8




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019100
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          method used to reach the standard. First is first. Second is zero, there is no standing
          for a second claim. Second is a no claim.



          The "Alaska Prize" isn't a win or lose prize, it is a WIN prize, and it is won by reaching
          the bar first.



          False "Alaska Prize" claims are rejected, and the rejected claims will be published in
          detail in the "Anchorage Daily News" and in full view of the free world



          Frivolous "Alaska Prize" claims are rejected and future claims and re-claims from the same
          claimant will also be rejected. A death nail notice will be issued to the claimant.
          Frivolous claims made in hopes of skipping to the front of the line of claimants are also
          issued a death nail.  Every individual involved in a frivolous claim is also given a death
          nail.  If a person who was given a death nail notice gets involved in another "Alaska
          Prize" that person, group or country is disqualified. Disqualified means out, done, a no
          winner, irrevocably disqualified and final.  All frivolous "Alaska Prize" claims will be
          published in detail in the "Anchorage Daily News" and in full view of the world.




          Results must be repeatable.  Are claimants results repeatable? Yes or No. Results that
          are not repeatable are disqualified, they fail to reach the standard and therefore they
          don't reach the bar. That's it, they're done, failed and without merit.



          There is no time limit to consider a particular claim. But,



          Once a particular claim is brought under consideration by prize judges the claim must be
          verified -(Yes or No)-within 90 days or the judges for the prize must render a No
          judgment.  The claimmee or claimants can reapply for the "Alaska Prize" and be placed at
          the end of the line for that prize for reconsideration. It is the responsibility of the
          claimants that their claim is understandable, and-reproducible, it is not the judge's
          responsibility to weed out the winners.



          Winners must stand alone and not be propped up by a judge. Remember the job of the judge
          is to verify the claim not interpret the verification of the interpretation of the claim.
          Yes or No



          Once a claim is published the clock is started. Either the claimants claim is real and
          well documented or not. Once a claim is found to fall short of the bar that has been set,
          then a NO judgment is rendered and the claim is dismissed.



          All "Alaska Prize" claims must be published in detail in the "Anchorage Daily News" and in
          full view of the world after the judges render their judgment.



          There is no minimum time requirement before a claim can be rejected. The next claim in
          line will begin the judging process. Close counts for nothing when reaching for the
          "Alaska Prize.-


                                                       9




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0019101
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Governors Panel for Selection of "Alaska Prize" Judges




                                                                                                                         I

           Seven people led by the Governor of Alaska for a total of eight must unanimously agree on
           the selection of each judge.   This group is known as the "Governors Panel."



           All members of the Governors Panel must exercise independent judgment.



           Members of the Governors Panel represent themselves, not their country, political party,
           or any group. Members of the Governors Panel are free and independent.



           Any member of the Governors Panel can only be removed by the Alaska Senate, by a simple
           majority vote.



           Anyone associated with the Nobel Prizes Committee is not eligible to be a member of the
           Governors Panel for the "Alaska Prize."




           Facilitator/Motivator/Leader




           Each "Alaska Prize" claim must have a Judge who acts as a facilitator; motivator and
           leader, this judge will have the title "Independent Leader."



           Independent Leaders for each "Alaska Prize" report to the Governor in writing the judge's
           decision;  Yes the claim has met the standard or a No the claim has failed to meet the
           standard for the "Alaska Prize."



           Independent Leaders can-not have the same political party affiliation as the Governor of
           the State of Alaska.




                                                        10




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0019102
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Who Can Be A Judge




           Subject experts: scientists,        engineers , economists



           Thinking, free minded people regardless of their country of origin.



           Past Governors of any of the fifty states of the United States of America.




           Purpose -of the Judges




           Judges verify the "Alaska Prize" standard. Has the claim reached the bar? Judges are not
           in a research position , a pontificate , informational source or advocate for any particular
           claim by any particular claimant for the "Alaska Prize.". The claimant is-responsible for
           research; the judges only verify that the standard for the "Alaska Prize" that is claimed
           has been achieved.



           Judges do not create new or imagine additional standards.



           The judges answer the only question that counts , and that is : is the standard met? Did
           the claimant reach the bar? Yes or No. Any other response other than a Yes or No will
           result in a judge's disqualification for that claim.



           If judges aren't given enough information to be able to answer Yes, or No the claim is
           disqualified, the answer is, No.



           If a judge just can ' t get it , understand what the claim is claiming , the claim has failed,
           and it is judged No, the claim doesn't meet the standards of that "Alaska Prize.". The
           Judges verdict is No. It is not the judges job to interpret a claim, that is the claimants
           responsibility.




                                                              11




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0019103
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Who can ' t be a judge?




            Any current elected official . Dictators , members of a communist government , mean people of
            any ilk.



            No winner of any of the Nobel Prizes is eligible to be a judge.




            JUDGES




            Judges must treat every person involved with the "Alaska Prize" as a dignitary and with
            dignity.



            Rudeness will disqualify any judge.



            Judges are only responsible for their assigned assessment



            Automatic Judge Disqualification occurs when a judge acts to lower the bar or change the
            standards , 100 percent is 100 percent , and the bar must be reached , got it?



            Judges are disqualified when they become advocates for any part; portion ; person; group or
            country vying for the "Alaska Prize." Judges are not advocates they are judges.



            The judges must decide Yes or No, do the results presented reach the bar at the time the
            results are presented as a claim . The judges can make the following choices : does the
            claim reach the bar? Yes or No. No discussion or explanation from the judges is wanted
            nor needed.



            Discussion or explanation by a judge disqualifies the judge from rendering a verdict on
            the claim .   Yes or No is all that is asked of from any judge . One hundred percent remains
            100 percent .   It's not cruel ; it's not unfair it is the bench mark of successes for the
            " Alaska Prize ," 100 percent.



                                                          12




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0019104
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Judges must adhere rigidly to the very foundation of science, the "Scientific Method."




           To claim a prize




           Announcement by a claimant of the claim of an "Alaska Prize" must be made to the Governor
           of Alaska.



           No one person, group or country can expect or be given privilege or privacy over their
           claim. If you want to claim an "Alaska Prize" you must give it freely and unequivocally to
           the free global community.



           All aspects of an "Alaska Prize" claim must be published in the "Alaska Daily News" and in
           full view of a free world at the time of the claim. The claim will only be published in
           English and Inupiat.




           Claimants can republish their claim in any language and in any free press two weeks after
           the claim is published by the Governor of Alaska in the "Alaska Daily News."




           Once an "Alaska Prize" has met the Standard for that prize:



           The Governor of Alaska will within 14 days of notice of a successful "claim report" from
           the. Independent Leader will personally and in person notify the President of the United
           States of America and the Federal Reserve Chairman that the prize money is being
           transferred back to the State of Alaska "Alaska Prize" account.



           The "Alaska Prize" is paid out to the winner/s of the "Alaska Prize" at noon in Juneau,
           Alaska on Alaska Statehood Day.




                                                        13




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0019105
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Publicity beyond notification of a prize winner in the Alaska Daily News and from the
           Governor on Alaska Day, it is the responsibility of the media complex to notify the rest
           of the world of an "Alaska Prize" winner not the State of Alaska.




           The award for the "Alaska Prize"




           The "Alaska Prize" is awarded at noon in Juneau, Alaska on Alaska Statehood Day each year.




           The Money for the "Alaska Prize" comes from the "Alaska Voters"




           The decision to initiate the "Alaska Prize" is far too important to entrust to the Alaska
           Legislature or the United States Government. The vision of Alaskan voters at this point in
           time will change.the world. The Alaskan Voter will demonstrate what free people can do,
           they will reactivate the long forgotten saying once popular around the world "good old
           American know how" except now the Alaskan voter is empowering the "good old free world
           know how."



           Once the money for the "Alaska Prize" is funded by the Alaskan Voters the money will be
           transferred directly from the state treasury to the FED.




           The money is not refundable to the State of Alaska for ten years except in the event of a
           catastrophic emergency or dire circumstance.  The money is gone from the State of Alaska.



           To recall the money for the "Alaska Prize" a House Super Majority from the Alaska
           Legislator and the Governors approval is needed.



           The "Alaska Prize" will cost Alaskan Voters a     reassignment from the State Treasury of 10
           Billion Dollars.



           Zero money is spent if there are no successful prize claims.




                                                        14




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0019106
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          All "Alaska Prize" money will gain interest while awaiting the prize winners.




           YES WE CAN!




           You and I can do this, we are Alaskan and this is the "Last Frontier."




           If we Alaskans can't put our money where our mouths are, I doubt there are any people in
           the world that can make the difference that Alaskans can with the "Alaska Prize." Think
           about it...how many of us are Alaskan residents? Seven-hundred Thousand people plus or
           minus.  How many are registered voters? Less than three-hundred thousand people plus or
           minus.




           We are very, very,. rich people who have been convinced that we live in a rich state, a
           state run by politicians and special interests. Way too often the brand "the State of
           Alaska" is used to ignore the people of Alaska. The State doesn't decide anything "We the
           People" do! Remember we live in America with a C.



           You and I can save the people of the State of Alaska (us,) hundreds of billions of dollars
           over the next decade and all of us about 300,000 registered voters or so can save the
           United States.of America Trillions of dollars in just five years or so after an "Alaska
           Prize" award.  And in the world we live especially in the developing world we will save
           tens of millions of lives by providing a level playing field for poorer people and
           countries that are currently at the mercy of fuel and food prices. I can see it ... won't
           you?



           Ultimately our 10 billion Alaskan dollars will feed and free many people. I don't think
           the tin-pot dictators, terrorists, or Marksests of the world would want us to succeed.
           Fuel, fertilizer and clean air, think about it... think about it Out-Loud.



           Let us not tolerate anyone that will stand in our way. Your vote and my vote free from the
           Government, Corporate and Environmentalist Complex (GCEC) interference.  You and I are not
           the subjects or serfs of anyone from the GCE C. Let them run their ads, trot out their
           experts and buy their judges. As long as we vote , they will lose.



           Our vote Our Families Our money...Our State Our Country and yes even Our World




           Once we Alaskans head down the obvious and extremely wide and unexplored "Alaska Prize"
                                                       15




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019107
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           trail there will be all sorts of people who will try to stop, railroad, grab a piece of
           the prize, manage and manipulate our collective will. We must keep it simple, free from
           the manipulation of the GCEC. It will be a huge fight, but guess what? We control our
           vote and we control our money. Let them squeal like baby pigs which will sound like music
           to our ears.



           Ten Billion dollars will bring out the worst of the worst and that's why we Alaskan Voters
           must, alone and against the naysayers of the GCEC- who will pop a few vessels- if they
           can't control the outcome. Imagine legislators kissing up to lobbyists to rob you of your
           vote, the oil giants and everyone ever dreaming of taxing the environment in some way
           rolling over in their Ivory Towers as we Alaskans dictate their future.



           We Alaskan Voters must stand alone, stand firm and not bow to any of the GCEC. Our votes
           are our own, stand firm and vote for the "Alaska Prize."



           How can so few people, who have so much, not succeed. We Alaskans are Great. We are
           Fearless.  We are Americans. This effort could be a last best chance for many, many
           people all over the world to conquer the greed of the ever expanding GCEC.



           The greed of the GCEC is all about the power they hold over the individual not about what
           their names may indicate. The GCEC is rapidly becoming a global government for those that
           hate the individual and those who want to limit growth and prosperity everywhere but in
           their back yards. Stuff them now or fight them later either way we all will have to face
           the GCEC.



            Just imagine us..Alaskan....American...and Determined, I'd say an irresistible force driving
           The United States of America and the world through the Twenty First Century, fueled and
           free.  We can conquer the world with a Ten Billion Dollar "Alaska Prize." I can see it,
           won't you?




           Why do you suppose no one in the whole wide world has offered a prize like the "Alaska
           Prize?"  There was a prize for the first civilian spaceship to reach space. Just think of
           all the hungry and sick people we can now send into low earth orbit. I think there is
           nothing in it for the GCEC so there is no prize. The "Alaska Prize" encourages
           independence and freedom these are two characteristics that the GCEC absolutely opposes.
           The GCEC has widely reported that there are too many people in the world, and if the GCEC
           would feed and fuel the "to-many" people there will just be more people. The environment,
           my God what will happen to the environment if we feed and fuel the to-many? The GCEC by
           it'd very own actions killing and starving people in the name of the environment. Just
           substitute God for the Environment when you read reports from the GCEC and you will
           understand your place in a GCEC controlled world. (sorry for my outburst here. I do
           believe we Alaskans are losing control of

            our states rights and our personal freedoms as a result of the ever expanding GCEC.)



           The term "the-environment" has become a euphemism for fat people of the GCEC with enough
           fuel to fly G-550 aircraft around the world extolling the virtues of the GCEC. The GCEC is
           anti people and more precisely they are anti starving and sick people and they justify
           their many positions by wrapping themselves in green blankets and green logos.



           Just think if there weren't so many starving and sick people there wouldn't be so many
                                                          16




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0019108
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          people to use fossil fuel or eat all the food which people that aren't starving or not in
          need of fossil fuel use.



          If we follow the leadership of the GCEC the rich will get richer and the hungry will die.
          But the environment will be saved.



          I trust Americans to lead, feed and free the world. The GCEC has fooled us all with their
          concern and 30 second sound bites, but they won't fool us for much longer. I can hear the
          distant thunder becoming louder, won't you? Your vote counts, if you want it to, if you
          vote. Quit watching and start marching.



          The "Alaska Prize" is just one example of what you and.I who are so very rich can do to be
          counted as human beings, by doing something that will strengthen America and count for
          something real and measurable in this old world of other human beings.




          Copy Write June, 2008 , H. Lee Kelley , Kelley@gci.net




          kelley@gci.net




                                                        17




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0019109
