Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Monday, June 09, 2008 11:00 AM
          To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov}

           Sent: Sunday, June 08, 2008 8:18 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




          Web mail from : Mr. Bill Longo

           address: 106 Asti Ct Lincoln CA 95648

            916-878-6720



           MESSAGE:

           To the honorable Governor Palin,



          I have begun to hear your name brought up as a possible running mate to John McCain. As I
          have listened to you speak, express your views, political philosophy, etc, I have become
          more convinced than ever that unless you join his ticket, that the most radical extremist
          anti-American racist (this Obama and his America hating wife) will most likely assume the
          office of the Presidency of the United States in 2009. The nation is at a dangerous
          tipping point.  The nation our founders envisioned, fought and died for, of smaller,
          limited government, a strong national defense, a city on a hill, self reliance, and a
          commitment to G-d given, unalienable rights, the Judeo-Christian ethic, a belief in
          national sovereignty, right-to-life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, is over if this
          Obama becomes the President.  We will see in this man's adminstration the largest re-
          distribution of wealth, the highest taxes, the systematic dismantling of our military, and
          a dangerous policy of appeasemen

          t with countries whose only purpose for existance is to see our way of life destroyed and
          Israel and Jews everywhere wiped off the map. Not to mention that with the possibility of
          at least two Supreme Court vacancies, as well as numerous appointments at the Federal
          court level, the damage done to the judiciary would be unrepairable for the next 20 years.




          Mrs. Palin,

                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0019190
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I, like you , have children , and I also have grand children , and I am scared to death for
         them and their future. Please help. Unfortunately and sadly John McCain is not a
         conservative . His mushy middle, reach across-the - isle, open borders , McCain-Feingold
         compromising has resulted in the conservative movement being relegated to insignificance.
         We in the convervative movement have no voice , no vision , no guts, and no leader. You
         Mrs. Palin , can provide that which John McCain cannot or will not provide; vision,
         leadership , courage, and a clear uncompromising direction for this country .    It will not
         be easy. You will be joining the party at the national level that has lost direction and
         is weak on ideas. You will be fighting the main stream news media, and all entertainment
         media in general .  You will be fighting our government controlled education at all levels.
         You will be fighting the UN global plans for world socialism .    You will be fighting a
         growing radicalization within the

         Muslim world against the West and its values of freedom and equality .          You will be
         fighting the growing hesteria and farce called, "global warming".




         If I sound worried, and lest you think I am an alarmist , that our system of "checks and
         balances " will prevent the scenario I am presenting .   Imagine that system of " checks and
         balances " run by an Obama controlled Congress , and possible Senate, with the ability to
         override vetos and fillabusters , and a radical , " legislate from the bench judiciary",
         along with an already spinless Republican , out of touch , party.    It does not sound so far
         fetched now , does it?!!




         Mrs. Palin,




         Please pray about this , consult with your family , and as it says in the book of Esther
         when the Jewish people were on the verge of being destroyed , and Mordecai went to Esther
         with these words to encourage her to take action to save her people,




         Esther 4:14



         "For if you , altogether hold your peace at this time, then shall relief and deliverance
         arise to the Jews ( America in this case ) from another place , but you and your father's
         house ( America in this case, all of us) shall be destroyed . And who knows whether you are
         come to the kingdom ( position of power ) for such a time as this?"




         Please think long and hard on this .   I know you will do the right thing ,      for the good of
                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0019191
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          (not just the republican party alone), but our country .     G-d speed Governor.




          Sincerely,




          Bill Longo




          Lincoln, Ca




          william.longo@sbcglobal.net




                                                       3
