Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Monday, June 09, 2008 10:57 AM
          To:                     terryprod@aol.com
          Subject:                RE: Elections


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Sunday, June 08, 2008 10:19 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Elections



          Web mail from: Ms. Terry Wood

          address: 75701 Easy Street Palm Desert CA 92211




          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,



          It was refreshing to see you on Glenn Beck' s show the other evening,for I have been
          waiting for a woman with substance to



          rise above all the business as usual men / women in the political



          arena. I don't blame you for not wanting to run for vice-president because I can see that
          you have more power to help



          change Alaska and assist the U.S. for the future from there.



          God bless America and hope we have more people like you that run for public office in
          their towns,the senate, and congress in the future that truly represent the people's will
          and country's future.. .not just their pockets! - .
                                                               I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019201
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sincerely,



            Terry Wood (4th grade teacher, businesswoman, community activist for concerns of my
            neighborhood)



            Palm Desert, CA



            terryprod@aol.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019202
