Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
         Sent:                   Monday, June 09, 2008 10:57 AM
         To:                     'fill. bemis@comcast. net
         Subject:                RE: Other


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah'Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

         Sent: Sunday, June 08, 2008 9:52 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other



         Web mail from: Ms. Jill Bemis

         address: 651 Goztian Street Saint Paul MN 55106




         MESSAGE:

         Hello Governor,




         I just wanted to write to you to let you know how much your work has influence my life. I
         have been a fan of yours for a long time. I appreciate your achievements and
         accomplishments - you are a wonderful role model for people around the world. Would you
         please send me a personalized autographed photo? I would like to frame the photograph and
         hang it up in my room to inspire me and remind me that hard work really does pay off.




         Sincerely,



         Jill
                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0019199
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          If you send me your address, I will send an SASE . If you don't require an SASE my address
          is:




          Jill Bemis




          651 Gotzian Street




         Saint Paul ,   MN 55106




         jill.bemis @ comcast.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0019200
