Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                 From :    McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
                 Sent:     Monday, June 09, 2008 8:36 AM
                 To:       'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Trooper Graduation Speech


               Dear Governor,
               Commissioner Monegan shared his speech to Trooper graduates on Thursday in
               Sitka. I found it very moving . Thought you'd like to see it. The Commissioner has
               a gift for words, which obviously helped during our visit to Togiak on Friday. I'll
               send you a report on that today.
               Sitka, June 5th


               Good afternoon to all of you.
               To the parents of our graduates, thank you for instilling the values necessary for
               your son or daughter that prepared them for their challenging roles ahead . In doing
               so, you have provided a great service, to them .... and to all of us.


               Thank you to the families as well, aside from the daily support that you will give your
               trooper or officer you will be a career long reminder of what must be protected.


               Now to all of you graduating, soon you will be given a badge , a shield that will
               identify you as a protector, a guardian, a trooper. As you pin that on your uniform
               you may note that it feels a little heavy, it is because it is. That shield and uniform
               are more than ready identification , they are symbols. Symbols of. help, hope,
               courage, strength , compassion, and service. Symbols made that way by those who
               wore them before , by those men and women who had sweat , bled, and at times, wept
               in them.


               You know, our world in part is of tradition . Traditions with roots back to the
               Middle Ages , and perhaps beyond ; some of which we practice still. The salute we
               give to our flag and occasionally to ourselves began when armored knights would



               8/24/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0019204
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3



               approach each other and deliberately lift the visors on their helmets to allow
              themselves to be recognized . The oath you are about to take is also tradition.
               Shamelessly I will quote the Knight 's Pledge from the recent movie , "Kingdom of
              Heaven."


               "Be withoutfear in the face of your enemies. Be brave and upright that God may love
              thee. Speak the truth always, even if it leads to your death. Safeguard the helpless and
              do no wrong. That is your oath. "


              This of course is a Hollywood creation , but it is founded on the principles of
              the Code of Chivalry or "Old Code" that had named values such as:
              Prowess ; Justice ; Loyalty ; Defense; Courage ; Faith ; Humility ; Largesse;
              Nobility : and, Franchise . Perhaps words somewhat antiquated , yet each
              describe values vital, vibrant, and desperately still needed in these
              perplexing times . Adhere to them and become a beacon of calm to those
              that you stand amongst.


              Time has forced change so we have blended some of the old with the new.
              We had exchanged our broadsword for sidearm ; our loyalty is still to the
              governing body , though since the American Revolution , it is now to the
              citizens we serve ; and we have certainly reduced the size of our shield.
              Yet what beats beneath that shield is and must be the same as those who
              have ever carried one.


              We can train your mind and your body , but the engine, the drive, can only
              be your heart.


              The battery of tests and background investigations you had endured was to
              measure the width and depth of your character, your heart. An absolutely
              critical need for law enforcement, because if you don't care , who will? Heart
              is required to face the human challenge that will lie before you, and to be
              your anchor as you stand firmly between those who you protect and those



              8/24/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP0I_0019205
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3



                who would do them harm . There may even come a day when your strength
                fails you and your mind says it is hopeless ; it will be your heart that you
                must draw from to overcome that challenge whatever it may be ..... that is
                what heroes do.


                In time you will better understand and appreciate all of this ; until then, trust me that
                to honor our profession , always provide the service you would want provided to the
                ones you love. Do that, and when the day comes that you lay your shield down for
                the last time, I guarantee that you will leave that it a little shinier for the next trooper
                that follows.


                As you share the same heart, values , and oath with knights of old , then truly
                you are the knights of this day. Be both proud and humble in your duties
                and you too will add to this noble tradition.


                Congratulations.




               Rhonda McBride
               Rural Affairs Advisor
               Office of the Governor
               Atwood Building , Suite 1700
               550 West 7th Avenue
               Anchorage , Alaska 99501
               Tel: (907) 269-7451
                E-Mail: Rhonda. McBride t-.alaska.gov
                                        a




                8/24/2009


                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019206
