Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Tuesday, June 10, 2008 3:56 PM
           To:                      Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: CONFIDENTIAL PERSONNEL ISSUE


            Haven't heard about this so thank you for the head's up. I'll ask Mike if there's any
            other info I need to know on this. Or I'll call you.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)" <annette.kreitzer@alaska.gov>



            Date: Tue, 10 Jun 2008 15:37:35

            To:"Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

            Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

            Subject: CONFIDENTIAL PERSONNEL ISSUE




            Governor & Mike:

            I don't know if Law or Public Safety routinely lets you and the Governor know when we have
            an issue like this. When it comes to my attention, I forward it along so you're not
            surprised, but I don't want to inundate you with information you might already be getting
            from other departments.



            In this case:

            1)   More State employees may be involved and possibly charged;

            2)  This employee apparently will be arrested for felony theft, if the information we have
            is correct.



            ak




           From: Durand, Kent D (DOA)

             Sent: Tuesday, June 10, 2008 10:20 AM

             To: Neal, Nicki L (DOA); Sheehan, Katherine E (DOA)

                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0019217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Cc: Lattimore, Dana D (DOA)

             Subject: Possible Press Issue



           I have been working with DOT management staff on a potential discipline matter involving a
           DOT/Local 71 employee.  His duty station is in Palmer and it is alleged that he has taken
           a significant amount of state property (including fuel) for his own.    We will be calling
           him in tomorrow to deal with the allegations on the personnel side. There may be others
           under investigation by the troopers.



           We alerted Law and the Palmer DA of our personnel process/investigation. The troopers are
           close to the end of their investigation with the same employee/state property----the
           conduct appears to be a felony charge due to the significant value of property----I am
           told the value is somewhere around 25-30 thousand $$.



           We sent the employee home while we dealt with the issue and will call him in tomorrow with
           his union representative to address the personnel allegations. Of course, we have worked
           5th Amendment issues into our meeting with the employee. I understand that the employee
           will be arrested soon thereafter (day or two) by troopers.




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0019218
