Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Tuesday, June 10, 2008 2:49 PM
            To:                     jjkkwalk@juno.com
            Subject:                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb. alaska.gov]

            Sent: Tuesday, June 10, 2008 1:50 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Janie Walker

            address: 4401 OakHollow Drive Midlothian TX 76065




            MESSAGE:

            Gov. Palin, I never heard your name until recently when the buzz started about the
            possibility of you being selected as Sen. McCain's running mate. Whatever happens, please
            know that I already admire you just from what I've read! You are a true conservative
            American and mother.  God bless you - I gave birth to a little girl 30 years ago born with
            one hand.  I felt the same way as you - God entrusted me with a special gift. My daughter
            is now a 30 year old single elementary school teacher - quite an American, and truly a
            blessing to everyone who meets her. She is an inspiration to school children who
            understand from watching her that life isn't always perfect but we press forward! Just
            wanted to tell you that you have a new admirer in HOT Texas!



            Janie Walker, Midlothian, TX



            jjkkwalk@juno.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019219
