Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
           From:                   Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TEIRWIN]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, June 10, 2008 11:38 AM
          To:                      Katz; John W (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Cc:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
          Subject:                 Re: Flint Hills Refinery/ Koch Announcement - PERSONAUCONFIDENTIAL - Attorney
                                   Client Privilege


          We have met with Flint Hills several times. Unresponsive is absolutely incorrect! The .
          state's position has consistently been that we are very interested. In order to help them
          we must see their numbers. We just can't/won't give Alaska's money to any company without
          justification.  Tom



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

           To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Irwin ,      Tom E   ( DNR); ExternalEmailgsp

           Cc. Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford ,      Marty K (DNR)

           Sent: Tue Jun 10 11:30:48 2008

           Subject: Flint Hills Refinery/ Koch Announcement -             PERSONAL/CONFIDENTIAL - Attorney
           Client Privilege



           Representatives of Koch Industries were in DC for a board of directors meeting a couple of
           weeks ago and met with the Alaska Congressional Delegation and staff to discuss the future
           of the Flint Hills Refinery. We are told that Koch intends to make a decision about the
           refinery's future on or about June 15th.



          These representatives believe that the location differential premium for state royalty oil
          (averaging $1.08 per barrel between April 2004 to March 2008) causes the Flint Hills
          Refinery to be unprofitable. They further allege that the State has been unresponsive to
          their concerns.



          In the aftermath of the Koch meetings, which I did not know about at the time, I have been
          involved in an email dialog with Senator Stevens. Armed with an excellent white paper
          prepared by Kevin Banks (which I provided to both Senators), I have been able to respond
          to the Senator's questions. Among other things, I have told him that the location
          differential, which used to be 15 cents and has been creeping up for several years, will
          likely be reduced later this year after DNR completes its audit of marine transportation
          costs.



          Because of the various substantive and political considerations associated with a possible
          announcement by Koch, I wanted you to be aware of what has transpired in DC. There is not
          much we can do from here to help other than to continue responding to questions from.the
          Congressional delegation.  But, I wanted to advise you of the current situation in the
          event that more can or should be done at the Alaska end either to respond to Koch's
          concerns or to prepare for the announcement.


                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0019242
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          John W. Katz

          Director of State/Federal Relations

          and Special Counsel to the Governor

          jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           (202)624-5858




                                                      2
