Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, June 10, 2008 1:34 PM
          To:                      mburmesch@maii.com
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday, June 10, 2008 12:25 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mike Burmesch

          address: 436 E. Norport Drive Port Washington WI 53074




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,




          I was lucky enough to view your interview on the Glen Beck program recently!! WoW!! I may
          have to move to your great state to enjoy a Governor who has their act together on what is
          best for the people of the state... I love your veiwpoints and ideas.. What a refreshing
          take on the old stuck up political issues that always seem to work back to status quo or
          worse who benefit only the choosen few... If you ever choose to go into national politics
          you have my ear and if your ideas and values continue in the same direction ........ you
          have my vote!!! Congratulations to you on your new baby boy!!!



          Sincerely,




          Mike Burmesch




          -Wisconsin-



                                                               1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         mburmesch@mail.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0019228
