Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, June 10, 2008 10:43 AM
           To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Elections




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, June 09, 2008 1:18 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



           Web mail from: Ms. Lana Taylor

           address: 1318 E. 152nd Terrace Olathe KS 66062

            913 764-6646



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin, I just read an article by Jack Kelly that you may be on John McCain's
           short list for VP. I hope so!!!




           I am sick to death of liberal democrat governors in our country and in my state (Sebelius)
           and believe that you must accept it if offered. I am disgusted by weak, liberal women who
           try to pass themselves off as independent ladies, when all they are is man-hating little
           girls in high heels.




           I am a life member of the NRA and consider myself a fully able-bodied female who can take
           care of myself if I need to do so. Strength is in short supply even in the Republican
           Party who insists on calling me for money - I have refused the past year because when they
           were in the majority, they refused to push the dems back on their heels and be LEADERS!!!
           They do not need my money to do the right thing.




                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0019268
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Fondest wishes and prayers for your continued success.



           Lana



           Republican Committeewoman




           NRA member




           Godmother to two precious children



           E-mail address is kool in KS, although you are probably much "kooler" in AK!!!




           koolinks @ comcast.net




                                                        2
