Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent       Tuesday, June 10, 2008 11:18 AM
               To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Professional Grant Proposal Writing Workshop (June, 2008: Golden Gate University - San
                        Francisco)



              From: Anthony Jones [mailto:info@thegrantinstitute.com]
              Sent: Tuesday, June 10, 2008 8:35 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Professional Grant Proposal Writing Workshop (June, 2008: Golden Gate University - San
              Francisco)

              The Grant Institute: Certificate in Professional Program Development and Grant Communication will be held at
              Golden Gate University in San Francisco, California, June 16 - 20, 2008. Interested development professionals,
              researchers, faculty, and graduate students should register as soon as possible, as demand means that seats will fill
              up quickly. Please forward, post, and distribute this e-mail to your colleagues and listservs.

              All participants will receive certification in professional grant writing from the Institute, as well as 3 .5 CEU units.
              For more information call (888) 824 - 4424 or visit The Grant Institute at www. thegrantinstitute.com

              Please find the program description below:

              The Grant Institute
              Certificate in Professional Program Development and Grant Communication
              will be held at
              Golden Gate University
              San Francisco, California
              June 16 - 20, 2008
              8:00 AM- 5:00 PM

              The Grant Institute: Certificate in Professional Program Development and Grant Communication is a five-flay
              intensive and interactive experience in which participants will be led through the program development, grant
              writing, and funding acquisition processes through the completion of four courses. The Grant Institute is not a
              seminar. Participants will actively engage in exercises and activities designed to strengthen their mastery of grant
              acquisition. Through the completion of varying assignments, students will leave The Grant Institute with a real
              grant proposal outline complete with quality research, solid content, and expert review. The Grant Institute focuses
              on combining the fundamentals of grant proposal writing with expert knowledge of communication principles such
              as Strategic Research, Persuasion, Argumentation, and Framing.

              The Grant Institute trainers and consultants do not merely lecture participants, but act as personal consultants and
              coaches dedicated to encouraging participants to succeed beyond their own expectations. While The Grant Institute
              uses collaboration and small groups for many exercises, each participant will work on their organization's pro ject.
              Participants are not overwhelmed with negativity or discouragement, but will be given the highest level of expertise
              to generate confidence in pursuing any funding project.

              At The Grant Institute , participants don't just learn to write grant proposals from top to bottom . Participants
              become specialists in our unique area of expertise : Grant Communication. Simply put, this is not your grandfather's
              grantwriting workshop . Our graduates are strategic, innovative, and confident. Whether you are new to
              professional grantwriting , or an experienced professional , you will not want to miss The Grant Institute.

              The Grant Institute consists of four (4) courses that will be completed during the five-day workshop.

              (1) Program Development and Evaluation




               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0019277
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


             This course is centered around the belief that "it's all about the program ." This intensive course will teach professional
             program development essentials and program evaluation . While most grantwriting "workshops" treat program development
             and evaluation as separate from the writing of a proposal , this class will teach students the relationship between overall
             program planning and all strategic communication , including grantwriting . Consistent in our belief in grant communication,
             this class encourages students to understand successful program development and to think strategically about funding as an
             integral part of the overall program planning process. This class turns students into experts by teaching how to take ideas and
             concepts and turn them into professionally developed programs.

             (2) Advanced Grant Writing

             Designed for both the novice and experienced grantwriter , this course will make each student an overall fundraising
             communication specialist . In addition to teaching the basic components of a grant proposal, successful approaches, and the
             do's and don'ts of grantwriting, this course is infused with expert principles that will lead to a mastery of the process.
             Strategy resides at the forefront of this course 's intent to illustrate grantwriting as an integrated , multidimensional, and
             dynamic endeavor. Each student will learn to stop writing the grant and to start writing the story . Ultimately, this class will
             illustrate how each component of the grant proposal represents an opportunity to use proven techniques for generating
             support.

              (3) Strategic Grant Research

              At its foundation, this course will address the basics of foundation , corporation, and government grant research . However,
              this course will teach a strategic funding research approach that encourages students to see research not as something they do
              before they write a proposal , but as an integrated part of the grant seeking process . Students will be exposed to online and
              database research tools , as well as publications and directories which contain information about foundation , corporation, and
              government grant opportunities . Focusing on funding sources and basic social science research, this course teaches students
              how to use research as part of a strategic communication effort.

              (4) Advanced Communication Strategies : Institute for Communication Improvement Persuasion and Argumentation
              Techniques

              This course, designed by Institute for Communication Improvement , will provide students with an arsenal of advanced
              persuasion and argumentation techniques . Centered around expert communication principles , this class will change the way
              students conceptualize grant proposals and other fundraising tools . Students will leave this course with ICI's masterful
              methods and will be more than j ust confident grantwriters , but communication specialists. This course is grounded on the
              idea that fundraising and nonprofit development represent profound communication activity . Without question , this course is
              part of The Grant Institute difference.

              Registration

              $ 997.00 tuition includes all materials and certificates.

              Each student will receive:
                 *The Grant Institute Certificate in Professional Program Development and Grant Communication
                 *The Grant Institute 's Guide to Successful Grant Writing
                 *Grant Institute Grant Writer 's Workbook with sample proposals , forms, and outlines
                 *3.5 CEU Units, Association of Fundraising Professionals
                 *The Grant Institute 's 2008 Funding Resource CD

              Registration Methods

              1) On-Line - Complete the online registration form at www .thegrantinstitute.com under Register Now. We'll send your
              confirmation by e-mail.

              2) By Phone - Call (888) 824 - 4424 to register by phone . Our friendly Program Coordinators will be happy to assist you and
              answer your questions.

              3) By E-mail - Send an e-mail with your name , organization, and basic contact information to inf       eerantinstitute.com
              and we will reserve your slot and send your Confirmation Packet.

              You have received this invitation due to specific educational affiliation . We respect your privacy and want to ensure that
              interested parties are made aware of The Grant Institute programs and schedules . This is intended to be a one-time




               10/15/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019278
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 3 of 3


              announcement. In any event, you should not receive any more announcements unless there is a program next year in your
              area. To be unlisted from next year's announcement, send a blank e-mail to unlist@thegrantinstitute.com and write "Unlist"
              in the subject line.




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0019279
