Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From :     Myron P. Naneng [mnaneng@avcp.org]
               Sent:      Tuesday, June 10, 2008 9:07 AM
               To:        andora@nushtel.net
               Cc:        Goto; Ev; Dave & Kris Gray; Hoffman; Lyman F (LAA); Edgmon; Bryce E (LAA);
                          rep.mary.nelson@Iegis.state.ak.us; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Parnell; Sean R (GOV);
                          Notti; Emil R (CED); Meera Kohler; Michael Catsi/SWAMC; Kathie Wasserman; RuralCap; Willie
                          Kasayulie; Willie Keppel; Pres. Hamilton; Green; Lyda N (LAA); Harris; John (LAA); Gusty; Andrea;
                          KTUU; Alex; dhutchinson@knba.org; drumsnews@gci.net; editor@newsminer.com; editor/Juneau
                          Empire; fgerjevic@adn.com; Editors/Matt Zencey; Eddie Angasan; Mary Jane Nielsen; Moses; Mayor
                          Denise Michels; Curyung; Keggie; Izetta; Bill Noll; Billy Maines/Curyung; Paul Kelly; Dennis
                          Nottingham; Tony Izzo; Shiela Selkregg; Robin; Ralph Andersen; Harper, Michael C (AIDEA); Steve
                          Lindbeck; Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA); Salmon; Woodie W (LAA); Tim Towarek; Kookesh; Albert
                          (LAA); Olson; Donny (LAA)
               Subject: Re: Develop a new state?//Food for thought

                As far as this administration is concern, be it any issue, their sense of the state of Alaska is Mat-Su
                and road system. Just like the issues regarding boards and commission. Now on the energy issue, it
                must be limited to the road system once again. I thought the Governor was aware of rural issues
                because she goes fishing in BB, or is it her imagination, or of those who she relies on to give her
                advise. Gasoline is Newtok is now $1 1.00/gal., while Fairbanks is probably below $5.00/gal. Now
                who has an energy issue?

                andora@nushtel.net writes:                                                              '
                     Fairbanksgas says that a "majority of Alaskans do not have an energy crisis." I can't
                     agree with that. Our energy costs in our villages are much greater than Fairbanks is
                     experiencing. Our gasoline is going for $8 to $10 a gallon, heating fuel is $7 a gallon,
                     and electricty in many villages is over 88 cents a kwh. Is Fairbanks anywhere near that?
                     But, we all have to work together to get immediate relief. Fairbanks does need to push
                     hard for relief as we do in our villages.
                        I don't think our legislators are being responsible for not calling their own emergency
                        energy session and set aside AGIA to do that.
                        I am sure that all of you read about the Alaska Village Electric Coop's fuel costs going
                        from $14 million last year to $26 million this year. They sent that to the state and the
                        state has not convened a disaster team to examine the impact on those 53 villages that
                        AVEC represents. As soon as the avalanche hit in Juneau, 17 state officials gathered in
                        Juneau, led by General Campbell, to review Juneau's request for an energy emergency
                        declaration. No state declaration emerged but the point is: That as far as I know, there
                        was no state emergency team convened to review AVEC's fuel emergency. What is with
                        that?
                        There seems to be a double standard of care to Alaskans depending on where they live. I
                        don't want to think that is true but more and more evidence piles up that leads one to that
                        regrettable conclusion.

                        Maybe it is time for villages across the state, where most of the natural renewable and
                        non-renewable resources reside, begin to think of seceding from the State of Alaska and
                        create a Northwestern State of Alaska. Those of us that live north of Anchorage and
                        West of the Alaska Range are often given short shrift in Juneau. I think that the
                        concentraton of political power in Anchorage is not in the best interests of those of us
                        that live in the rest of the state. Maybe Fairbanks could be the new capitol of the new
                        State of Northwestern Alaska.




              10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0019280
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3




               I posted the above in response to a writer named "Fairbanksgas " in the Fairbanks Daily News-
               Miner on their story about calling attention to in -state gas needs for Alaskans. The idea of a
               Northwestern State has been talked about by us in the villages for a long time . Now that it looks
               like many of our issues will never be attended to satisfactorily ; it may be time to reawaken that
               debate and move the idea of a new Northwestern Alaska State forward.


               Anchorage has the lowest cost of living , has few renewable resources and even less non-
               renewable resources , and a large population that all of us in Rural and Remote Alaska
               subsidizes. Anchorage takes most of our meager disposable incomes by providing much of the
               legal, accounting, engineering, food, and transportation services for us. And, many of our
               Native Corporations have substantial capital investments in Anchorage that could move out to
               our more Rural and Remote communities across the state.


               Anchorage legislators , for the most part have never lived in Rural and Remote Alaska and
               therefore have a difficult time empathizing with our needs . We have tried unsuccessfully for
               many years to enshrine Subsistence into the state 's constition; we have a totally inadequate
               police force in our villages; our schools are closing and falling apart ; the justice system leaves
               us with much to be desired by seeing so many of our woman raped and murdered in Anchorage
               with no meaningful program to address it; our school student dropout rate is the highest in the
               nation; our economies in our villages are virtually non-existent ; health care delivery for our
               citizens and veterans is shameful at best ; there is no running water in many of our villages;
               suicides rates are very high; our airports need to be extended and lighted; human waste
               disposal is still a very serious problem ; many of our villages have serious erosion issues that
               need immediate remediation; AND our energy needs are totally igonored and need immediate
               resolution.


               We have few Native people in our university system ; few Native school superintendents and
               Native teachers in our schools; few Alaska Native State Troopers, never had a Native Supreme
               Court Justice and few if any superior court judges , very few Alaska Natives in policy making
               roles in our state departments , and little or no influence in the over all policy making that
               affects our daily lives and our future. The list could go on and on and on.


               Because it is useless to fight the Anchorage political power house , we need to find a new way to
               address our needs. We do need to do some work and more serious thinking about a new state.
               We could get all of what we need in Western and Northern Alaska IF we had our own state of
               Northwest Alaska.


               Best regards,

               Nels Anderson, Jr.
               Box 234
               Dillingham, Alaska 99576



              10/15/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSPOI_0019281
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                               Page 3 of 3



               907-842-2366
               andora@nushtel.net




              10/15/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0019282
