Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, June 10, 2008 10:18 AM
          To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, June 09, 2008 8:55 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. John Feeney

           address: 1818 Cal Young Rd #122 Eugene OR 97401




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Mrs. Palin,




           I am writing to urge you to strongly consider the opportunity to join John McCain as his
           vice president if the position is presented to you.




           You are just what the national Republican party needs: a competent, principled, driven,
           personable, no-nonsense leader. You have a unique opportunity (if offered the position) to
           keep the Republican party at the forefront of national politics. You can do this by both
           showing that we still value our core conservative principles and that we are a progressive
           party too (a woman in a federal leadership position).




           In addition, I lived in Anchorage for several years, and my parents have about 50 years of
                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0019275
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska living between the two of them . I have much pride for the state and would love to
          see it represented on the national level. Lastly , I will add that as a believer in Christ,
          it is always good to see a fellow believer in a position of leadership outside the church
          walls.




          Mrs. Palin ,   keep up the good work , and I implore you, consider the VP position!




          -John Feeney



          University of Oregon senior



          jfeens@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0019276
