Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
           Sent:                   Tuesday, June 10, 2008 10:48 AM
           To:                     'Gary Matthews'
           Subject:                RE: Inquiry of Budget Veto


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: asaa @gci.net [mailto: asaa@gci.net] On Behalf Of Gary Matthews

           Sent: Monday, June 09, 2008 11:51 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: FW: Inquiry of Budget Veto




           June 9, 2008




           The Honorable Sarah Palin

           Governor of Alaska

           P.O. Box 110001

           Juneau, Alaska 99811-0001



            RE:               Capital Budget Veto



           Dear Governor Palin:



           I was frankly shocked and dismayed when I learned that Alaska School

           Activities Association's (ASAA) $325,000 grant in the 2008 Capital Budget

           had been vetoed, especially after you and I had discussed administrative and

           legislative support of the program and its cost, during the state basketball

           tournament, and you had told me, 30f course I will support your program.'
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019262
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          We have a tremendous problem with teen substance use/abuse in Alaska as I am

           sure that you know. A 2006 report by the United States Substance Abuse and

          Mental Health Services Administration ranks Alaska # 1 in teen substance

           abuse.



          ASAA's program listed under the Department of Commerce ,       Statewide   ( HD 1-40),

           entitled, Alaska School Activities Association Substance Abuse Education

           and Prevention Program, is an innovative ,   comprehensive program of tobacco,

          alcohol and controlled substance education ,   prevention and remediation which

           is a unique approach to a problem that will not go away despite the efforts

           of multiple entities in the state . ASAA is working with other entities to

           jointly maximize the effects of the 3Play for keeps2 program.




          What makes this program unique is simply this. ASAA has been imposing

           consistent eligibility standards on student participants for over 50 years.

          There are over 40,000 students enrolled in Alaska high Schools. Of those,

          nearly 30 , 000 participate' in interscholastic sports and activities for which

          they must meet ASAA eligibility rules. Students want to be able to play and

          will conform to higher standards such as the        3 Play for Keeps2 program. ASAA

          has an advantage that other entities in the state do not have - the broad,

          regular contact with 200 member schools and their student bodies.



          While school boards around the state have various rules that deal with

          student use of tobacco , alcohol and controlled substances during sport and

          activity seasons, there is not consistency from school to school. ASAA's

          rule goes beyond that and applies equally to all student participants during

          the entire school calendar year , not just during a sport season. No longer

          will parties that occur after a season is over be overlooked.



          During a recent presentation at the Klawock City School , a citizen who works

          for the local tribal association told me that most of her dealings are with

          citizens who have substance abuse problems who say that they started using

                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          during high school. In discussing 'Play for Keeps,2 she said that, 'If this

          program puts me out of work, that's fine with me!2



          3Play for Keeps2 will go into effect beginning with the 2008-09 school year.

          Besides the written standards for students, it includes educational

          components and preventive and remedial measures for all high school student

          participants and their parents. The cost to develop and implement this

          statewide program will exceed $400,000. The veto of this important funding

          source will profoundly delay the full development and implementation of some

          of the crucial educational components.


                                                                                                                     I
          In trying to learn why this important funding was vetoed, I have contacted

          your Anchorage office staff and left a message on your home phone. To date,

          I have not been informed why you made this decision. Please tell me your

          rationale so that ASAA knows where this program stands as a state priority.



          Respectfully,




          Gary Matthews

          Executive Director

          Alaska School Activities Association (ASAA)

          4048 Laurel St., Ste 203

          Anchorage, AK 99508

          907-563-3723 (office)

          907-441-4298 (cell)




                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019264
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         --- -- End of Forwarded Message




                                                     4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0019265
