Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From :   Jim Gottstein Dim.gottstein@psychrights.orgj
               Sent:    Wednesday, June 11, 2008 11:49 AM
               To:      Hogan; William H (HSS)
               Cc:      Stone; Melissa W (HSS); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Jim Gottstein; Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Jessee; Jeffrey
                        L (DOR); Sandoval; Tammy K (HSS); Kim; Anna C (GOV); LDemer@adn.com; Gordon; Nancy R
                        (LAW); Toomey; Sheila; doolittle@acsalaska.net
               Subject: CriticalThinkRx & the Psychiatric Drugging of Children in State Custody
               Dear Mr. Hogan:

               In a last-ditch effort to avoid litigation as I begin drafting my complaint seeking a declaratory
               judgment and injunction against the state of Alaska for its massively harmful psychiatric
               drugging of children it has taken into custody, I thought I would draw your attention to a terrific,
               just launched, on line program about this issue, called CriticalThinkRx. Paid for by a grant from
               the Attorneys General Consumer and Prescriber Grant Program, funded by the multi-state
               settlement of consumer fraud claims regarding the marketing of Neurontin®, CriticalThinkRx
               was developed specifically for non-medical personnel making decisions about giving psychiatric
               drugs to children. In other words, it was put together so that people such as those working for
               the State of Alaska authorizing the psychiatric drugging of children subject to State control are
               able to make informed decisions.

               By this e-mail, I am requesting (demanding) the State implement such a program for informed
               decision making regarding the administration of psychiatric drugs to children it has taken into
               custody.

               Frankly, even if the State continues to ignore this problem, it might as well start looking at the
               CriticalThinkRx program now because it will be faced with this same information in the lawsuit.
               More importantly, the State should use the information to change what it is doing to the children
               whom it has taken into custody and subjecting to what can quite legitimately be characterized as
               State-inflicted child abuse. I suspect you take umbrage at this characterization and think it is an
               exaggeration, but it is an accurate one. It is a huge betrayal by the State of this most vulnerable
               population and should be stopped immediately.

               As you know, PsychRights has tried for years to get the State to address the problem of it's very
               harmful program of psychiatrically drugging kids it has taken into custody. See,
               http://psychrights.ora/States/Alaska/Kids/Kids.htm

               I hope the State will now recognize the problem and immediately take steps to correct it.
               Unfortunately, based on past experience, my guess is this will not happen. Therefore, I am
               proceeding with developing the lawsuit unless I hear otherwise from you and we work out a
               satisfactory program to address this crisis, such as one consistent with CriticalThinkRx, that does
               not inflict such damage on Alaska's children for whom the State has taken responsibility.




               James B. (Jim) Gottstein, Esq.
               President/CEO




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019289
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


               Law Project for Psychiatric Rights
               406 G Street, Suite 206
               Anchorage , Alaska 99501
               USA
               Phone: (907) 274-7686) Fax: (907) 274-9493
               j im.gottstein [[at]]psychrights.org
               hqp://ysychriahts.org

                PsychRightse
                     Law Project for
                   Psychiatric Rights

               The Law Project for Psychiatric Rights is a public interest law firm devoted to the defense of people
               facing the horrors of forced psychiatric drugging. We are further dedicated to exposing the truth about
               these drugs and the courts being misled into ordering people to be drugged and subjected to other brain
               and body damaging interventions against their will. Extensive information about this is available on our
               web site, http://Psychrights.orm/. Please donate generously. Our work is fueled with your IRS 501(c) tax
               deductible donations. Thank you for your ongoing help and support.




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSPOI_0019290
