Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Wednesday, June 11, 2008 8:30 AM
            To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Tuesday, June 10, 2008 10:31 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV. sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Erik Ost

            address: 335 W Mill Ave Coeur d Alene ID 83814

             208 769-9436



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin,




            Sarah and Todd you folks just blow me away. Living your life so free of self protection -
            honest and real. It is like performance art without the performance. Is it because you
            are a self reliant Alaskans? Well that's part of the reason, I'm sure. I never had the
            pleasure of meeting you Todd. It would seem that Sarah has pick someone like herself. Of
            course that is some who knows himself because he know his Father God. One who loves
            because he is loved.




           The greatest art, the greatest beauty is a life lived out as a shining revelation of how
           much God loves each and everyone of us. We lose something as a society, a people, as
           human beings when we mistakenly believe that our Father in Heaven loves us any less
           because our disablity or imperfections.  Jesus truly is the author of the "Ragamufffin
           Gospel. " He came for the ones who need Him. Ones the world pretends that do not exist.
           Ones the world takes a step away from.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             P RA_GS P01 _0019302
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Trig and the two of you must have been born for "such a time as this." The world can not
           comprehend the intrinsic value of Trig. The joy that his innocence brings. Your actions
           give voice to the words they can not comprehend. Actions do speak louder than words. I
           am grateful that you did not hold your peace. That you stood up for Trig. That you love
           him as your Father loves you.




           Es 4:14



           For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and
           deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be
           destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?




           Esther stood up for her family and nation. Sarah, you have done the same, "for such a
           time as this."




           I know a little bit of what you have gone through, are going through and will go through.
           Cami is 6 years old and has classic autism. She was diagnosed at 3. We denied it for
           months, cried for what her future may hold and how unfair it is. All the late milestones
           - walking, crawling and talking. The isolation and pain of not being understood or how to
           communicate how she feels. I could see glimpses of Cami through the veil of autism of how
           special she is.




           Today, I am so proud of her. She just finished Kindergarten. She has friends that she
           plays with.  She reads on a third grade level. She plays soccer, eventhough she runs the
           wrong way sometimes.  She flaps her hands and kicks her feet. I think she is just more
           intouch with her inner cheerleader than most of the rest of us. She has worked really
           hard and had some really good therapists. She gets God more than I do. She has so
           exceeded my expectations. I am a proud PaPa. I have hopes and dreams for her. You never
           know how far they will go, you just celebrate each and every step along the way. The
           steps are more precious and more savored. I love her so much.




           I still worry about Cami's future. But I know our Creator did not make a mistake. He
                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0019303
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            created Cami in His image and He loves her.




            I never knew you had it in you to be Governor .    Your Creator must be proud of you.




            I wish you , Todd and your family all the best. I will remember you guys in my prayers.




            An old friend from college,




            Erik




            PS. I remember you encouraging me to "think big things ."     I am now even more encouraged by
            your example.



            e-ost@hotmail.com




                                                          3




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0019304
