Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Wednesday, June 11, 2008 3:15 PM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Summary of Chamber/Americas Commerical Visit to Belize, please let me know if you have any
                         questions, thanks, Gil Cisneros




                From: Gil Cisneros [mailto:gil@chamberoftheamericas.com]
                Sent: Wednesday, June 11, 2008 1:59 PM
                To: ******Gil Cisneros
                Subject: Summary of Chamber/Americas Commerical Visit to Belize, please let me know if you have any
                questions, thanks, Gil Cisneros


                The Chamber of the Americas recently embarked on a commercial visit to Belize. The
                organization explored trade opportunities in the tiny but lucrative nation that is
                increasingly attracting international tourists and businesses . Chamber of the Americas
                CEO Gil Cisneros believes Belize is particularly promising for Colorado businesses due
                to already established relationships that the nation enjoys with Colorado residents,
                including divers. "There is a connection that already exists ," observed Cisneros.

                The Chamber seeks to strengthen and expand those existing connections. With that
                intention, Cisneros met with numerous Belize organizations in both the public and
                private sector, including the San Pedro Chamber of Commerce and the Belize Chamber
                of Commerce and Industry; is in the process of developing strategic partnerships with
                these organizations. The Chamber also discussed potential opportunities with major
                Belizean business and government leaders. Among the dignitaries key to the
                Chambers' exploratory efforts is U.S. Ambassador to Belize Robert Dieter, who the
                Chamber will present in Denver next month for further discussion about the economic
                opportunities that Belize presents to American businesses. Highlights also included
                meetings with Belize Speaker of the House Emile Arguelles and Sir Barry Bowen,
                owner of Belize Aquaculture, is one of the nation's premier entrepreneurs.

               Coleen Merritt, the Chambers of the Americas Principal of Cross Marketing, is an
               integral player in the Chambers' goal to embrace Belize as a major player in Western
               Hemispheric financial markets. The Chamber plans to open an auxiliary office in Belize,
               allowing the organization to maintain a constant presence in Latin America. Cisneros
               said that the organization' s long-term design is to promote and facilitate Latin American
               trade with the U.S., with Merritt serving as the Chambers' local representative and
               eyesight in Belize, Honduras, Guatemala, Mexico and other Latin American countries.
               "Merritt will be monitoring economic activities in that region," explained Cisneros.

               The Chamber is currently studying the overarching dynamics and feasibility of business
               exchanges between American and Belizean businesses as it considers establishing a
               permanent office in the nation. And based on the organizations' initial discoveries,
               Cisneros is confident that opportunities are ripe to enhance and expand. While Belize is
               a former British colony and the country's dominant language is English, the nation



                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0019310
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


               boasts a diverse and exciting population with strong connections to other Latin American
               countries. For Cisneros, the nation offers American businesses the best of both worlds-the
               linguistic familiarity of the English language in Belizean society, along with prolixity and ties to
               Latin America overall.


               Gilberto (Gil) Cisneros
               President/CEO
               Chamber of the Americas
               720 Kipling , Suite 13
               Denver, Colorado, 80215. USA
               Tel: 303.462.1275
               Fax: 303 .462.1560
               Cel: 720.309.7686
               gii@chamberoftheamericas.com
               www.chamberoftheamericas.com
               Support Chamber/ Americas Foundation mission with a tax deductible donation!
               Check out our Travel page at:
               www.ytbtravel.com/americaschamber

               Get the Moviefone Toolbar. Showtimes, theaters, movie news, & more!




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0019311
