Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, June 11, 2008 1:12 PM
            To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




             ----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Wednesday, June 11, 2008 12:12 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Robert L. Minter

           address: 4740 Mimosa Street North Charleston SC 29405

             843-708-4704




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           I just read something from a fellow Republican that Senator John McCain may ask you to run
           for the Vice President Position so I looked you up and read about you. You would
           definitely be a big boost to the presidency and would bring honesty and integrity to this
           great land. I hope that you seriously consider that and I'll promise to help you in any
           way I can. Its a crying shame that someone like Barrack Obama has got this far and the
           people can't see what a mistake he is.I know your loyalty is to your family and State but
           we need you in the White house now. Please consider it and bring some honesty back in the
           good ole United States. I don't know you personally but I love what you stand for.




           Thank you Mam for your time,




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Robert L. Minter




            US Army Veteran and Concerned Citizen of the United States of America




            hombrker2@aol.com.
