Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov)
            Sent:                    Wednesday, June 11, 2008 9:29 AM
            To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




             -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Wednesday, June 11, 2008 8:39 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Mr. Patrick Campbell

            address: 1328 Shadow Oak Drive Evans GA 30809




            MESSAGE:

            Honorable Governor Sarah Palin,




              I am requesting that if you are offered the Vice Presidential position by John McCain
            that you accept it. Our nation, that includes the Great State of Alaska , is in desperate
            need of a leader with your zeal and ethical standards.




              I am writing this as a long time resident of South Carolina, who just moved, to Georgia
            and I think Mark Sanford would be good for this nation and was the person I wanted John
            McCain to name for Vice President until I saw an article on the Governor of Alaska and
            started to research.  Your anti-corruption, Fiscal conservative record is amazing.   You
            are the first public servant not politician I have seen in a high level office in my
            entire life.  You are the only person I know right now that could reform the political
            structure we have in place of individuals only worrying about themselves. The role of
            Vice President would give you the opportunity of doing this while earning the trust of all
            Americans to prepare yourself for the next position where the United States needs a leader
            of your quality.  As Vice President you would be President of the Senate and you could
            clean up the corruption in the US Senate and this would force the House of Representatives
            to do the same or get repla
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019324
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           ced.



             You have the charismatic , straightforwardness, adventurous , honest down to earth
           personality and moral traits that our nation is yearning for. Americans can relate with
           you and as long as you and I doubt it, do not get corrupted by Washington our Nation will
           excel . I know this would be a big decision and would require the blessing and support of
           your family but I would ask that you pray over it and if the opportunity becomes available
           to consider it for this country.




           Pat Campbell




                                                                                                                        I




           patrick.campbell@us . army.mil




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0019325
