Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Thursday, June 12, 2008 10:28 AM
            To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Thursday, June 12, 2008 7:01 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from :   Mr. James Renieri

            address: 332 Longview Drive Keller TX 76240

             817-431-1703




            MESSAGE:

            A friend sent your site to me as we discuess politics frequently. it is refreshing to hear
            of someone in government doing so much to make their constuients lot in life a little
            better instead of enriching their pockets. After reading a little about you I would hope
            you wouuld consider running for the presidency the next goround in 2012. Half of your
            ideas far out way any of the garbage the demercrats have come up with in the runoffs. And
            at this moment the republican only seem like the lesser of two eviels.



            In my sixty three years I have seen what the big government has promissed and not
            delievered. Which leeds me to the one questinn I have for you and that is, If all of the
            people elected to the government are working for the people then, when they retire, why
            are they NOT on social security like the rest of us and instead on a special retirement
            plan that comes out of the endless General fund"? Best of luck with the office you have
            now and please keep up the good work. Washington, D.C. cold use some new ideas.



            jrenieri@verizon.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019373
