Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@a1aska.gov]
             Sent:                    Monday, June 16, 2008 3:04 PM
             To:                      bruce.parham@nara.gov
             Subject:                 RE: Education


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.



             -----Original message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Friday, June 13, 2008 5:55 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Education



             Web mail from: Mr. ROBERT BRUCE PARHAM

             address: 4310 Seeley Circle Anchorage, AK 99502

              907-248-6867




             MESSAGE:

             The Honorable Sarah Palin



             Governor of Alaska




             Dear Governor Palin:




             I wanted to thank you so much for signing the capital budget item to appropriate $7.5
             appropriation for the Alaska State Library. It is crucial to take the necessary steps to
             preserve the state records, manuscript collections, and museum artifacts.




                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0019404
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             I hope that a new State Library, Archives, and Museums Building can be a permanent legacy
             and memorial to the 50th Anniversary of Alaska statehood.




             I strongly support actual construction of a new Library , Archives , and Museums building in
             Juneau .  The present facilities lack modern temperature and humidity controls , storage
             space , exhibits space, and modern safeguards for permanent records .  Temperature should be
             65F with a relative humidity of +- 45 degrees relative humidity to ensure preservation for
             most records .  The permanent collections will suffer permanent damage and eventually
             disintegrate without the proper environmental controls.




            I have visited the Alaska State Archives in Juneau as a researcher and in my capacity as a
            Federal archivist.  Last year, I flew the Juneau ( my second visit in 19 years to the
            capital) specifically to use their collections.




            The archives building is literally tearing apart .  The archives building ( at the end of
            Willoughby Avenue ) is on unstable fill and is splitting apart . I toured the facility four
            years ago and vividly recall the metal plate over the bottom door frame to cover the large
            gap in the cement floor .  I noticed that there was no earthquake bracing on the shelving,
            which was in need of replacement.




            The Alaska Historical Collections section of the Alaska State Library was the former
            territorial library ( founded in 1900 ). As the oldest repository in the state, the
            documents , photographs , and other paper records are invaluable to researchers.




            I would like to also express my strong support for your work on the Alaska gas line. I am
            very encouraged about your efforts and support the Trans - Canada Pipeline Company as the
            best choice for Alaska.




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0019405
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sincerely,




            R. Bruce Parham




            bruce.parham@nara.gov




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0019406
