Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                From:     Jolt Construction And Traffic Maintenance Inc [jolt@mtaonline.net]
                Sent:     Monday , June 16, 2008 4:55 PM
                To:       Adamczak; Daniel S (DOT)
                Cc:       Titus; James Stephen (DOT); Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Dunham; Jon W
                          (DOT); Duff; Denise A (LAA)
                Subject: Fw: Parks Hwy MP315 Signs
                Dan,

               Received your letter dated 6/10/08. In response , this was not a Jolt intent to claim . it was a response
               with back-up from our aluminum supplier that the chromate conversion coating you have been concerned
               about had indeed been applied. It documented our conformance to Standard Specification 730-
               2.01which was the single complaint you have made to Jolt starting in Nov . 2007 and continuing through
               May, 27th of this year. It was and is an attempt for finding a reasonable solution to your concern . In your
               latest letter you now quote from another Standard Specification,
               615-301 , indicating the Jolt installed signs "detract from general or color match ." Let me point out that
               any discoloration is white in color over silver colored aluminum and that it is on the back of the sign.
               Also, I provided a corrective action plan over six months ago that would correct any "color match"
               discrepency and in reasonable fashion . That action , recommended by Jolt's aluminum supplier,
               consisted of lightly sanding any white spots then painting the entire back of the sign with an aluminum
               based paint. This would be at no cost to the AKDOT . Would this not resonably solve all issues? Please
               advise.
               Steve Cole
               Jolt


                ----- Original Message --
                From: Jolt Construction And Traffic Maintenance Inc
                To: Adamczak , Daniel S (DOT)
                Cc: ion dunham(7adot. state. ak.us ; leo.vonscheben(aalaska.oov ; sarah . oalinta.alaska.aov ;
                representativemark neuman ta leois.state. akus ; g^harliehu-oains(Ieais. state. ak.us ;
                steve.titus(a)alaska. gov
                Sent: Friday , May 30, 2008 4:33 PM
                Subject: Parks Hwy MP315 Signs

               Dan,
               Received your letter dated 5/27/08 outlining AKDOT corrective action for oxidation on sign backs. Seems
               a bit heavy handed to replace sign panels that have been up and directing the Alaska public
               for the past seven months and show no sign of degeneration. The $60 ,00.00 warranty bond also seems
               somewhat high for a job that totals about $72,000 . 00 and you have paid only $42 , 000.00.
               It also flys in the face your offer to accept the job if the reflective sheeting manufacturer warranted their
               product in spite of back of sign oxidation . See both attached letters. Yours and theirs. I also have
               attached a new letter from my aluminum supplier backing up our claim and the accepted submittals you
               already posses stating the chromate conversion coating has indeed been applied.
               Taking into account this new information , if Jolt is still in non-conformance with Standard Secification 730-
               2.01, please detail precisly what that non-conformance is.
               Steve Cole
               Jolt Construction




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0019422
