Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



               Unknown
               From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Monday , June 16 , 2008 3:00 PM
               To:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: CSG-West Conference - Women in Politics



               From: Sen. Lesil McGuire [mailto:Senator Lesil-McGuire@legis.state.ak.us]
               Sent: Friday, June 13, 2008 3:34 PM
               To: McGuire, Lesil L (LAA)
               Cc: Szymanski, Shalon R (LAA); Williams, Liz (LAA); Fulton, Trevor M (LAA); Harnett, Eugene P (IAA)
               Subject: CSG-West Conference - Women in Politics


               Good Afternoon, Ladies. I hope you are all enjoying the summer so far . Special session is in
               full swing and as you know the legislature is now on the road . I wanted to take a few minutes to
               send you all an invitation to an exciting event that will be taking place next month . The Council
               of State Governments -West (CSG-West) conference will be in Anchorage July 16-20u' at the
               Hotel Captain Cook. As chair of CSG-West I wanted to be sure to get our strong Alaskan
               women in politics involved in this event . This meeting will provide you an opportunity to
               participate in a variety of sessions geared toward issues affecting our Western region. We have a
               number of excellent meetings and activities planned that will provide educational opportunities
               as well as let you share your knowledge and experiences with others.

               I would also like to highlight a special event taking place on July 18th that will focus specifically
               on "Women Working Together ." " We will have guest speaker Fawn Germer, a four time
               nominee for the Pulitzer Prize and best selling author for her books Mustang Sallies, and Hard
               Won Wisdom, and most recently Woman Rules. She is internationally acclaimed as a speaker
               with heart and humor. This event is sure to be a great one. I truly hope to see all of you there.

               Please see the attached schedule and registration form for the CSG - West conference and I have
               also attached more information on the "Women Working Together" forum . You can also check
               out the CSG- West Anchorage Conference website for more details . www.csgwest2008.org

               And please feel free to contact me directly if you have any questions or my staff by calling my
               Anchorage office, 907-269-0250.

               Thank you very much for your time and consideration.


               Warmly,
               Lesil




                10/15/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0019423
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                Page 2 of 2




                10/15/2009


                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0019424
