Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


                  Unknown

                   From:      frank bailey [ftb907@yahoo.com]
                   Sent:      Tuesday, June 17, 2008 5:30 PM
                   To:         Sarah Palin
                   Cc:        ivyfrye@yahoo.com; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                   Subject: Kenai Area Issues
                  Governor,

                  Randy is working with several folks in Kenai on various DOT and OMB related issues. He has
                  also spoken with Glen Martin who may stop over to say hi at tomorrow's events. Glen's issues
                  are related to a Keystone Drive project, oversight of that project, and contractors complaining of
                  fuel escalation fees in project bids. Leo is looking at the fuel escalation issue but the fix isn't as
                  easy as relayed. Randy followed up with DOT's Gordon Keith and DOT does plan to oversee
                  this project's engineering and design work. Other issues Randy mentioned you may hear about
                  are all being worked on as well:

                          The Marathon road issue may be resolved this Thursday at a meeting we arranged with Leo.
                          The decision that the crime lab will be located in Anchorage was made and communicated to Rick
                            months ago by Watt
                          The $18 million dollar capital project for bluff erosion is a budget issue for next session and
                            information on it should go to OMB.
                          DOT says they cannot put the Sterling Highway project into the STIP because there is not enough
                            funds to complete the project and federal regs dona Mt allow them to put projects in the STIP
                            anymore if full funding of the project is not reasonably foreseeable, and the project is not a
                            statewide priority.

                  As we discussed, we'll direct any folks with questions to Randy. If you have any further
                  questions please let us know and we can track them down.




                   10/15/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0019458
