Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                    Wednesday, June 18, 2008 10:17 AM
              To:                      ccfishc@gci.net
              Subject:                 RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb. alaska .gov [mailto: WebMail @govweb . alaska.gov]

              Sent: Tuesday, June 17, 2008 1:56 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. Kim Rivera

              address: 109 Spruce St. Juneau AK 99801

               907-463-1529




              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin;




              I'm listening to KTOO right now and there.'s a story on NPR (about 2pm tuesday) about the
              boy with Down's Syndrome that is in the movie "Notes on a Scandal" (a very good movie, we
              watched it some time ago from Netflix). You might enjoy listening to it.




             And I thought of you and your family, in the sense of having a child with Down's syndrome.
             I know this is a very personal matter and I hesitated to even write.....I just want to say
             how much I applaud you and your family on being open and sharing and I delighted in seeing
             a. news story of you signing a bill while holding Trig.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019483
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The very best to you, Trig, and all of your family.




              Sincerely and respectfully,




              Kim Rivera




              ccfishc@gci.net




                                                            2
