Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                    gov.sarahyyahoo.com
              Sent:                    Wednesday, June 18, 2008 7:52 AM
              To:                      Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
              Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject:                 Re: Palmer Update...


              Thanks Annette. Let me know if you hear more, esp if a trooper is involved. Thanks

               Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



               -----Original Message-----

              From : " Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)" <annette . kreitzer@alaska.gov>



              Date : Wed, 18 Jun 2008 07:03:07

              To:"Kreitzer , Annette E ( DOA)" <annette . kreitzer@alaska . gov>,gov.sarah@yahoo.com

               Cc:"Nizich , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike . nizich@alaska.gov>

               Subject : RE: Palmer Update...




             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0019494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               -----Original Message-----

               From :   Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)

               Sent : Wed 6 / 18/2008 6:56 AM

               To: gov . sarahhyahoo.com

               Cc: Nizich ,    Michael A (GOV)

               Subject :   FW: Palmer Update...




               One brother facing most serious charges is the one who quit before we could complete our
              personnel investigation.   This email is in regard to his brother , a foreman for the State
              - who has admitted taking State property .  Again, I have not asked for names of the
              individuals , but will after the troopers take action next week.

               ak



               -----Original Message-----

               From: Durand ,    Kent D (DOA)

               Sent :   Tue 6 / 17/2008 4:46 PM

               To: Kreitzer ,   Annette E (DOA)

               Cc: Sheehan ,    Katherine E (DOA)

               Subject: RE: Update...




               Per call late this afternoon ,       the brother (a Forman for the state )       has admitted to
                                                                   2




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019495
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              criminal    investigator to taking some state property .  The property value apparently does
              not rise    to the same value as the first employee .  In addition , apparently when he became
              aware of    the investigation , he also took steps to dispose of some of the property. So he
              may also    be facing "tampering with evidence charges" from state troopers.




               Investigator has move estimated arrest time for brothers to next week.




               From : Kreitzer , Annette E (DOA)

               Sent :   Thursday ,   June 12 ,   2008 3:38 PM

               To: Durand ,    Kent D (DOA)

               Cc: Sheehan , Katherine E (DOA)

               Subject : Employee Issue




               Kent:




               What is the outcome of this situation?            Has this employee been terminated?




               ak




               From :   Durand ,   Kent D (DOA)

               Sent: Tuesday , June 10 , 2008 10:20 AM

               To: Neal ,   Nicki L    ( DOA); Sheehan ,   Katherine E (DOA)

               Cc: Lattimore , Dana D (DOA)


                                                                      3




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0019496
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Subject: Possible Press Issue




              I have been working with DOT management staff on a potential discipline matter involving
             a DOT/ Local 71 employee . His duty station is in Palmer and it is alleged that he has
             taken a significant amount of state property ( including fuel ) for his own . We will be
             calling him in tomorrow to deal with the allegations on the personnel side .  There may be
             others under investigation by the troopers.




              We alerted Law and the Palmer DA of our personnel process / investigation.  The troopers
             are close to the end of their investigation with the same employee / state property----the
             conduct appears to be a felony charge due to the significant value of property ---- I am
             told the value is somewhere around 25 - 30 thousand $$.




              We sent the employee home while we dealt with the issue and will call him in tomorrow
             with his union representative to address the personnel allegations .   Of course , we have
             worked 5th Amendment issues into our meeting with the employee .   I understand that the
             employee will be arrested soon thereafter ( day or two ) by troopers.




                                                            4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019497
