Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent                     Friday, June 20, 2008 9:32 AM
           To:                      Provost Kathryn T (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Transportation




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Friday, June 20, 2008 7:28 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Transportation



           Web mail from: Mr. Bud Rice

           address: 24331 Wilma Circle Eagle River AK 99577

            907-696-0221




           MESSAGE:

           Hi Governor Palin:



           Thanks so much for attending the weed warrior celebration at Lydia Selkreig in Anchorage
           last week. I appreciated and enjoyed your presence there, as well as Todd and Trig Palin.
           I hope the Sate can also ensure we don't spread weeds up and down the state road with
           maintenance equipment. It would be great to certify weed free borrow sites and to clean
           equipment regularly.



           On another transportation note. Please use funds for a Knik Arm Bridge for a light rail
           connection to the Mat-Su Valley and Anchorage bowl instead. This would be used by many
           more people. I don't think enough people would use the bridge to include a toll fare and
           high fuel costs, in this time of shrinking federal dollars. We need to invest State funds
           in sensible transportation now to save costs to Alaskans in the future. Thanks for reading
           and listening to teh people of Alaska.



           Bud



           budr@mtaonline.net




                                                                i




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019587
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0019588
