Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Friday, June 20, 2008 9:33 AM
            To:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Elections




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Friday, June 20, 2008 7:32 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Elections
      I


            Web mail from: Mr. Theodore &quot;Ted&quot; Harper

            address: 508 E. Michelle Street West Covina CA 91790




            MESSAGE:

            Our son James lived in ALASKA and was head bartender at the ALASKAN HOTEL in Juneau,
            ALASKA. (He is now a pilot.) We love ALASKA at our house. Family members were key
            executves at the NRA where we understand you are a life member.



            My topic "Elections": We have read that you may be considered for a spot on the Republican
            National Ticket in the fall. We urge you to give that possibility your fair and favorable
            consideration as we believe you would be a fantastic person for the job. By the way, that
            is a beautiful picture of you and the children on your web site. We have three children,
            six granddaughters plus three great-granddaughters. Good that you have large family. We
            congratulate your son upon entering the Service of our United States of America. God bless
            him and his fellow servicemen. Nice "visiting" with you. We wish you well.



            Sincerely, Ted and Mary Ann Harper <blueyonder@earthlink.net>



           blueyonder@earthlink.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019586
