Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Friday, June 20, 2008 9:19 AM
             To:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
             Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Elections




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Thursday, June 19, 2008 8:20 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Elections



             Web mail from: Mr. John Kelly

             address : 1018 N. Maplewood Ave. Peoria IL 61606

              309-868-2460



             MESSAGE:

             To the best candidate for Vice President of the United States, Governor Sarah Palin:




                  I ,recently saw you listed on AOL as a potential candidate for Vice President, so I
             looked up your record and am I impresssed! As the owner of a small business in Illinois, I
             applaud your pro-business stances and your willingness to use our own natural resources to
             slow our independence on foreign oil in order to help stem the stagnant economy, which is
             experiencing a negative trickle-down effect from high gas prices. I continue to be
             discouraged by Senator Obama's response to the stagnant economy to be one of increased
             taxation. When are the Democrat's going to learn that continued taxation only makes the
             problems worse in the long run?' As a small business owner, any increased taxation I incur
             will have to be passed on to my customers. I can't afford to absorb it!



                  And I mean no disrespect by this, since you're a married woman and I'm am married
             man, but it doesn't hurt that you're hotter than fire on ice. Let me know what I can do
             to support your nomination.



                   Sincerely,




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019592
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 John Kelly



                 Peoria Specialty, Inc.



                 Peoria, IL 61615



           S2763 @aol.com
