Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From:                   Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
           Sent:                   Thursday, June 19, 2008 9:35 PM
           To:                     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); GaMn ; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR)
           Cc:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                Re: Lesil - Mediator Request

         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

           To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

           Cc: ExternalEmailgsp

           Sent: Thu Jun 19 20:38:59 2008

           Subject: Re: Lesil - Mediator. Request



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

          To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin,         Tom E (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

          Cc: ExternalEmailgsp
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0019609
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sent: Thu Jun 19 20:24:11 2008

           Subject: Lesil - Mediator Request



          I got a call tonight from Wesley Loy wanting a comment on a "proposal" from Lesil to bring
          in an MIT mediator to work out the differences between the Producers, TC, and the
          Administration prior to the AGIA vote. He said that Lesil told him.that she planned to
          send a letter tomorrow to Ralph & Charlie asking them to bring in the MIT mediators for a
          couple of days to try to work something out.

           I reiterated to him my response to Lesil during the hearing that we don't see anything in
           the AGIA License that will be a barrier to geting the Producers into the project, but it
           is important for the state to set the parameters for any discussions by passing the
           License.  Without the License things are too wide open to expect to get anywhere with a
           mediator.

           Wesley asked if I thought a couple days of mediation could help. I reminded him that the'
           previous admin negotiated with the Producers for two and a half years, and ended up with a
           deal rejected by the legislature.  We need the legislature and Admin to stablish the terms
           of the discussion through the AGIA license.

          He asked if we would participate in the mediation, and I said there was no formal
          proposal, but the legislature needs to complete the process they started last year, and
          make an up or down vote on the license.

           He then said it would be a private session, and I said no way.

           I'll check with Hollis tomorrow, and call Lesil. I'll let you know what I hear...



           -Pat




           **Sent from my hand-held device.    Please excuse any shorthand or typos. Thank You.




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0019610
