Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, June 20, 2008 7:19 AM
           To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Oil&amp;Gas




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Thursday, June 19, 2008 10:15 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Oil&amp;Gas




           Web mail from: Ms. Pamela Murray

     i     address: P.O.Box 875327 Wasilla AK 99687

             9m-176-RR11




           MESSAGE:

             I attended a town meeting tonight in Wasilla on the gas pipeline.



            I want to first tell you a bit about myself and background. I amnow and always have been
           a registered Democrat. I went across party lines to vote for you for Mayor of Wasilla both
           times. The first time was because I didn't like your opponant and you were a woman. The
           second time because I liked what you did for Wasilla. I and my staunch democratic husband
           both voted for you for Govenor because we liked what you did for Wasilla and were sure you
           would do the same for Alaska.




            We are a bit miffed as to why the "all Alaskan gas pipeline" girl has been taken over by
           the Canadians? My husband says its because if we keep it in state you can't line your
           pockets.He is very sceptical about "politicians". I am praying that is not the reason.



            I believe we should ask the people of Alaska in a vote if they want Canada to have that
           much control over our gas or if we want to use the infrastructure already in place in the
           oil pipeline to build it ourselves.



            I am concerned by the opportunities for Canada to use our gas by diversion or by using
           our gas to devolope Canadian fields. Or by charging exorbinant terrifs. It just seems to
           me there are too many ways we can loose by accepting this Trans-Canada proposal.


                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Why can't we simply build it side by side of the existing pipeline? Funding? I bet the
          people would vote to use the permanent fund with the reassurance that their used dividens
          would be replaced with interest, once the pipeline was built.



          It only makes sense to me to keep it " all Alaskan ", creating jobs in the building and
          exporting , keeping all the revenues to ourselves.



           I see a grim future if we stay thinking along the lines of not keeping it all Alaskan. We
          did it before ............ we can do it again!!!!



           Sincerly,



           Pam Murray



           P.S. You are always in my prayers as a mother and govenor . God Bless you




          bluedog@mtaonline.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0019606
