Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, June 19, 2008 9:23 PM
           To:                      Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Kel Goode
           Subject:                 Fw: Lesil - Mediator Request


           AGIA needs your assistance:

           Sent from my B1ackBerrye device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From:   "Irwin, Tom E ( DNR)" <tom . irwin@alaska.gov>



           Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2008 20:38:59

           To:"Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>,"Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)"
           <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

           Cc:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: Re: Lesil - Mediator Request




       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

            Cc: ExternalEmailgsp

            Sent: Thu Jun 19 20:24:11 2008

            Subject: Lesil - Mediator Request




            I got a call tonight from Wesley Loy wanting a comment on a "proposal" from Lesil to
           bring in an MIT mediator to work out the differences between the Producers, TC, and the
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019612
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Administration prior to the AGIA vote.  He said that Lesil told him that she planned to
          send a letter tomorrow to Ralph & Charlie asking them to bring in the MIT mediators for a.
          couple of days to try to work something out.

           I reiterated to him my response to Lesil during the hearing that we don 't see anything in
          the AGIA License that will be a barrier to geting the Producers into the project, but it
          is important for the state to set the parameters for any discussions by passing the
          License.  Without the License things are too wide open to expect to get anywhere with a
          mediator.

           Wesley asked if I thought a couple days of mediation could help .  I reminded him that the
          previous admin negotiated with the Producers for two and a half years , and ended up with a
          deal rejected by the legislature .  We need the legislature and Admin to stablish the terms
          of the discussion through the AGIA license.

           He asked if we would participate in the mediation , and I said there was no formal
          proposal, but the legislature needs to complete the process they started last year, and
          make an up or down vote on the license.

           He then said it would be a private session, and I said no way.

           I'll check with Hollis tomorrow, and call Lesil .     I'll let you know what I hear...



           -Pat




           **Sent from my hand-held device.    Please excuse any shorthand or typos. Thank You.




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0019613
