Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, June 19 , 2008 8:26 PM
           To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R
                                    (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Lesil - Mediator Request


           Sheeesh- I heard her comment tonight also. I met with Exxon the other day, then with CP,
           we all (naturally) agree that everyone will come to the table with TC-Ak AFTER TC is
           licensed. Everyone agrees BP will be there too. Mulva said he looks forward to me
           "bringing them all together" - he pointed to my conf table and we agreed we'd all be
           around that table at the appropriate time (I said that would be after the legislature
           votes for AGIA/TC). So... there you have the "mediation" vehicle. Lesil need not call for
           it - we're on it. We don't need to be told what to do on that front.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

     1
           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>



           Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2008 20:24:11

           To:"Marty K (DNR) Rutherford" <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Tom E (DNR) Irwin"
           <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>, Joe Balash <joe.balash@alaska.gov>

           Cc:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: Lesil - Mediator Request




           I got a call tonight from Wesley Loy wanting a comment on a "proposal" from Lesil to bring
           in an MIT mediator to work out the differences between the Producers, TC, and the
           Administration prior to the AGIA vote. He said that Lesiltold him that she planned to
           send a letter tomorrow to Ralph & Charlie asking them to bring in the MIT mediators for a
           couple of days to try to work something out.

           I reiterated to him my response to Lesil during the hearing that we don't see anything in
           the AGIA License that will be a barrier to geting the Producers into the project, but it
           is important for the state to set the parameters for any discussions by passing the
           License.  Without the License things are too wide open to expect to get anywhere with a
           mediator.

           Wesley asked if I thought a couple days of mediation could help. I reminded him that the
           previous admin negotiated with the Producers for two and a half years, and ended up with a
           deal rejected by the legislature.  We need the legislature and Admin to stablish the terms
           of the discussion through the AGIA license.

           He asked if we would participate in the mediation, and I said there was no formal
           proposal, but the legislature needs to complete the process they started last year, and
           make an up or down vote on the license.

           He, then said it would be a private session, and I said no way.

           I'll check with Hollis tomorrow, and call Lesil. I'll let you know what I hear...


                                                                   1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0019614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -Pat



           **Sent from my hand-held device .   Please excuse any shorthand or typos. Thank You.




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019615
