Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From:     Monegan, Walt C (DPS) [walt.monegan@aiaska.gov]
               Sent:     Monday, June 23, 2008 3:21 PM
               To:       'DONNA CHRISTENSEN'; Colberg; Tails J (LAW)
               Cc:       'M. Downey'; 'Michael Armstrong'; 'Budd; Nelsen R.'; Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored); Gilmore;
                         Dane R (DPS); 'Dorilynn Anderson'; Mlynarik; Peter J (DPS); Papasodora; John J (DPS);
                         wwmayor@ci.anchorage.akus; stevem@ktuu.com; 'Thim; MX; 'John Proffitt;'Sha Martin'; 'Shirey;
                         Cherie'
               Subject RE: REGARDING FATAL ACCIDENT IN YOUR STATE
               Ms. Christensen - Let me begin with offering our condolences for the loss of your brother. Lives lost are
               difficult for most, yet devastating for loved ones left behind; having lost a son, I know.

               Now on the heels of saying that, I had researched my e-mail and had not found any messages from you
               until this one. I offer this not as an excuse, rather as an explanation because I truly try to respond to
               questions and concerns asked of me. I have been advised that AST Capt. Mlynarik did respond, now
               twice, in trying to answer your concerns. I hope your original issues are now resolved.

               Given the perception of a non-response of my office, I offer an apology for that. Last Friday, I did send a
               trouble report to our IT section because people advised that their messages sent to me directly was being
               returned as undeliverable. That has since been corrected and certainly not a fault of anyone other than
               us internally.

               Once again, I am sorry for the loss of your brother. Weak sounding works, I understand; but accept our
               language's inability to convey these feelings any stronger.

               Should you have further or future concerns that are not answered timely in e-mail, my officer number is
               (907) 269-5086.
               -Walt Monegan


               From: DONNA CHRISTENSEN [mailto:duck963@msn.com]
               Sent: Monday, June 23, 2008 12:44 PM
               To: Monegan , Walt C (DPS); Coiberg, Tails J (LAW)
               Cc: M. Downey; Michael Armstrong ; Budd, Nellen R.; Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored); Gilmore,
               Dane R (DPS); Dorilynn Anderson; Mlynarik, Peter J (DPS); Papasodora, John J (DPS);
               wwmayor@ci .anchorage.ak.us; stevem@ktuu.com; Thim, MJ; John Proffitt; Sha Martin; Shirey, Cherie
               Subject: REGARDING FATAL ACCIDENT IN YOUR STATE

               To those of you who HAVE responded to my previous emails I apologize for sending you
               another one. I just wanted everyone to know how difficult it seems for me to get a response
               from Walt Monegan and Tails Colberg. These are the two people I was directed to for
               answers and not once have they even acknowledged the receiving of my emails.

               This email makes it #4. I believe that 4 emails are 3 too many for a. response from ANYONE
               in high authority in the State of Alaska where my brother's FATAL accident took place.

               Can any of you directed me to someone that actually cares?????? Please???

               Appreciate any and all the help I can get.

               Sincerely,

               Donna Christensen
               --- Original Message -
               From: DONNA CHRISTENSEN



               9/19/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0019691
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3


               To: wait moneoan0-alaska.aov
               Cc: talis.colberg(a-alaskagov
               Sent: Friday, June 20, 2008 11:16 AM
               Subject: REGARDING FATAL ACCIDENT IN YOUR STATE

               Good Morning,

               Below are two emails I sent out. The last one was sent out June 11th 2008 (by now someone
               should be responding). The second was sent out two days ago, but I think two days is enough time
               for someone to at least respond saying in anything "Received you message will respond in a day or
               two" something..... Or maybe these email boxes really aren't being read at all and they were given
               to me to shut me up. Won't work. I want answers and I as Donn's twin sister deserve answers.



               Good Afternoon,

               Below is an E-mail I sent out to dns.abi.webCalalaska.aov on June 11th 2008. I have yet to hear
               anything definite back from any of the e-mails I have sent this to, which are several people in
               Alaska, including the Governor's office. Since June 11th, I have learned a bit more, but I am still
               looking for answers. Can you answer any of my questions? I have one more question not listed in
               the original email below. Is it true that Ms. Miller appeared to be "playing chicken with on coming
               traffic"? If so, I would think that criminal charges are indeed pending.

               Hello,

               My name is Donna Christensen. I am writing to see how much information you can share with me
               now. Obtaining information in the early days was almost impossible . Having a trooper tell me to go
               to Peninsula Clarion to obtain information off the web, was somewhat surprising. As if this wasn't a
               nightmare enough, I could get NO ONE to deal with me in the early days of learning the news that
               my Twin Brother had been killed in a car accident on May 24th 2008 at approximately 1700,hours,
               in Soldotna, Kalifornsky Beach Road and Community College Road.

               We as a family have the right to know what happened?????? I am not going away you can trust me
               on that. I want to know what happened that day. Four of our family members went to Alaska to get
               my Brother Donn Phillip Johnson 6-27-54. We had a very difficult time determining when to
               schedule a flight there and back home, as apparently the Medical Examiner's office was short a
               pathologist. As it turned out, the family wasted a day in Alaska because they could have returned
               one day earlier, but since nobody could be more positive in giving us a time frame that the autopsy
               would be done and from there the cremation. It_wasn't until I actually spoke with the supervisor of
               the Medical Examiners office (Ms. Hickman) that communication actually started. The investigator
               at the Medical Examiners office was Lori Bye (spelling?).

               I have spoke with Trooper Carson, who advised me to look at the Peninsula Clarion. I spoke with
               Sgt. Trooper Loop (spelling?), whom apparently had the next two days off after my brother's
               accident and no one else could speak for him. So after waiting two days for the assigned
               investigator with the State Troopers, I still only learned that if my brother was wearing a seatbelt,
               "it wouldn't have made a difference".

               While the family was in the wonderful state of Alaska, they met some of my Brother Donn's friends.
               Through them we have heard that there were nine 911 calls prior to Elizabeth Miller crossing the
               center line and hitting my brother. We have heard that at the time of impact her speedometer
               stuck at 71 miles per hour. We have learned that there were NO skid marks in her lane, but skid
               marks in my brother's lane, indicating that he saw her coming and couldn't do anything about it.
               We have also heard that she went right over the top of my brother's rental car, killing him
               instantly! Well if he saw it coming, no instantly enough!



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI_0019692
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3



               I have recently learned that the death certificate is being completed, listing the cause of death as
               "severe trauma car accident". No surprise there, we knew he died in a car accident. We were also
               told according the the website for Peninsula Clarion that "there is no preliminary indication that
               drugs or alcohol were a factor in the collision." The Clarion also stated, "Miller was taken to Central
               Peninsula Hospital, treated and later released." Sgt. Trooper Loop told me that blood was drawn at
               the scene and at the hospital. Hearing of so many car accidents in the past where the driver of one
               car is treated and released, while the other driver is a fatality, usually drugs or alcohol ARE a
               factor.

               So my questions for you this day are:

               1. Do you have the BAC (Blood Alcohol Content) levels back yet for both Miller and my brother?
               2. Did Ms. Elizabeth Miller have a valid driver's license?
               3. Is it true that there were nine 911 calls about her driving, prior to her striking my brother's car?
               4. What was her speed at the time of impact?
               5. Were there no skid marks in her lane, but true there were in my brother's lane?
               6. Did Ms. Elizabeth Miller have valid insurance?
               7. Did Ms. Miller's vehicle actually go over the top of my brother's vehicle?
               8. Are any criminal charges being brought against Ms. Elizabeth Miller?

               For now this is all I can think of, but I am sure I will have more questions later. Please do no ignore
               me, as I am not going away. This was my twin brother for 53 years of our lives and my birthdays
               will never be the same. He was more than just a driver behind the wheel of a car in the wrong spot
               at the wrong time. He was a son (surviving mother), father (two surviving sons), grandfather (two
               surviving grandchildren), brother (two surviving brothers, one sister), uncle (two nephews & 3
               nieces) and a loving friend to many.

               I appreciate any and ALL of your assistance,

               Donna P. Christensen




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0019693
