Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, June 24, 2008 9:24 AM
           To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, June 23, 2008 12:34 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Trish Weyer

           address: 100 Inez Blvd Altus AFB OH 73523

             580-481-7700



           MESSAGE:

           Govenor,




           I am responsible for providing information/Input for Womens' Equality Day, August 26. I
           listen to 91.5 a Christian radio station, and they reported that you gave birth to your
           5th child and are Govenor of Alaska. I was so proud and impressed that a career woman
           wanted a large family and gave birth to a special needs child, God blessed you and your
           family. This also led me to believe that you are pro-life. I truly am tired of the
           political women who want to kill babies, I do not believe they represent the majority of
           women in our great nation. I am a retired MSgt/Air Force with a BA in Education, Major
           Special Ed. When I was young I thought feminism was great, boy was I wrong. I really would
           like to have an article on your views of Womens Equality Day in our base paper, "The
           Freedom Flyer". After researching Women behind the equality movement; many had one or no
           children and many seem to have their own personal agenda. In my opinion,the only way they
           could accomplish their goals in lif

           e was to enlist other women to fight for their cause. I was disillusioned and found this
           sad for children who need nurturing mothers, something that has fallen by the way side
           with the help of feminism. Our young children are crying out for protection, love and
           guidance. Unfortunately, Feminism has provided women the opportunity to take up vices that
           plague men. Granted, it is great to vote, but we should be walking along side of men and
           proud in our own rights of what we can do and accomplish as mothers, wives and
           professionals. Any plans to run for President?


                                                                 2




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019733
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            patricia.weyer@altus.af.mil




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0019734
