Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                  Unknown

                   From:     Colberg, Tails J (LAW) (/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROU PICN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                   Sent:     Monday, June 23, 2008 4:39 PM
                   To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                   Subject: Neil Cameron

                 Dear Governor Palin,
                      Apparently Dan Fagan called my Juneau office to talk to me about "Neil Cameron". I am in Fairbanks today
                 and I do not plan to call Mr. Fagan.
                      I think I should give you a heads up on what is likely the source of the call. Mr. Cameron is represented by
                 Wayne Anthony Ross. Mr. Ross was apparently on the Fagan show today.
                       Mr. Ross had asked for a meeting with me this spring to talk to me in person about matters that concerned
                 him. I met with Mr. Ross. The matters of concern to him were two of his cases involving two of his clients being
                 prosecuted for crimes by the. Anchorage DA's office. I told Mr. Ross I would look into the cases but that I would in
                 no way commit to override staff prosecutors. One of the two cases was Mr. Cameron. I did ask staff for an
                 explanation. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                       Mr. Ross    owe up        a    er a sing me         n        wing .up and nor changing direction for his
                 clients. I wrote back to Mr. Ross that I appreciated him but that I was sorry that he misconstrued my willingness
                 to listen to him as a commitment to override staff. He wrote back again even more curtly saying he was
                 disappointed and looked forward to telling me "I told you so" after his clients were exonerated. Now, he has
                 apparently taken his case to Fagan.

                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                    If you are interested I can arrange for a briefing for you on the details of the charges against Mr. Cameron.
                 The case is set for trial in mid-September. Tails




                 8/25/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019723
