Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 8:53 AM
              To:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
              Cc:                     Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov fmailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

              Sent: Monday, June 23, 2008 4:49 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Elizabeth Malone

              address: 407 W. 15th St. Front Royal VA 22630

        1      540-636-4627



              MESSAGE:

              Gov. Palin,




              Congratulations on the birth of your precious son. What a joy to know that God has
              entrusted you and your family with such a precious soul. I do not know you, but have
              recently heard many fine things about you. How refreshing to hear of a politician that
              'walks the walk and talks the talk'. Your decisions now, as you know, will not only stand
              in our current time, but will stand for eternity. To your husband, what a godly man you
              must be to be able to provide such strong support to your wife in her calling/career. Not
              many men would be able to do that.



              From what I am reading, you may be on the short list for VP. I KNOW I could stand behind
              you as Vice President of the United States. As Mordecai told Esther in the Bible, perhaps
              God placed you where you are for just such a time as this.



              Be blessed .    Elizabeth, VA



              jaguarsfan95@yahoo.com




                                                                   I




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0019745
