Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
              Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 8:50 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

              Sent: Sunday, June 22, 2008 11:25 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from: Ms. debbie ryscamp

              address: 109 farmington woodstock GA 30188

               770-591-9165



              MESSAGE:

              Congratulations on your newest addition to your family. My Uncle Chuckie had Down's
              Syndrome, and he was a blessing. We all loved him and he loved EVERYBODY, including Red
              Skelton, whom he wanted to watch on TV as much as possible. He'd laugh at Red. My parents
              were of the generation that spanked (not hard), and when we did something that warranted
              it, they'd get a hairbrush. Chuckie always hid the hairbrush before they could get it! I'm
              a first grade teacher, and I have yet to see one child with DS that is not loving and a
              pleasure to be around. It is uplifting that someone with real influence has set an
              example for those who think there is a "choice". There shouldn't be any choice, except to
              love each and every child. Each child is a gift from God and should be treasured for who
              they are as they are.



              debbieryscamp@yahoo.com




        i




                                                                  I




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0019746
