Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 8:48 AM
              To:                     'Skarmusgrove@sbcglobal.net
              Subject:                RE: Other


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto: WebMai.l@govweb.alaska.gov)

              Sent: Sunday, June 22, 2008 10:40 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other



              Web mail from: Mr. Alfred Musgrove

              address: 364 Oxford Street Hayward CA 94541

                510-828-2584



              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin,




              My name is Alfred Robert Musgrove, a native Californian, husband and father. I am 35
              years old and have Bachelors in Business Management from Saint Mary's College in Moraga,
              California.  I work in Gas System Operations for Pacific Gas and Electric, and have been
              doing so for the last thirteen years. On the side, I am a writer and have also been
              performing voice-over work, attending school.to possibly open other doors of opportunity.
              I am an active member of my community and parish, serving with the Knights of Columbus,
              and volunteering often. I am an active supporter of life and appreciate your support of
              it, as well.




              I want to say that I have been honestly touched and inspired to learn about you and your
              family.  As a father of 2 daughters, ages 8 and 6, and a son, 16 months, I know the
                                                                  1




                                                                                                              P RA_GS P01 _0019748
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              difficult challenges which face parents is these seemingly dark times. The moral decay
              which seems to bombard our children is frightening, forcing parents to remain ever
              vigilant to protect them from all which surrounds us.




              I applaud your efforts and the stances you have taken as a conservative, amongst the
              political gauntlet in which you stand. I applaud your dedication to protecting marriage,
              while also fighting for the lives of the unborn. I support your dedication to resource
              preservation and for harnessing the natural resources we have.




              What I want to say is this: When I read about you, I was inspired. A glimmer of hope, if
              you will.  I feel, in some way, as a registered Republican for the past seventeen years,
              that my party has let us down. I believe that this current administration sailed in,
              under the Christian vote, yet has done nothing but injured the poor folks who are fighting
              to make ends meet.




              I have a great job, and love what I do. But even now, I am barely able to keep my home
              which I bought in 2003, due to the collapse of the housing market accompanied by
              ridiculous interest rates. I am being murdered at the gas pumps because I have to travel
              25 miles each way to work and I've seen my bill double over the last 4 years! I send both
              of my daughters to private school because, frankly, in my area, it would be a disservice
              to anything different based on the schools in our area_ plus, I believe it is important to
              have education wrapped in the faith of Christianity.




        i


              In closing,.I just wanted to send you a note with a few of my thoughts. I am so touched
              by your story, and by the recent addition to your lovely family. Thanks so much and
              please keep up the good fight. We need individuals like you to stand up and challenge the
              dragon at times.




              Thanks and May God Bless you and your family,




             Alfred R. Musgrove
                                                              2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0019749
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Grand Knight



               Father Walter O'Brien Council, #3518




               Knights of Columbus




               Skarmusgrove @ sbcglobal.net




                                                            3
