Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 8:40 AM
              To:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject:                FW: Other




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

              Sent: Sunday, June 22, 2008 10:09 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Other




              Web mail from:.Mr. Mickey Garlock

              address: 1313 Dewitt Mattoon IL 61938

                217-317-4938



              MESSAGE:

              Dear Governor Palin:




              I read with interest your story of your son Trigg who was born with Downs Syndrome.. My son
              Kris was born in 1986 with Cerebral Palsy, Epilepsy and several other behavioral
              disorders. We were told that he wouldn't do well in school, if he attended at all, he
              would be in special (I hate that word)Ed all his life and would have trouble just
              surviving and he would probably never drive a car.




              While he has had his troubles, let me share this with you, first of all, all children have
              purpose. He did go to school, in fact, his Junior and Senior years in High School were
              mostly spent in regular classes where he got mostly B's, he has had his drivers license
              for over 5 years now, strangly enough, he got his license the same year he learned to tie
              his shoes. Although he will probably have to live in an assisted living type of setting,
              he is planning on getting married in about a year. All of this has happened even though
              our Doctor talked to us about abortion because my wife needed Gal-Bladder Surgery only 1
              week after we learned of her pregnancy. It was not an option. As far as his lifes purpose,
              who knows! It is strange about him though, during Dads funeral, he was going around the
              room consoling everyone who was upset. Strangly enough, I feel he would make a good
              Suicide counsular. Be strong, children are great gifts from God. You never know what they
                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0019751
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              will add to your life.




              Mickey Garlock



              1313 Dewitt



              Mattoon, Illinois 61938




              medic57 @mchsi.com




                                                         2
