Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 10:07 AM
             To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
             Cc:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Natural Resources




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

             Sent: Monday, June 23, 2008 7:12 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Natural-Resources




             Web mail from: Ms. Carlene Soptic

             address: 832 N. Cottonwood St,. Gardner KS 66030




             MESSAGE:

             Honorable Sarah Palin,




             Thank you for sending the letter to Congress requesting them to enact legislation that
             would allow oil and gas development in a small portion of the Arctic National Wildlife
             Refuge.




             Thank you for understanding and 'taking action' on behalf of all American citizens.
             Millions of us understand how important oil is to our sovereignty, independence, national
             security, economy, 'standard of living', etc ..... (too many reasons to list them all).




             Please work on John McCain, also. He will need to 'change' his policy however, the
             American people will understand and appreciate that he will put the citizen's interests
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ahead of his own pride.




              Sincerely,




              Carlene Soptic




              Gardner, KS




              csoptic@kc . rr.cor




        1
