Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Unknown

               From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 10:57 AM
               To:                     'indusb iousbee@yahoo.com'
               Subject:                RE: Other


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
               information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
               unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
               being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
               need, suggestion, or comment.




               -----Original Message-----

               From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@ govweb .alaska.gov]

               Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 7:42 AM

               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

               Subject: Other



               Web mail from: Ms. Debbie Veliz

               address: 700 Muddy Branch Road Gaithersburg MD 20878

                301.830.3163



               MESSAGE:

               Dear Honorable, Governor Palin:




               On September 30, 2008, a small group of women will be traveling to Alaska on an adventure
               mission's trip. We will be staying for ten days traveling to Kenai Fords up to Fairbanks
               where we will serve with a local church in the community-




               I would like our small group (six Marylanders) to meet you. I think you are an
               extraordinary woman who has made tough decisions on behalf of her state, most notably, the
               polar bear veto and the ANWR drilling. Your courageous to stand up for what is best for
               your community is what I would like my ladies to be exposed to. I would like them to have
               an opportunity to meet you, an extraordinary woman, mother, Governor.


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0019753
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              If you would have 30 minutes to meet with us, just chat, on either Wednesday, October 1 or
              Thursday, October 2, 2008, I would greatly appreciate it.




              If you have any questions about this mission's trip, I am at your service to answer any
              questions.  My number is listed above.




              Truly yours,




              Debbie M. Veliz




              Executive Director




              Arise Shine Adventure Ministries




              industriousbee@yahoo.com




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019754
