Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                               Page 1 of 3


                 Unknown

                  From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, June 24, 2008 11:07 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Chamber/Americas Editorial, "Ports to Plains Corridor'



                 From : Gil Cisneros [mailto:gil@chamberoftheamericas.com]
                 Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 9:15 AM
                 To: ******Gil Cisneros
                 Subject: Chamber/Americas Editorial, "Ports to Plains Corridor"



                               u
                               X




                                      Chamber of the Americas / Camara de las Americas
                                           720 Kipling, Suite 13, Denver, CO 80215
                         Phone: 303-462-1275 Fax: 303- 462-1560 Email: gil@chamberoftheamericas.com
                                               www.chamberoftheamericas.com

                 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                             CONTACT: Gil Cisneros
                 June 11, 2008                                                        Phone: 303-462-1275
                                                                            gil@chamberoftheamericas.com

                 EDITORIAL

                       Ports-to-Plains trade corridor secures jobs , prosperity, and a sustainable future to
                                                Colorado and to North America

                 By Gil Cisneros and Joe Kiely

                 At a time when security threats, global instability, and economic uncertainty dominate the
                 headlines, a highway project seems an unlikely topic as a good news story. However,
                 Coloradoans would do well to take note of the Ports-to-Plains Trade Corridor, a regional
                 highway that already serves Colorado's robust exports and promises to bring new prosperity to
                 the state.

                 This little road embodies the promise of the North American partnership, its value to
                 Coloradoans, and the common aspirations NAFTA can serve when it is fully embraced by
                 America's heartland.

                 Created in 1998, the Ports-to-Plains Trade Corridor Coalition secures the benefits of the North
                 American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), to the 38.5 million citizens of the nine -state, 2333-
                 mile Great Plains corridor, an economic space extending from the Montana-Canada border to
                 Laredo, Texas, the busiest border crossing on the U.S.-Mexico border. Working together as the
                 Great Plains International Trade Corridor , Ports-to-Plains, and two other regional groups - the
                 Theodore Roosevelt Expressway (from Rapid City, SD to the Canadian border) and the


                 9/18/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0019775
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 3


                 Heartland Expressway (Rapid City, SD to Denver) - promote mobility and economic connectivity
                 throughout North America' s agricultural and energy heartland, and connect our region to world
                 markets.

                 As defined by the Ports-to-Plains coalition and its partners, the Great Plains region is North America's
                 energy and agricultural heartland: Colorado; Montana; Nebraska; New Mexico; North Dakota;
                 Oklahoma; South Dakota; Texas; Wyoming. To the north, the Great Plains connects its member states
                 to North America's new energy boom provinces, Alberta and Saskatchewan. To the south, Great Plains
                 states tie into Laredo and two other key U .S.-Mexico ports of entry, and Mexico' s industrial capital in
                 Monterrey, and connect to a state-of-the-art intermodal network offering new points of access to the
                 Latin American and Asian markets.

                 The Great Plains economic region is a good club to belong to. In 2006, the Great Plains region provided
                 most of America's domestically-produced energy and nearly a quarter of U.S. commercial farm output,
                 generated 14% of US GDP (about $1 .7 trillion), and transacted about 20% of all U.S.-NAFTA trade
                 (about $166.7 billion). Collectively, the Great Plains region exported $43.2 billion to Mexico in 2007,
                 about 32% of the U.S. total. Clearly, our region has a disproportionate interest in a continuing , vibrant,
                 fully engaged trade relationship with our NAFTA partners.

                 The Great Plains partnership is the engine of Colorado ' s trading relationships with other U.S. states and
                 with the world Each year, Colorado ships over $6 billion goods to the eight other Great Plains states,
                 and, strikingly, $7.9 billion beyond U.S. borders. Of its exports to foreign countries, $2.8 billion, or over
                 35% of all exports, went to Mexico and Canada. That means, for every dollar earned by Coloradoans in
                 2006, 35 cents came from purchases of Made-In -Colorado products by Mexican or Canadian buyers.
                 Canada alone (Colorado ' s top export destination) bought enough from Colorado to employ over 120,000
                 people, about the population of Pueblo.

                 More good news: those exports are growing, thanks in significant part to the infrastructure network now
                 being put into place by Colorado's trade corridor champion, the Ports -to-Plains coalition, and its
                 partners. For example, between 2004 and 2007, Colorado's truck-borne exports to Mexico grew by 37.3
                 percent.

                 Business goes where it knows it can produce and move product most efficiently , to most places. Great
                 Plains trade corridor provides Colorado reliable, efficient and secure highways for trucks moving
                 Colorado goods throughout North America, and secures Colorado 's top ranking as a place to do
                 business.

                 There is no question that NAFTA has made Coloradoans and North America generally more
                 prosperous. Since 1994, Canada and Mexico have replaced other nations as destinations for our
                 agricultural exports, surpassing China, Japan and the European Union combined. Our partnership with
                 Canada and Mexico will enable us to steadily reduce our dependence upon Middle Eastern and other
                 unstable countries for our energy . Currently, almost one-third of the United States crude oil imports are
                 from either Canada (17 percent) or Mexico (15 percent).

                 Additionally, construction projects, roadside services, manufacturing, and warehouse and transportation
                 companies associated with the Ports-to -Plains corridor also receive the direct and indirect benefits of the
                 international trade detailed above . Those economic benefits have been estimated in more than $4.5
                 billion per year for the whole corridor.

                 The data tells a happier story than our headlines would have us believe. Great Plains really is
                 strengthening our relationships with our most important trading partners , boosting our energy security,


                 9/18/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0019776
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 3 of 3


                and attracting new business and investment into the corridor. The Great Plains group gives voice to the
                region's common values and aspirations and will play a vital role to industry, elected officials and
                government in promoting our future prosperity. In 2009, we will be hearing more from this coalition.
                We encourage Coloradoans - and citizens throughout North America's energy and agricultural
                heartland - to take note, learn more, and participate.

                You may not read it in your morning paper. But Ports-to-Plains and its partners doing a bit more every
                day to improve the infrastructure that makes Colorado one of the most desirable places in the U.S. to
                live, learn, travel and do business. At the same time, by integrating Colorado into a robust, regional
                economy, Ports-to-Plains is helping us to sharpen our game as a competitor in the global market. We
                think that's worth a headline.




                Gil Cisneros is the Founder and CEO of The Chamber of the Americas (COTA), a not-for-profit
                organization facilitating commerce and understanding between the businesses and governments of the
                Western Hemisphere. For more information, visit www.chamberoftheamericas.com

                Joe Kiely is the Vice President Port to Plains Trade Corridor Coalition and Town Administrator of
                Limon in eastern Colorado. For more information, visit www.portstoplains.com.

                Gilberto (Gil) Cisneros
                President/CEO
                Chamber of the Americas
                720 Kipling, Suite 13
                Denver, Colorado, 80215. USA
                Tel: 303 .462.1275
                Fax: 303.462.1560
                Cel: 720.309.7686
                gil@chamberoftheamericas.com
                www.chamberoftheamericas.com
                Support Chamber/Americas Foundation mission with a tax deductible donation!
                Check out our Travel page at:
                www.ytbtravel.com/americaschamber




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0019777
