Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Tuesday, June 24, 2008 9:49 AM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:                      Fabrello; Michelle A (GOV)
             Subject                  FW: Ak History_Facts




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

              Sent: Monday, June 23, 2008 3:00 PM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Ak History Facts




             Web mail from: Ms. Travis Livengood

              address: 3582 N. Hess Lake Road Wasilla AK 99654




             MESSAGE:

              Hello Governor Palin,




             I am   writting regarding my uncle Homer Mayo and his wife Vivian. I would like to request
             that   you consider giving personal recognition to Homer for the following reasons. Homer
             Mayo   and his wife have been in Wasilla and in the Meadow Lakes region since 1959. Together
             they   homesteaded and founded what is Pittman Road.




             My uncle owned alot of property between Beverely Lakes Road and the road he personally
             named Wyoming Drive (named after their former home) and beyond. Today the area is home to
             dozens and dozens of people. Homer was the first one to begin paving a road between
             Pittman and Rainbow Lake to allow for better travel. He also planed the first mailbox on
             Beverely Lakes which he grew to four selling each box to a particular resident for a small
             fee. Eventually it became apart of the USPS.




                                                                  I




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0019772
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             My Uncle is also a very kind and loving man who built my Grandmother a house for free so
             long as she came up to enjoy Alaska, a home which she has lived for the past eight years.




             My Aunt Vivian I was told is your former Sunday   School teacher from when you were a child.
             It might also be of interest to recall some old   childhood memories . My Uncle is 78 going
             on 79 and he is now 90% blind but is able to do   more then any other person I've
             encountered. I believe it's the saying "Walk by   faith and not by sight" that he's taken to
             heart.




             I hope you consider this request as it would mean alot to me and this charming old man.
             (Not that he knows what I'm up to of course.)




             Sincerely,




            Travis Livengood



            travis.livengood@yahoo.com




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019773
