Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 2:28 PM
             To:                     'stellawurst@att.net
             Subject:                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 12:50 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from: Ms. Stella Wurst

             address: 3132 Sunflower Street Anchorage AK 99508

              907-770-6607



             MESSAGE:

             Gov. Palin... the following was addressed to Northeast City Council and the Anchorage
             Assembly.  I wanted to ensure you received a copy of the communication and see if there
             was anything you could do to encourage support for this endeavor.




             To our Distinguished Members representing our Community:




            I am writing as a concerned parent of two Nunaka Valley Little League members. I have
            been recently informed that money for capital improvements to Nunaka ball fields was
            placed in the state budget, but was removed because the Municipality of Anchorage did not
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019785
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             have Nunaka improvements on their project list .    The reason Nunaka field improvements
             were not on the project list was because the Northeast Community Council did not submit
             the Nunaka project as a priority to the Municipality . With monies already allocated from
             the state budget for this very important project , I can only assume that this was an
             oversight on the part of the Northeast Community Counsel and one that can be corrected by
             re-submission of the project list requirements .   There is great community support for
             these renovations that include:




              § Re-orient the fields so that they are not close to Craig Street         ( decreasing the fly
             balls into the street and neighbors yards);



             §    Add a coach pitch/tee ball field for our very youngest players



             § Build a new building with a concession stand, bathrooms and storage



             §    Add irrigation to the fields



                 § Increase the fields to standard little league size.




             If we are to continue to encourage our youth to participate in sports and activities that
             keep them off the streets and out of "trouble ", I implore you reconsider your decision to
             remove this project list from the capital improvement budget .   Creating opportunities for
             East Anchorage to better support its youth community should most definitely be a priority
             for both the Northeast Counsel and the Assembly . The league has requested time at the
             Northeast Community Council meeting on Thursday , June 19th to present their case , and I am
             not sure that they were given an opportunity to do so.



             In the event that they were not granted time, or even if they were, I would respectfully
             ask that you note my concerns as a parent and community member.




             Kind regards




             Stella Wurst




             3132 Sunflower Street,
                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0019786
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Anchorage, AK 99508,



            Tel:   907-770-6607




            stellawurst@att.net




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0019787
