Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Tuesday, June 24, 2008 2:24 PM
             To:                     'reneeduncan@adelphe.us'
             Subject:                RE: Intemational Relations and Trade


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

             Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 1:37 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: International-Relations-and-Trade




             Web mail from: Ms. Renee Duncan

             address: PO Box 646 Soldotna AK 99669

               907-398-0708




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Gov. Palin,




             First off, I would like to say "Thank you" for taking time to speak at the Alaska District
             Council of the Assemblies of God this past April. You Shined! My husband considered it a
             high priviledge to escort you into the meeting and my teenage daughter was THRILLED to
             meet you. I personally was proud of what you have accomplished.




             I am writing in regards to soliciting your interest in an international group, I am
             working with,that would like to schedule a Millenium Summit in Anchorage next year. It
             would be dealing with the Millenium Developement goals of the United Nations.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019788
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Daniel Germain President and Founder of the Millennium Summit is flying in from Canada and
            has requested I set a meeting with you for him. I would love the opportunity to speak with
            you and see if we may set a meeting date with the International Director in August.




            This awesome opportunity is ours - to set this up with a support system of strong
            integrity based people. It would be a non-religous gathering but You and I would have
            opportunity to recommend speakers.




            I know you are coming to Homer this week and I live in Soldotna, is there opportunity to
            have 10 minutes of your time?




            You may reach me at 907-398-0708 or 907-262-9177




            Rev. Renee Duncan




            Peninsula Christian Center A/G




            reneeduncan@adelphe.us




            Additional Information regarding the summit:




            Building on the incredible success of the past Millennium Summits , Anchorage will now have
            the same opportunity to participate in the Millenium Conference movement. The original
                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019789
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Millennium Summit ( called the Montreal Millennium Promise Conference ) was convened in
             Montreal in November , 2006 . 3000 participants heard renowned speakers , celebrities;
             politicians and humanitarians discuss the world's progress in meeting the Millennium
             Development Goals as promised by the United Nations. In 2007, the second Montreal
             Millennium Summit was expanded to also include panel discussions for development
             professionals working in NGO's, government, academia , and the private sector and a youth
             forum.  With the theme "It's Time For Children ", the conference assembled over 4000 people
             of prominent figures - individuals who are devoted to social causes and the fight against
             poverty from here and around the world.




             Attendees had the opportunity to hear these and other speakers:



                   Mr. William J. Clinton ,   forty-second President of the United States




                   Ms. Mia Farrow ,   actress and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador




                   Mr. Jeffrey Sachs ,   Ph.D.,   Director of the UN Millennium Project




                  Mr. Craig Kielburger and Mr. Mark Kielburger , authors of the best - selling book Me to
             We and founders of Free the Children and Leaders Today




                   Mr. Gerald Tremblay , Mayor of Montreal



                    Archbishop Desmond Tutu , Archbishop and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate



                    Mr. Paul Martin, Former Prime Minister of Canada




                    Mr. Michael Douglas, actor and activist




                    Ms. Cherie Booth Blair, noted British attorney and Human Rights advocate



                   Ms. Trudy Styler ,    actress and humanitarian



                   Mr. Ishmael Beah, author and former child soldier



                                                               3




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0019790
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   Senator Romeo Dallaire, Lt. General and former UN Commander




             At the conclusion of the past Millennium Summit,it was promised this conference would
             initiate a series of annual forums. Well, a promise is a promise! The unquestionable
             success of the first conference opened the door for the event to assume a new vision,
             resulting in the creation of an independent and autonomous non-profit organisation,
             subject to the decisions of its own board of directors. The new entity is called The
             Millennium Summit.




             reneeduncan@adelphe.us




                                                           4




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0019791
