Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, June 24, 200811:26 AM
            To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject.                 FW: Mititary_and Veterans Affairs




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 9:26 AM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Military and Veterans Afairs




            Web mail from: Dave Spayde

             address: 326 Gulkana Avenue #H Ft Richardson AK 99505

              585-472-3049



            MESSAGE:

             Gov Palin,




            MG Layfield Concealed Carry Policy allows us to carry a Machinegun overseas, but not a
            sidearm on our home soil. He is attacking the Constition of the United States which I
            swore before God to defend from enemies foreign and domestic. By signing on to this Policy
            he's coming close to a domestic enemy himself. I've only ever fought foreign enemies, I
            don't have enough rank to loose to confront him. Last time I checked President Bush is our
            Commander in Chief and wouldn't like to know one of his Generals doesn't trust his own
            men. He also asked APD to enforce, but a APD officer told me he can't since it isn't AK
            law.




            Fratricide against your own men, is wrong no matter what your rank. But I don't or ever
            will have enough rank to stop this. You simply do not shoot your buddy, real rounds or
            policies.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0019798
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Please email me or call me so I can be sure you can forward this higher. I have downloaded
             a copy of the Policy that is found on the Ft Richardson intranet.




             If a Blue Jeep Wrangler is outside my Quarters on post, I'm home. Stop by, I have an "Open
             Door" policy, if I'm home it's open. And my grill usually has extra, just incase people
             stop by. However my wife might want a few hours warning.




             Thanks,




             Dave Spayde, SGT (P)




             US Paratrooper




             God, Family, Country



             dave.spayde@us.army.mil




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0019799
