Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaskagov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, June 25, 2008 2:39 PM
             To:                      'in8@centurytel.net
             Subject:                 RE: Seniors


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov3

             Sent: Wednesday, June 25, 2008 12:58 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Seniors



             Web mail from: Mr. Matthew Colby

             address: 713 Broadway baraboo WI 53913




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,




             It has been great watching you become one of the most forward(in a good way) thinking
             governors.  Unfortunately, it appears as though Obama may win the White House. The good
             thing with this is that our Governor Doyle may leave for there with him. Idiots follow
             idiots.  Is there any chance of you moving to Wisconsin to be governor? It sure would be
             nice for us to have you down here.




             Matt Colby




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019827
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              PS:  I think that we got more snow than you did this year. And for the time being more
              electoral votes.



              in8@centurytel.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0019828
