Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, June 25, 2008 1:45 PM
              To:                     msgkcj98@mtaonline.net
              Subject                 RE: Education


              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
              information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
              unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
              being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
              need, suggestion, or comment.




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov}

              Sent: Wednesday, June 25, 2008 5:48 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Education



              Web mail from: Mr. jeff snow

              address: P.O.Box 872933 Wasilla AK 99687




                                         Maybe your office' s are able to comment



                on the subject of, a $23 million dollar,155-bed massive prison



                expansion -vs- non re-constructed playground equipment at



                Big Lake Elementary. My wife and I have four children, our



                oldest child attended Big Lake Elementary's educational
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019832
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              program's, along with many other deserving children, including



              our three youngest children. The teaching staff and volunteers



              are dedicated to the student's education and behavior skill's.



               I'm sure Big Lake Elementary would be overwhelmed with the



               idea that, office's of the Governor to the State of Alaska.



              made it possible to find a bond or grant for building a new



              massive playground.



                                                      Thank You for your time.



                                          Alaskan parent for future Alaskan's



            msgkcj98@mtaonline.net




                                                              2
