Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                   Wednesday, June 25, 2008 8:49 AM
             To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
             Cc:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject:                FW: Energy




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov       [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2008 2:38 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Energy



             Web mail from: Mr. Charkes Ruple

             address: 7561 Byrnes Lake Road Bay Minette AL 36507

              2515803943



             MESSAGE:

             Sure hope you run for VP... Need someone like you to counter McCain. Below is copy of
             email I sent to my Senators




             ---------------------------------------------------




             We have got to get involved before congress or the two pReSiDeNt to bE (both only half-way
             qualified) will listen to us.




             Some of my ideas




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 0019844
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Don't complain about gas prices until you get off your 'gas ' and become active. Start by
            writing you Congressman / Senator and tell them to start supporting the US citizens. Still
            believe if we tapped our resources , the price of fuel would drop like crazy. That would
            buy us time to finally get a rational energy policy.




             I hear the mumblings ,,, but remember the Socialist Democrat Party and environmental
             extremist are the ones who stopped drilling off out coast, even Kennedy / Kerry demanded
             that wind fields are not build in an area where the towers will be seen while they are
             sailing...  examples go on and on ... Easier to go global when they finally destroy our
             economy.




             We all know ethanol is not the way to go. Matter of fact only the American gas guzzler
             will burn ethanol.  Of course , they drive big gas guzzlers that can burn ethanol. Only
             thing our congressional porkers have accomplished with ethanol is to raise food prices.




             Too many people view high gas prices only in terms of what it cost them to drive their own
             car. Energy costs are the foundation of our whole economy ; why can't people understand
             this? They don't make the connection to the farmer ' s equipment to plant and harvest. They
             don't factor in the trucks that haul crops and livestock to processing plants; that
             deliver to distribution centers and on to markets - all of which are driving up food
             prices. They don't see transportation of raw materials for processing ;. or parts to
             assembly plants or distribution centers; or finished goods to consumers - all of which
             drives up the cost of manufactured goods.




             Some simple things that could be done to start an energy policy.




            Open up our oil resources and encourage expeditious drilling . If necessary provide low
            interest loans for building of refineries and require only production of three grades of

                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0019845
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             fuel based on criteria of majority of states. If exceptional states need better emission
             standards, put the problem on shoulders of automobile manufactures or perhaps on the backs
             of the states for additional refining - then maybe they will realize they really don't
             need it after-all.




             Require all automobiles to achieve 35 miles per gallon (includes SUVs) by 2010. A
             challenge; but U.S. ingenuity and engineering should be able to accomplish it.    Light
             trucks should achieve no less than five gallons/mile below the automobile criteria. Any
             vehicle that do not achieve the criteria can be sold but owner will be assessed an
             additional property tax based on average miles driven estimate by DOT and percentage based
             on difference between required miles per gallon and DOT supported by consumer report miles
             per gallon tests. If all foreign cars can meet fuel requirements , then American
             Manufactures should be able to accomplish the feat. Automobile manufactures will also be
             fined using criteria above for all vehicles sold that do not meet criteria. (Vehicles
             produced before 2010 will have to be exempted to protect the average citizen who can not
             go out and buy another vehicle.)




             Encourage development of alternative fuels such as electric /gas power trains like in
             Toyota Prius; Several water /hydrogen engines have shown potential ;  Production of bio-
             diesel from used oils such as vegetable / animal /used fuels. Electrical cars are not the
             solution, they only increase demand on power stations which are already overloaded every
             summer.




             Not sure it is economical to move freight cross country by truck. Ideally, trucking
             should move freight from rail thermals to local users . This will take time to accomplish
             in this Country.




             Encourage and support power companies to develop other power sources such as wind, natural
             gas, nuclear , clean coal. etc. Several companies are already using gas from garbage dumps
             to power their plants. Power companies will have to be provided protection from
             environmental terrorist groups.  Any attacks by these groups should be met with very
             active force including deadly force to prevent damage.   These groups must be actively
             prosecuted as terrorist by conservative judges.Wind mill obstructing view while sailing is
             not a viable defense to stop a wind farm.




            Congress is threatening to investigate the oil companies for excessive profits. As Neil

                                                           3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0019846
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Cavuto said to some Democrat, I don't recall who (but they're all alike), what business
             does the Government have in setting the profit a corporation can make? Let them make the
             profits - and let them invest those profits in more drilling and more refineries.




             THE MAJOR PROBLEM IS THE SILIENT MAJORITY ( THE AMERICAN CITIZEN ).   We have let the loud
             mouth extremists and porker barrel take control of our Country .    We, the silent majority,
             have got to make our voices heard and let our congressional porkies know that we are tired
             and demand they start doing their job or the silent majority will remove them from their
             plush job . One way to accomplish this is to demand the House and Senate bring to vote a
             bill to open our natural resources before the end of Sep 2008 .   We can use their support
             of the bill to decide who to vote for this year.




             Who will run this country ; the patriots concerned with its future or the whacko's
             concerned with some wildlife ? Extinction of species is not a new phenomenon . As most
             outdoor people know, wildlife are very adaptable and adjust to their surrounding. Just
             have to make make it very expensive on oil companies who pollute.




             I am sure that all of you can provide other views on energy policy.




             --------------------------------------------------------------------------------




             Don't bother to blame it on Bush.



                                                           4




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0019847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Eight years of Clinton and Democrat controlled congresses haven't accomplished anything
            either.  Well, take that back our grandkids now believe oral sex isn't sex.




             Good article by Chuck Norris at the following link:




             http:// wnd.com/ index . php?fa=PAGE . view&pageld=66557




            Charles W. Ruple



            7561 Byrnes Lake Road
                                                               5




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0019848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Bay Minette, AL 36507



            251 580 3943



            crup1e1940@bellsouth.net




                                                       6
