Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Wednesday, June 25,2008 1:46 PM
              To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
              Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject                 FW: Energy




              -----Original Message-----

              From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

              Sent: Wednesday, June 25, 2008 6:38 AM

              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

              Subject: Energy



              Web mail from: Ms. Jo Scott

              address: PO Box 80845 Fairbanks AK 99708

               907-474.8869



              MESSAGE:

              Wednesday, June 25, 2008




              Dear Governor Palin,




              We appreciate your honest management! You are one terrific lady!




              Here are our thoughts on the high energy costs for some areas in our state:




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0019834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             We are opposed to a pay-out to everyone across the state. We don't think that giving money
             away is even a short-term solution. Citizens in some communities are affected more than
             others. A pay-out should be based on needs.




             We'd like to suggest that you consider the idea of subsidizing the utility systems in
             communities with high rates so that they can charge what -- for example -- Anchorage
             citizens are now paying per kwh.




             It's our understanding that the State has considerable "oil" money in a savings account,
             completely separate from the PF and CR. It seems reasonable that this oil-money profit
             the State is enjoying could be used to subsidize utility plants in communities that are
             really suffering from high energy costs -- like Fairbanks and the bush . We're concerned
             about what will happen next winter when some people won't be able to afford to heat their
             homes and / or businesses.




             With all good wishes,




             Jo and Dick Scott



             PS I spoke briefly with Melissa Stepovich last week, hoping that you might be in Fairbanks
             some time during the Fairbanks Summer Arts Festival. I think you and your family would be
             interested in seeing what we have established here . The last two days -- Saturday and
             Sunday, July 26 and 27 are jam-packed with exciting performances. If you could have time,
             please take a look at our web site: www.fsaf.org Thanks -- and I hope to see you this
             summer.




             festival@alaska.net




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0019835
