Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
              Sent:                   Thursday, June 26, 2008 4:28 AM
              To:                     Katz; John W (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Cc:                     Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: CONFIDENTIAL Attorney Client Privilege - Flint HillsRefinery/Senator Murkowski


              Thanks so much for letting them know of our efforts - we'll cont them so solutions can be
              found w/Flint Hills.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

              To: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

              Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Kelly,
              Russell T (GOV)

              Sent: Thu Jun 26 04:25:52 2008

              Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Attorney Client Privilege - Flint HillsRefinery/Senator Murkowski




              I wanted you to see the email exchange below between-me and Chuck Kleeschulte of Senator
              Murkowski's office, together with the Senator's recent letter to Governor Palin.



              I believe that we anticipated this activity by the Congressional delegation, and your
              previous statements have put the State in a good position. However, I wanted you to be
              immediately aware of Senator Murkowski's correspondence in the event that there's anything
              further DNR should do from a substantive or public relations perspective.



              Please let me know if we can do anything further from here.



              p.s.  I don't normally forward exchanges with staff level people in the delegation, but I
              wanted you to get a flavor of the impact that Koch has had.




              John W. Katz

              Director of State/Federal Relations

              and Special Counsel to the Governor

              jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

              (202)624-5858
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0019882
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               >>> On 6/26/2008 at 8:16 AM, in message <48635071.CD3B.0090.3@ALASKADC.org>, John Katz
               <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org> wrote:




               Thanks for forwarding the Senator's letter. Senator Stevens and I have had quite a dialog
               on the same subject.



               The bottom line for us is that Tom Irwin and his staff are ready and willing to talk with
               Koch at any time, the gas pipeline notwithstanding. Recently, Tom stated this publically
               and, I believe, to Flint Hills directly. However, it is critical that Koch be willing to
               open its books, and they have been reluctant thus far.



              At the moment, the State receives a $1 per barrel premium on royalty oil sold to Flint
              Hills.  It is my understanding that the premium has crept up over the years and will
              likely be reviewed soon.



               I will make sure that the Senator's letter is circulated to appropriate State officials.




               John W. Katz

               Director of State/Federal Relations

               and Special Counsel to the Governor

               jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

               (202)624-5858



               >>> On 6/25/2008 at 7:28 PM, in message <8818898C1A273247869D592201A9F9D202DD9FC6@SENATE-
               MS25. senate.ussenate.us>, "Kleeschulte, Chuck (Murkowski)"
               <Chuck Kleeschulte@murkowski.senate.gov> wrote:




              Hi. John: Here is a copy of the text of a letter that was faxed to the Governor in Juneau
              Wednesday afternoon her time and also mailed to her office. Senator Murkowski has spoken
              several times with Koch/Flint Hills folks and they have convinced her that they are
              serious about selling -- that might not be so bad, but more likely closing or turning the
              North Pole refinery into a fuel distribution facility -- that would be the worst of all
              worlds if they can't get some royalty oil contract relief given that prices have changed
              so and contract readjustments don't appear to be open until next year. This is not meant
              as a political attack, but the Senator is actually very worried about the loss of the
              refinery and given our chief of staff's talks with Joe Balesh she is really concerned that
              the Administration may not be taking Koch's concerns terribly seriously. Having real ties
              to Fairbanks where teenage home, she is concerned about the loss of employment and a host
              of other issues should the refinery issue fall through the cracks given Tom's, Marty's and
              Pat workload on AGIA and other issues. Chuck
                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_ 0019883
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                             June 25, 2008




              The Honorable Sarah Palin



              Governor, State of Alaska



              P.O. Box 110001



              Juneau, Alaska 99811-0001




              Dear Governor:




                          While I know it may seem paradoxical for an oil refinery to be facing
              significant losses at this time of record crude oil and gasoline/diesel prices, I am
              writing to ask you and your administration to immediately undertake a new review of the
              equity of the state's current royalty oil contract with Flint Hills Resources , which runs
              the state's largest oil refinery at North Pole.




                          As you well know the Flint Hills refinery, owned by Koch Industries, is vital
              to Alaska's economy for a host of reasons. Not only does the refinery employ 155 residents
              in the Fairbanks area , one of the largest manufacturing employers left in the state, the
              refinery also produces significant amounts of aviation fuel, which is one of the key
              reasons why the state's air cargo transshipment industry has boomed in the past decade at
              both the Anchorage and Fairbanks International Airports. Those shipments also constitute a
              vital revenue source for the state-owned Alaska Railroad. If the refinery were to close
              due to its losses, or simply convert into a fuel distributor of imported product, it would
              deny Alaskans of about 60 percent of their locally produced fuel, potentially requiring
              the state to purchase more expensive fuel from refineries in the Lower 48 States, further
              hiking prices for gasoline and other fuels - something that simply should not be allowed
              to happen at this time of record energy prices throughout the State.
                                                           3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0019884
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                          I understand fully that there have been issues with the willingness of the
              refinery's parent company to fully "open their books" so that the state can confirm the
              actual level of losses that the refinery is facing. I would hope that a confidentiality
              agreement could be reached quickly should new negotiations open concerning revisions to
              the 2004 contract so that the State can fully inspect the financial health of the
              refinery. Given the fundamental importance of the refinery to the state's economy, I
              encourage the state to consider contract revision talks that could benefit the State
              overall and the Fairbanks economy in particular.




                          I know how busy you must be this summer and I thank you for your consideration
              of this important matter at this time of record fuel prices nationwide. Best wishes.




                                                                                             Sincerely,




                                                                                             Lisa Murkowski,



                                                                                             U.S. Senator,
              Alaska




                                                           4




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0019885
