Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:      John Katz [jwkatz a@ALASKADC.orgJ
                  Sent:      Thursday, June 26, 2008 12:47 PM
                  To:        Tom Irwin; Governor Sarah Palin
                  Cc:        Joseph Balash; Kris Perry; Marty Rutherford; Mike Nizich; Russ Kelly
                  Subject: State Lands/ANWR - CONFIDENTIAL


                 I have been asked to convey to you that Secretary Kempthorne and Senator
                 Murkowski are talking about the possibility of federal legislation that would
                 authorize the State of Alaska to undertake a directional drilling program that would
                 reach into a ten mile wide strip of ANWR lands that abut the western edge of
                 ANWR.

                 The theory is that oil and gas deposits within ANWR could be tapped from State
                 lands without affecting surface resources within the refuge. The State and federal
                 governments would then share the revenues on a 50/ 50 basis.

                 The attraction of the proposal is that oil and gas deposits within the ten mile strip
                 could be drilled and produced from State lands without affecting caribou or other
                 resources. The BLM probably will suggest various bells and whistles, but the basic
                 proposal is as I've stated.

                 Despite the obvious merits, I think that the Congressional leadership will be loathe
                 to take up the proposal, and it could embroil the State in a significant controversy.
                 Hopefully, we will all get a chance to discuss this at a later date.

                 In the meantime, this concept is likely to become public tomorrow, as Senator
                 Murkowski is contemplating a letter to the Secretary raising the idea. Interior is
                 then expected to respond, and we will be off and running.

                 As soon as I know more, I will let you know.

                 P.S.
                 It is my understanding that Tom may be receiving a briefing on this as well.




                 John W. Katz
                Director of State/Federal Relations
                and Special Counsel to the Governor
                fwkatz G laskadc.ora
                (202)624-5858




                 8/24/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0019893
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page I of I



                   Unknown

                    From:     John Katz jjwkatz@ALASKADC.orgj
                    Sent:     Thursday, June 26, 2008 6:51 AM
                    To:       Tails Colberg; Governor Sarah Palin
                    Cc:       Craig Tillery; Kris Perry ; Mike Nizich; Rosanne (GOV sponsored ) Hughes; Sam Bishop; Wait
                              Monegan; Sharon Leighow
                    Subject: Second Amendment/Supreme Court


                  The Court's opinion is 157 pages. So, I have attached the syllabus which briefly
                  summarizes the decision.

                  As you will note, the Court confirms the individual's right to bear firearms for self
                  defense and other valid purposes. However, the Court would allow certain
                  restrictions mainly based on customary practices, such as prohibiting firearms to
                  felons and people with mental problems, as well as prohibitions on carrying in
                  certain places like schools.

                  Because the plaintiff did not challenge the licensing requirement for handguns, the
                  Court assumes its validity. This is the only part of the majority opinion I find a bit
                  troublesome simply because of the way the DC government operates in general.

                  In any event, I think that the opinion will be seen as a clear victory by gun rights
                  supporters, as it affirms the individual rights mentioned in the latter part of the
                  Second Amendment, subject only to reasonable and customary restrictions. There
                  will undoubtedly be future litigation in various states on what sorts of restrictions
                  can be imposed.




                  8/24/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0019894
