Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Sunday, June 29, 2008 8:33 AM
            To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich;
                                     Michael A (GOV)
            Cc:                      Katz; John W (GOV); Kelsey; Mark D (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Fagan


            Wow- I am so sorry you have to deal with him in the media. How can he be professionally
            dealt with if he thinks the way he does about a state administrative team - no wonder it's
            a constant, tiring battle. He referring to a "cult" sounds like his issues are pretty
            deep, and whack. He does an amazing amount of work to try to destroy reputations, and now
            with his new show coming on it'll get worse unless the public understands how facts and
            truth mean nothing to him as he plows through reputation-destroying missions. I'm sick
            about today's op-ed because he names names again in an attempt to further hurt Kris and
            Ivy (and others), as he's been doing for many months now. To many, once a repuation is
            destroyed then it's impossible to earn it back- his attempts to accomplish that with our
            good team members is disgusting and I fear it's been successful in some circles.

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



            Date: Sun, 29 Jun 2008 07:55:16

            To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah @ yahoo : com>; Hughes , Rosanne D
            (GOV)<rosanne . hughes@alaska . gov>; Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)< kris.perry @ alaska.gov>; Nizich,
            Michael A (GOV)<mike.nizich @ alaska.gov>

            Cc: Katz, John W (GOV)<jwkatz@alaskadc.org>; Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)<mark.kelsey@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: Fagan




      1
            Governor-




            I called Dan on Friday and attempted to explain everything about the

            book from Gail Phillips salary to us not having anything to do the

            contract - he didn't want to hear it. He got very upset with me and

            told me that I was being lied to. Said Frank, Ivy and Kris are part of a

            cult who would stop at nothing to promote you. Yes, he said cult.



            He said he was going to get a copy of the statehood meeting minutes to

            prove that I have been lied to etc.           I repeatedly told him that Senator

                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0019926
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Stevens` lack of ink in the book was not intentional on our part and

              again stressed we had no control over the content. Again - he said I

              don't know what is going on.


             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Sharon Leighow

              Deputy Press Secretary.

              Deputy Communications Director




              465-4031 Juneau

              269-7450 Anchorage

              240-7943 cell



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

              Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 7:30 AM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes,      Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

              (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

              Subject: Fagan



              Had anyone called him to correct his lies about the Statehood book? I

              thought it was accurately and truthfully explained to him that our

              office did NOT contribute to the book, that I did not have anything to

              do with it and had never even known any advertising company was even

              writing it- I have never even read it!
                                                                 2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              He disparaged so many in this op- ed- and put the nail in his coffin in

              terms of credibility, in my opinion.

                   If he was told the truth about this issue when it cropped up on his

              show all week (as I was told it's been his topic for a couple of days),

              and yet he still printed lies this morning, then this is more than the

              usual case of "Fagan ignoring the facts" - this is another case of Fagan

              outright lying. We will call him on this , and we need to let his boss at

              ADN know that they allowed another lying op-ed of his that has totally

              discredited their publication.

                  So, however we can deal with this- we shall.         Privileged or Personal Materi^
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


              Privileged or Personal Material Re In my opinion, this is another one that

              went too far because if he was corrected with the truth before he wrote

              this, yet wrote it anyway, I would think there would be outrage by folks

              who want to make sure we're dealing in truth.

              Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                                  3
