Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                   Sunday, June 29, 2008 8:01 AM
             To:                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich;
                                     Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                     Katz; John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)
             Subject:                Re: Fagan


             Someone needs to call Pat. And to write something for public consumption that explains
             Dan's untruthful op-ed... the public does need to know how NOT credible Fagan is - that
             even having been given the facts/truth he still chose to lie about yet another issue. Who
             wrote the book? Couldn't they help answer Fagan's bull?

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




             -----Original Message-----

             From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



             Date: Sun ,   29 Jun 2008 07:55:16

             To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Hughes, Rosanne D
             (GOV)<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Nizich,
             Michael A (GOV)<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

             Cc: Katz, John W (GOV)<jwkatz@alaskadc.org>; Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)<mark.kelsey@alaska.gov>

             Subject: RE: Fagan




             Governor-




             I called Dan on Friday and attempted to explain everything about the
       I
             book from Gail Phillips salary to us not having anything to do the

             contract - he didn't want to hear it. He got very upset with me and

             told me that I was being lied to. Said Frank, Ivy and Kris are part of a

             cult who would stop at nothing to promote you. Yes, he said cult.



             He said he was going to get a copy of the statehood meeting minutes to

            prove that I have been lied to etc.           I repeatedly told him that Senator

             Stevens' lack of ink in the book was not intentional on our part and

             again stressed we had no control over the content. Again - he said I

            don't know what is going on.

                                                                  2




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0019932
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Sharon Leighow

              Deputy Press Secretary

              Deputy Communications Director



              465-4031 Juneau

              269-7450 Anchorage

              240-7943 cell



              -----Original Message-----

              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

              Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 7:30 AM

              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

              (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

              Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

              Subject: Fagan




              Had anyone called him to correct his lies about the Statehood book? I

              thought it was accurately and truthfully explained to him that our

              office did NOT contribute to the book, that I did not have anything to

              do with it and had never even known any advertising company was even

              writing it- I have never even read it!

              He disparaged so many in this op-ed- and put the nail in his coffin in

              terms of credibility, in my opinion.

                  If he was told the truth about this issue when it cropped up on his
                                                                 2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             show all week (as I was told its been his topic for a couple of days),

             and yet he still printed lies this morning, then this is more than the

             usual case of "Fagan ignoring the facts" - this is another case of Fagan

             outright lying. We will call him on this, and we need to let his boss at

             ADN know that they allowed another lying op-ed of his that has totally

             discredited their publication.

                So, however we can deal with this- we shall.        Privileged or Personal Materi^
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



           Privileged or Personal Material Re
                                                In my opinion, this is another one that

             went too far because if he was corrected with the truth before he wrote

             this, yet wrote it anyway, I would think there would be outrage by folks

             who want to make sure we're dealing in truth.

             Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular one




                                                               3
