Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
             Sent:                    Sunday, June 29, 2008 8:01 AM
             To:                      leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'gov_sarah@yahoo.com'; Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Nizich;
                                      Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Katz; John W (GOV); Kelsey; Mark D (GOV)
             Subject:                 Re: Fagan

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                       Dan is known for his lies, -but this is
              ^ustover     e t p.



              Sharon, I'll call you in a bit.



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              To: ExternalEmailgsp; Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A
              (GOV)

              Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

              Sent: Sun Jun 29 07:55:16 2008

              Subject: RE: Fagan



              Governor-



             I called Dan on Friday and attempted to explain everything about the book from Gail
             Phillips salary to us not having anything to do the contract - he didn't want to hear it.
             He got very upset with me and told me that I was being lied to. Said Frank, Ivy and Kris
             are part of a cult who would stop at nothing to promote you. Yes, he said cult.



             He said he was going to get a copy of the statehood meeting minutes to prove that I have
             been lied to etc.   I repeatedly told him that Senator Stevens' lack of ink in the book
             was not intentional on our part and again stressed we had no control over the content.
             Again - he said I don't know what is going on.



             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0019937
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director




            465-4031 Juneau

            269-7450 Anchorage

            240-7943 cell



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@ yahoo.com)

            Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 7:30 AM

            To: Leighow , Sharon W    ( GOV); Hughes ,    Rosanne D     ( GOV); Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV );   Nizich,
            Michael A (GOV)

            Cc: Katz ,   John W (GOV );   Kelsey ,   Mark D (GOV)

            Subject: Fagan




            Had anyone called him to correct his lies about .the Statehood book ? I thought it was
            accurately and truthfully explained to him that our office did NOT contribute to the book,
            that I did not have anything to do with it and had never even known any advertising
            company was even writing it- I have never even read it!

            He disparaged so many in this op - ed- and put the nail in his coffin in terms of
            credibility , in my opinion.

                If he was told the truth about this issue when it cropped up on his show all week (as
            I was told it's been his topic for a couple of days ), and yet he still printed lies this
            morning , then this is more than the usual case of "Fagan ignoring the facts " - this is
            another case of Fagan outright lying. We will call him on this, and we need to let his
            boss at ADN know that they allowed another lying op-ed of his that has totally discredited
            their publication.

                So, however we can deal with this          we shall.                           I Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              o er one    a we      oo         se     a as c r e w e truth before he wrote
            this, yet wrote it anyway, I would think there would be outrage by folks who want to make
            sure we're dealing in truth.

            Sent from my BlackBerryg device from Cellular One




                                                                    2




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0019938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Re: Barrow                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From:      Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike.nizich@alaska.govl
                Sent       Sunday, June 29, 200811:15 AM
                To:        gov.palin@yahoo.com; K Perry Yahoo; Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Barrow
                I talked to Linda and she does not know where her saying it was going to cost us came from. The answer
                is what I gave you in the earlier message. If the Boro is offering their plane to you then its a gov to gov
                arrangement and we just need to disclose it and nothing more.


                From: gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.con]
                Sent: Sun 6/29/2008 8:44 AM
                To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); K Perry Yahoo; Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Barrow

                Thank you for checking w Linda before we say yes be I don't want the state to get a $10,000 bill to get me up to
                Barrow.
                ---Original Message----
                From: M Nizich
                To: Sarah's Personal Email
                To: K Perry Yahoo
                To: Janice Mason
                Sent: Jun 29, 2008 8:41 AM
                Subject: RE: Barrow

                I believe that because it would be considered a government to government gift I think we just have to report it under
                the ethics code. If there was some concern on the use of the plane as a gift to the state we could always reimburse
                them for it, I don't think we have to reimburse them. As for the cost to the state if we were to reimburse for using it,
                it would be calculated as a regular commercial fare per seat from Anchorage to Barrow. I will check with Linda and
                if that changes I will let you know.



                From: gov.palin@yahoo.com 1nrailto:eov.pAIW@Xahoo.coml
                Sent: Sun 6/29/2008 6:59 AM
                To: K Perry Yahoo; Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                Subject Barrow



                Did linda Perez say we'd have to pay for Barrow's jet to be allowed seats on it tomorrow? How much will it cost the
                state to reimburse them if we fly their aircraft?




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0019939
