Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTSICN=RH UGHES]
             Sent:                    Sunday, June 29, 2008 8:05 AM
             To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo. com; Niz h; Michael
                                      A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Cc:                      Katz; John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)
             Subject                  Re: Fagan

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



             ----- Original Message -----

             From :   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp;            Hughes ,   Rosanne D    (GOV); Nizich, Michael A
             (GOV)

             Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

             Sent: Sun Jun 29 08:01:22 2008

             Subject: Re: Fagan




             0
                 ,uleaed or P _raonal Mat nal Redacted
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                   Dan is     own    or   is   ies,    u     is is
             ]UciL o



             Sharon, I'll call you in a bit.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             To: ExternalEmailgsp; Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A
             (GOV)

             Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

             Sent: Sun Jun 29 07:55:16 2008

             Subject: RE: Fagan




             Governor-



             I called Dan on Friday and attempted to explain everything about the book from Gail
             Phillips salary to us not having anything to do the contract - he didn't want to hear it.
            .He got very upset with me and told me that I was being lied to. Said Frank, Ivy and Kris
             are part of a cult who would stop at nothing to promote you. Yes, he said cult.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0019929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             He said he was going to get a copy of the      statehood meeting minutes to prove that I have
             been lied to etc.   I repeatedly told him      that Senator Stevens' lack of ink in the book
             was not intentional on our part and again      stressed we had no control over the content.
             Again - he said I don't know what is going      on.



           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sharon Leighow

             Deputy Press Secretary

             Deputy Communications Director




             465-4031 Juneau

             269-7450 Anchorage

             240-7943 cell



             -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

             Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 7:30 AM

             To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes,     Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich,
             Michael A (GOV)

             Cc: Katz, John W (GOV); Kelsey, Mark D (GOV)

             Subject: Fagan



             Had anyone called him to correct his lies about the Statehood book? I thought it was
             accurately and truthfully explained to him that our office did NOT contribute to the book,
             that I did not have anything to do with it and had never even known any advertising
             company was even writing it- I have never even read it!

             He disparaged so many in this op-ed- and put the nail in his coffin in terms of
             credibility, in my opinion.

                If he was told the truth about this issue when it cropped up on his show all week (as
            I was told its been his topic for a couple of days), and yet he still printed lies this
            morning, then this is more than the usual case of "Fagan ignoring the facts" - this is
            another case of Fagan outright lying. We will call him on this, and we need to let his
            boss at ADN know that they allowed another lying op-ed of his that has totally discredited
                                                         2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0019930
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              their publication.

                 So , however we can deal with this- we-shall. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                                   n my opinion,   is is
              another one that went too far because i    he was corrected wit tie truth before he wrote
              this , yet wrote it anyway , I would think there would be outrage by folks who want to make
              sure we're dealing in truth.

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             3




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0019931
