Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From :                  gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent                    Sunday, June 29, 2008 3:43 PM
              To:                     Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
              Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Frye; Ivy J (GOV);
                                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Cockrell; Robert A (GOV)
              Subject:                Re: Barrow


              Yep- I'll need that hospitality room at least twice tomorrow- or at least a clean
              bathroom. Too bad the mtg couldn't be moved just one hour... next time I'll ask for
              tentative schedules so I can chime in earlier regarding my schedule.

              ------Original Message------

              From: K Perry

              To: Governor Sarah Palin

              Cc: M Nizich

              Cc: Janice Mason

              Cc: Kelly Goode

              Cc: Frye, Ivy J (GOV)

              Cc: Joe Balash

              Cc: Bob Cockrell

              Sent: Jun 29, 2008 3:10 PM

              Subject: Barrow



              Governor,




               I just got off the phone w/Andy Mack and Tara Sweeney. They are unable to reschedule the
              10:30 am meet and greet Joe arranged w/ARSC due to the start of the festival at 12noon.
              So, unfortunately the 8am departure time from Wasilla Airport still stands.
        I



               They will have a hospitality room for you and your family should you need it.



              Those we have for the flight: Governor, Trig, Piper, Ivy and Kelly. Ivy's car will be at
             Anchorage airport for the commercial return home. She'll also have a seat carrier for Trig
             for Barrow and the return.



               Joe will not be in Barrow, but Commissioner Galvin will be. Bob will meet you in Barrow
              also.



              Also, as an FYI I spoke w/Joe today and the gasline team needs to brief you on Tuesday
             regarding an AGPA response. This can be done by phone if necessary.
                                                                     i




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0019949
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Kris




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          2
