Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

               From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:      Monday, June 30, 2008 9:45 PM
              To:        Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
               Subject Re: FYI-Complaint filed against NMFS /Commerce over listing delay forCook Inlet Beluga Whale
              Thanks Talis. And mark snubbing Stevens isn't too smart...

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>
              Date : Mon, 30 Jun 2008 13:57: 01 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              Subject: FW: FYI-Complaint filed against NMFS/Commerce over listing delay for Cook Inlet
              Beluga Whale

              Dear Governor Palin,
                    Just for your information . The attachment, in case it does not open, is a complaint filed by various
              environmental groups against the National Marine Fisheries Service for failing to act in a timely manner to
              list beluga whales under the endangered species act.

                    Just saw the unveiling of the Peratrovich statue downtown. Begich and Diane Benson did the
              talking. Begich acknowledged Sen. Ted Stevens but did not invite him forward or offer him a chance to
              talk. Sen. Stevens then left the scene completely just as it started . After the statue was unveiled then
              Begich remembered to invite U . Gov. Parnell to speak . The Lt. Gov. spoke and read part of your letter
              which was presented to the artist . In the crowd were Arlis, Fran, Steve Reiger, the Peratrovich family
              members , a few others and mostly tourists.

                 Talis


              From: Meyen, Bradley E (LAW)
              Sent: Monday, June 30, 2008 1:49 PM
              To: Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW); Tillery, Craig 3 (LAW); Barry, Elizabeth 3 (LAW)
              Cc: Daugherty, Steven A (LAW)
              Subject: FYI--Complaint filed against NMFS/Commerce over listing delay for Cook Inlet Beluga Whale

              Greetings: Please see the above complaint filed by five organizations and relating to Cook Inlet Beluga
              Whales. The web site for the Center for Biological Diversity states that the complaint was filed today,
              June 30, 2008, in the District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaint challenges the 6 month
              extension invoked by NMFS under the ESA on April 22, 2008. CBD filed a 60 day notice of intent to sue
              on April 23, 2008. NMFS and the Secretary of Commerce have 60 days to respond to the complaint. I
              will verify the filing with the District Court for the District of Columbia and check on any motions that may
              have been filed at the same time . I have provided this information to ADF&G. Brad



              CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION

              Brad Meyen
              Assistant Attorney General
              Natural Resources Section
              Alaska Department of Law
              1031 W. 4th Ave., Suite 200
              Anchorage, Alaska 99501
              (907) 269-5232
              bra d . meven(a^ alaska,gov




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0019988
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               RE: Barrow tomorrow                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Sent:      Monday, June 30, 2008 6:49 AM
                To:        McBride; Rhonda (GOV); Frank Bailey
                Cc:        Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ivy personal
                Subject: Re: Barrow tomorrow
               Thanks so much!

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "McBride, Rhonda (GOV)" <rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov>
               Date: Mon, 30 Jun 2008 06:47:35 -0800
               To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Frank Bailey<ftb907@yahoo.com>
               CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
               <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Ivy personal<ivyfrye@yahoo.com>
               Subject: RE: Barrow tomorrow

                                                           BARROW TIDBITS: Gleaned from the Headlines

                    NULUQATAQ (nuh-luck-uh-tuck). Whaling crew captains host these celebrations. The Nuluqataq on
               Monday, June 30th is hosted by Eugene Brower, Harry Brower Jr., and Herman Ashsoak. The whole community
               turns out for the distribution of whale meat . On May 2nd, Eugene Brower's crew landed a 28-foot female with
               relative ease. Even though Brower has whaled for 50 years, he was surprised by how easily the first whale of the
               season was landed.

                     MAYORAL ELECTION. North Slope Borough Mayor is up for re -election. Mayor Itta faces a challenging
               race, with former five-term mayor George Ahmaogak in the running. Ahmaogak left his job at Shell to run for
               mayor. Itta is likely to oppose offshore drilling , while Ahmaogak will favor it . Itta is strong on social issues, like
               the borough' s Health Communities Initiative. Protecting subsistence and cultural heritage have been big priorities in
               his administration. Itta has joined recent calls to open ANWR, which is generally preferred to offshore drilling.
               Amaogak, who is a five-term former mayor, says one of his top priorities is instituting public policy that will deal
               with offshore drilling and exploration - similar to what he did with his comprehesive plan on oil development.

                    ARCTIC ICE MELT. Scientists predict for the first time in recorded human history , sea ice may disappear
               entirely from the North Pole. From polar bears to circumnavigating the Arctic , to disputes over fishing and oil
               exploration, the North Slope is at the epicenter. In May, Senators Ted Stevens and Lisa Murkowski sponsered a
               resolution directing the United States to negotiate an international agreement for managing fish stocks in the Arctic
               Ocean. The North Pacific Fisheries Management Council proposed in June that the U.S . close all federal waters
               until a management regime is in place.

                      COAST GUARD. With more water to watch, the Coast Guard is opening a new base in Barrow.

                   SHELL. Shell is retrenching its plans to explore for oil in the Beaufort Sea. Shell's new general manager of
               Alaska' s operations says his first priority is to travel to communities affected by offshore drilling. Peter Slaiby has
               already been to Barrow and Kotzebue.

                   EPA PERMIT. Air quality control permit issued one day after President Bush urged Congress to lift it's
               longstanding ban on offshore oil and gas drilling.


                   INUPIAT STUDIES. Shell gave the Inupiat studies program at the Ilisagvik College a $224,000 grant in
               April.




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0019989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              RE: Barrow tomorrow                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


                  WHALING AGREEMENT. In early June, BP signed a Conflict Avoidance Agreement with the Eskimo Whaling
              Commission to avoid exploration in certain areas until whaling quotas are met. Also part of the CAA: coordinating seismic
              surveys with whaling captains and other efforts not to disturb bowhead whales on their migrating path.

                  BYPASS MAIL. Postage increases have sharply driven up food prices in communities like Barrow . Residents are
              also unhappy with other changes in the Bypass Mail system. To save money, the Post Office started trucking mail to
              Deadhorse, which has resulted in spoiled food and fewer airline flights.

                 DALTON HIGHWAY SCENIC BYWAY CORRIDOR. Hearings were held last week in Deadhorse , Wiseman,
              Coldfoot and Fairbanks. Barrow is set to have a meeting on June 23rd.

                  BARROW HOSPITAL. This summer, crews have been preparing the site for a new $137 millon hospital . It will
              replace the old hospital built in 1964.

                    BARROW HIGH SCHOOL WHALERS FOOTBALL TEAM. 24 team members attended football camps in Nebraska
               and Wyoming. The Whalers got national attention when a woman in the Lower 48 raised money for the turf . Now they're
               in their third season. They play at Skyview on August 9th and in Seward on August 23rd.

                   METH. Last year at AFN, Barrow leaders spoke openly about the threat of meth, which seems to have made inroads
               in the community. At AFN, there was talk of some success in combatting meth , but some aren't so sure.

                    KBRW. Barrow's public radio station is losing a longtime figure . Earl Finkler, a midnight sun softball enthusiast and a
               regular onair presence for 20 years, is moving to the Lower 48 to be with family and friends . Finkler is also a local
               astronomy and science writer. He faithfiilly wrote stories about Barrow 's last sunrise for the winter and first sunrise in the
               spring.

                   BARROW FILM MAKER. Andrew Okpeha MacLean was honored at the Sundance Film Festival this January. His
              short film, "Sikumi," which means "On the Ice," was chosen as one of 83 short films to be viewed, out of about 5,000 films
              submitted. It's an Arctic western. The plot a man traveling by dogteam witnesses a murder out on the sea ice. The man tries
              to get the killer to realize the magnitude of what he's done.

                   LAW FIRM. Two Barrow High School graduates and a former North Slope Borough police officer opened a law firm
               with offices in Barrow, Kotzebue and the Mat Su. It's the first time a private law practice has opened its doors in two
               regions.

                  ARCTIC HAZE. Samples of Arctic haze collected from Barrow debunk notion that Arctic air is pure . The haze is a
               mixture of industrial pollution that migrates from the Russia and the Far East.




              -----Original Message-
              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com Imailtouov.sarah(cr yahoo.coml
              Sent: Sun 6/29/2008 7:29 PM
              To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV); Frank Bailey
               Cc: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Ivy personal
               Subject: Barrow tomorrow

              I'm zipping up to Barrow for a one-day trip to meet w/Mayor Itta and see some whaling celebration, etc. I'll have Ivy ask
              around about potential boards and commissions members. If there are any issues for me to be aware of that are timely for Itta
              feel free to let me know.
              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0019990
