Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
             Sent:                   Monday, June 30, 2008 8:27 AM
             To:                     AKimpressionsCustoms@gmail.corn
             Subject:                RE: Other


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@govweb . alaska . gov [mailto : WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov]

             Sent: Friday, June 27, 2008 1:33 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other



             Web mail from : Mr. Jason Wilson

             address :   4400 W Overby Wasilla AK 99687

              907 232 3934




             MESSAGE:

             Gov. Palin,




             It is with my great please that I was able to meet you a couple of weeks ago at the
             festival in Chugiak.  Thank you for taking the time to talk with my family. You are the
             first political person I have ever spoken with, and it was a great honor to get to meet
             you and your newborn baby. What a beautiful baby!!! I want to also take this time to let
             you know that my wife and I recently started a business in Wasilla. We do embroidery and
             screenprinting of apparel, and promotional items. It would be my pleasure and a great
             honor to represent you in future campaigns or other events/needs your administration might
             have.  It would be an honor just for you to consider doing business with us. If you would
             just give us a chance to work with you I know we could represent you well. I am inserting
             my companies profile below. I know you are busy, but if you ever get a minute please feel
             free to contact us to see how we can save you time and money on all of your promotional
             items.  Thanks aga

             in for being a real person to which the people can relate, and I am proud to have such a
             great Gov. of our beautiful state.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0019993
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Jason Wilson



            AKlmpressionsCustoms @ gmail.com



            www.impressionscustoms.com



            (907) 232-3934




            Thank you for taking the time to discuss our business.



            We do promotional items, screenprinting, and embroidery. I just wanted totake the time to
            describe our company, and what we can do for you.




             We are an ASI company, which means we are affiliated with the largest group of
            distributors and vendors in this industry in the U. S.  We offer great products at a
            reduced rate, and guarantee our products.   We are 100 percent comitted to our customers
            and their satisfaction.  We do not



            charge setup fees on embroiderd or screen printed apparel and many other items. We have
            many customers throughout the United States and Alaska. Including: Franklin Graham
            Crusade, Cherokee Nation Enterprises, Allstate, Georgia Pacific(recently purchased by KOCH
            the largest privately held company in the U.S.) Creek Nation Enterprises, Bank of
            Oklahoma, Abbot Laboratories, The Venetian, MGM Grand Casinos, Family Park Medical Clinic
             (AK), Alaska Army National Guard, Homestate Mortgage (AK), Copper River Excursions
            (Wrangell-St. Elias Wilderness Adventures), and Boondock Sporting Goods to name a few. As
            you can see we have a broad customer base. While we do have a broad customer base as a
            family, my customer base here in Alaska is not quite as robust yet, as I just started my
            business up here in October of 2007.   We (as a company)have been in the embroidery
                                                          2




                                                                                                      P RA_GS P01 _0019994
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            business for over 13 years (with 30 years experience), and screenprinting and promotional
            goods for over 8 years. It is a famil

            y owned business, and I just began operations here in Alaska in September of 2007
            (Although I have lived here 10 years, and served in the military for 5 years here) Some of
            our distributors include:   Bic Graphics, Leeds, Lanco, Norwood, Sanmar, Broder Bros, S&S
            Activewear, ArielPremium, H&C Headwear,   as well as partnerships with distributors in
            China. However, we take full responsibility for quality control of products coming from
            China.   Meaning products coming from China are guaranteed through us or our distributors
            locally.   I would love the opportunity to show you some of our work, and show you some of
            the savings we-could pass along to you.




            Below is my information , as well as a link to our website .         I look forward



            to the possibility of doing business with you in the future.



            Thank you for the opportunity to show you how we can



            save you time and money. Below is my contact information.



            Feel free to browse our online catalogs, but keep in mind we carry



            thousands of other products.       We just don't have room to put



            everything on the website, it is just a sampling of some of our



            products.    If you have a particular need let me know, and I will find it.




            Thank you for your consideration,       and have a great day!
                                                              3




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0019995
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Jason Wilson



          AKImpressionsCustoms@gmail.com



          www.impressionscustoms.com



          (907) 232-3934




          AKimpressionsCustoms@gmail.com




                                                      4
