Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2




                    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                    07-049

                                                      Governor Palin Fills Vacancy on Board of Fisheries


                    March 8, 2007, Juneau , AK - Governor Palin today announced the appointment of Juneau resident , Larry Edfelt, to the
                    Alaska Board of Fisheries . Edfelt previously served on the board from 1992-1997.

                    "I am honored that someone of Larry's stature and experience has agreed to come back and serve the state again on
                    this Important board, " said Governor Palin. "He 's familiar with Alaska fisheries from a number of vantage points. His
                    vision and temperament are just what this board needs."

                    Edfelt retired from the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1986 , after a distinguished 23-year career . He served
                    as a fisheries biologist , Deputy Director of Commercial Fisheries, and Assistant Executive Director of the Boards of
                    Fisheries and Game before his retirement . He has also worked as a charter boat owner and operator . Edfelt Is well
                    known around Alaska for his humorous columns published in the Juneau Empire and the Anchorage Daily News.

                    The seven members of the Alaska Board of Fisheries are appointed by the Governor, subject to legislative confirmation,
                    to conserve and develop the fishery resources of the state . This involves setting seasons, bag limits, methods and
                    means for the state 's subsistence, commercial , sport, guided sport, and personal use fisheries , and It also involves
                    setting policy and direction for the management of the state 's fishery resources . The board is charged with making
                    allocative decisions , while the Department of Fish and Game is responsible for management based on those decisions.

                    Edfelt will participate as a voting member at the Board 's next meeting , from March 9th to March 13th in Anchorage,
                    during which the board will take up statewide finfish and supplemental Issues . If confirmed by the Legislature , Edfelt
                    will fill the seat vacated by Rupe Andrews of Juneau , who resigned last month.




                    Sharon Busch
                    Office of the Governor
                    Executive Secretary for Press & Communications
                    Phone : 907-465-4031




             Don't be flakey . Get Yahoo! Mail for Mobile and
             always stay connected to friends.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000534
