Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
              Sent:     Thursday, March 08 , 2007 7:22 AM
               To:      Kristina Y Perry; mike tibbles@gov .state.ak.us; ivytrye@gov. state. ak.us; john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us
               Subject: Re: Peninsula Constituents
              i've spoken with Doug a few times - got my ear chewed on for not moving fast enough to find
              something for Maw.

              this is all amazing... the demands by so many people. i can't keep up...

              the whole flipping point is to get politics out of fisheries... that's why we're trying to balance this
              and not just plug in a single-interest individual without giving thought to the other fisheries
              needs. It's what I promised I'd do.

              sorry you're having to deal with a bunch of this. i know you're swamped too.

              I'm trying to get Maw on the fish board ASAP so folks will chill a bit here. The balance on that
              board is much more complicated than Doug is considering though . Ivy, Denby, Tib and I have
              been meeting on it.

              Bristol Bay is also clamoring for a spot on the board, as are other regions, as are the personal use
              fisheries folks, etc.

              I don't know Cramer. or Martin, do I?

              I love'ya Kris!!! Thanks for putting up with all of this - in addition to the "discrimination" false
              accusations, too. It's good to know that we know that we know that we have done NOTHING
              discriminatory. We have nothing to hide - and I appreciate sincerely your efforts there.



              Kristina YPerry <kris_perry@gov state. akus> wrote:

                This afternoon, at their request, I met w/Doug Blossom, Dave Blossom
                and Dave Martin from the Peninsula. Jack & Debbie Brown were also
                planning to attend but asked to reschedule. I won't go into all the
                details as it is much of what you've already heard regarding Fish &
                Game. But, I did want to pass on to you that they really hope that
                there will be consideration for Roland Maw and Dwight Cramer on the
                Fish Board. Neither have permits that will interfere. They also hope
                that politics in fisheries management will be set aside, support for
                the local biologist provided, and that Denby will go down there -
                listen - and get the fisheries straightened out.

                Kris



              Food fight? Enjoy some healthy debate
              in the Yahoo! Answers Food & Drink O&A.




               11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000562
