Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



               Unknown
               From :    Mike Tibbles [mike ibbles @gov.state.ak.us]
               Sent:     Thursday, March 08, 2007 5:45 PM
               To:       Sarah Palin
               Subject: FW: ADN BLOG

             FYI - Sent from Heather Brakes in Gene Therriault's office.

             Mike


             From: Heather Brakes [maiito:Heather Brakes@legis.state.ak.us]
             Sent: Thursday, March 08, 2007 4:16 PM
             To: john_bitney@gov.state .ak.us; Mike Tibbles; Christopher Clark
             Subject: ADN BLOG

             Helping hands
             Posted: March 8, 2007 - 2:09 pm
              Remember the state senators who were disappointed about having to foot their own bill to the
             annual Energy Council conference in Washington, D.C.?
             Well, a talk show radio host heard their story and offered to help them out to the tune of $500
             each . Mike Porcaro of station KENI-AM in Anchorage had some of the boys from the Senate
             minority - Sens. Gene Therriault, Tom Wagoner and Fred Dyson - on a show last week and
             pledged to help them fund their transportation costs to the oil and gas fest . Sure enough , the radio
             host confirmed earlier this week to the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner that he had signed off and sent
             each of them a check.
             In a press conference call this morning , Therriault said he and his colleagues were in DC
             to spread the news about Gov . Palin's new AGIA bill on the gas pipeline and reassure the
             nation that Alaska was serious about getting its natural gas to market . He said he's been
             meeting with representatives from pipeline regulator FERC and other federal and state
             representatives to explain how the Legislature in Juneau will be tackling AGIA to get it worked and
             passed this session.
             In the kudos for the Daily News department - Therriault said he's been explaining the differences
             between the Murkowski plan and Palin's AGIA legislation using a diagram and chart published with
             last Saturday 's Daily News story on the bill's introduction.
             Thanks for making us look good , senators.
             Therriault and the Senate minority gang are attending the conference with several other Alaskan
             legislators from both chambers . They return next week to get started on the first AGIA hearings,
             among other things.
             add new comment



            Heather Brakes, Staff to Senator Gene Therriault
            Senate Republican Minority Leader
            Senate District F
            465.4916, Capitol Rm 427
            www.aksenateminoriiy.com




             8/28/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0000584
