Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
              Sent:    Friday , March 16, 2007 7:52 AM
              To:      Michael Tibbles ; Mike Nizich
              Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin; Joseph Balash ; John Bitney
              Subject: Arctic Power

              I met this morning with Adrian Herrera, representing Arctic Power. He said
              that Arctic Power's executive committee met yesterday and concluded that
              they should open a one person office in DC.

             This person would work full time on Alaska hydrocarbon issues, not just
             ANWR. There would be close coordination between that office, the Governor's
             DC office, and the Alaska Congressional delegation , as well as various interest
             groups . There might also be a part-time contractor who would expand AP's
             liaison work to include organized labor and others.

             I mentioned that we had discussed Arctic Power's future role but had made no
             decisions, especially since we have had no previous recommendations from AP
             itself. I asked them to prepare a one page proposal describing what they
             would like to do and how much it would cost. I also raised the question of
             whether it makes sense to maintain AP's Anchorage office, consisting of an
             auditor ($6,000 per month) and rent ($1,500 per month) if Arctic Power is
             going to operate on such a scaled down basis. We didn't discuss the issue of
             matching funds from private sources.

             Adrian said that Mike Navarre will seek meetings with you to discuss AP's
             proposal. After we have all received the one pager, and you have heard from
             Arctic Power directly, I would suggest that we discuss this further. I will save
             my editorial comments until then.


             Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
             jwkatzna,alaskadc.org. Thank you.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000687
