Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2


            Unknown

             From :         John Bitney [john bitney@gov.state. ak.us]
             Sent:          Sunday, March 18, 2007 5:04 PM
             To:            'Sarah Palin ; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us'; Privileged or Persons Nizich;
                            Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV);'meghan_stapleton@gov. state.ak.us'
             Subject: RE: transition reports
            The article was very disappointing.., contains statements that are both patently false and very misleading.

                   1)      No information on this topic was withheld. The Murkowski Transition Report references the
                          issue, and only once sentence was redacted in the reports that were first released. We later fully
                          released the entire reports. The one sentence redacted stated that rivileged or Personal Mat
                        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

                                                                                       lotnerwise,   ereference an
                          description o the entire issue was pu blicly released .
                   2)     The Palin Transition Team saw the Murkowski Report on the issue , but simply choose to focus
                          their limited efforts on higher priority areas. If necessary, I'd recommend Privileged or Personal II
                         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



            My recommendation is for short and long term solutions:

            Short Term: Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
           Privileged or P0

             Long Term: Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          Privileged or Pero


            JB


            From : Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 1:27 PM
            To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; Kristina Y Perry; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; Privileged or Personal
            mike nizich @gov.state.ak.us; sharon_leighow@gov. state.ak.us; meghan_stapleton @gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: transition reports

            JB and Mike, et al:
            Still not quite sure what the issue is that the Juneau Empire covered today with the "Transition
            Reports Being Held From the Public"-gist article (Perm Fund Division issue from back in
            July?)... but the gist of the article is so disappointing because it's 180-degrees from where I want
            to be with information deserving to be seen by the public. (Sen. Dyson was mentioned in this
            article, so John - please let Dyson know I was not (and will not be) purposefully withholding any
            information. Please let me know when you've contacted Dyson on this issue for me so I don't
            duplicate the effort.)

            Meg - if there's something you can do to help un-do the records withholding issue that at least
            three reporters are sort of up-in-arms about, please do so.

            I campaigned on open and transparent government - I don't know why the issue covered in the



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0000695
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


             article today was ever NOT made public ... it's not a mistake that was made on our watch, so why try to
             hide it anyway?

             Please let me know where you guys are going with this to help correct the mistake that was made in not
             releasing this part of a transition report. Look forward to knowing what we're doing to un-do it, thanks!




             Bored stiff? Loosen up...
             Download and play hundreds of games for free on Yahoo! Games.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0000696
