Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 3


            Unknown

             From :   Joe Balash Doe_balash @gov.state . ak.us]
             Sent:    Monday, March 19, 2007 9:33 AM
             To:      'Sarah Palin '; Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:      Irwin ; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Hartig ; Lawrence L (DEC); Easton ; Dan (DEC);'Tails
                      Colberg'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
            Subject: FW: Pis deliver to Governor Palin this email delivered to Chairman Dingell
            Governor:

            The following email was sent to me yesterday by Mr. Chuck Hamel. After indicating that such a letter
            would arrive on Friday evening, the head of the PSIO (Jonne Slemons at the Division of Oil and Gas)
            went up to Prudhoe Bay on Saturday and Sunday. She took with her at least one inspector and is
            preparing a written report.

            The status of the fire suppression system appears to be the most pressing issue. It would appear the
            balance is related to past activities and reports that are most relevant to the ongoing investigations of
            BP's past practices.

            Mr. Hamel indicated that a reporter with the Associated Press, Jeanette Lee, will be conducting an
            interview with Kris Dye of theUSW on this issue sometime today. While I expect the press office will
            receive an in q uiry , it's robabl best to Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Reda




            Please let me know if you have any questions.

            Joe


            From : HamelChuck@cs.com f mailto: HamelChuck@cs.com)
            Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 2:55 PM
            To: joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: Pis deliver to Governor Palin this email delivered to Chairman Dingell

            The Honorable John Dingell, Chairman
            House Energy and Commerce Committee
            and Committee Members
            Via E-mail: ERIN.BZYMEK@MAIL.HOUSE.GOV
                   March 17, 2007

            SUBJECT: Continuing dangerous unaddressed corrosion deficiencies at Prudhoe Bay facilities

            Dear Chairman Dingell:

            Since my recent 2-01-07 and 2-24-07 letters to you regarding corrosion deficiencies at Prudhoe Bay, you
            should be aware of the dangerous operating conditions at the West Operating Area 's Gathering Center
            #2.
            BP London 's cost cutting measures dictated upon the GC-2 facilities has deferred for a long time the
            scheduled replacement of the facility's defective Fire Suppression System . The system is required to be
            turned off to become dangerously inoperative for up to 12 hours at a time and incapable of protecting
            ongoing "x-ray corrosion monitoring program " required in GC-2 . I need not explain this dangerous risk to
            the short handed GC-3 Operators, the integrity of the facility, the environment and continuing flow of
            crude oil from Prudhoe to the West Coast. You must recall Kuwait's Gathering Center explosion and
            disaster claiming nine lives and curtailing Kuwait's crude exports by two thirds . Kris Dye, President of




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000705
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 3


            Prudhoe USW Operators Union, and coincidentally an Operator within GC-2 is interviewing with an Associated
            Press reporter this week-end in order to publicly corroborate the problems I relate to you. The Operators may well
            finally gain the attention of BP London Headquarters.

            It is obvious that BP's US President and Chairman Robert Malone has no authority over Prudhoe operations and
            unable to address or even respond to the Operators' plight. These Operators cope with volatile conditions daily,
            sitting on over one billion cubic feet of gas under pressure at any one time. Total
            BP operations at Prudhoe, on behalf of EXXON and Conoco, was fine tuned from London instructions ever since
            EXXON and CONOCO signed their operations contract with BP. Steve Marshall, President of BP Alaska
            Exploration and Development has answered daily and solely to the Upstream Division of Exploration and
            Development at London Headquarters, as overseen by Group Vice President Tony Hayward. This division
            orchestrated the cost cutting "root cause" of the "corrupt corrosion" monitoring and failure of the Prudhoe crude
            transit lines that led to the Prudhoe "shut -down" debacle. There are a thousand miles of similarly corrosion
            damaged gathering lines from the oil producing wells as well as hundreds of miles of produced water/crude flow
            lines... as yet unaddressed and required to be dealt with.

           I am copying this letter to Governor Sarah Palin in view of her publicly aired concerns over Alaska's
           significant revenue losses from BP's corrosion monitoring malfeasance. Governor Palin has publicly expressed
           considering plans of some effective oversight of BP's future corrosion monitoring practices.
           I am similarly copying Bob Malone who sat beside Richard Woolam and testified under oath, at your
           09-07-07 House Energy and Commerce Committee Hearing, that he and BP would provide transparent
           responses and evidence concerning BP's past practices leading up to the disastrous shut-down.

           At this time I must advise you of a shocking new discovery - the deception of you, Chairman Miller and the public
           interest. As result and pressure of correspondence between then BP US WC President, Bob Malone, you,
           Chairman George Miller, and myself (on behalf of concerned BP WOA Prudhoe Operators), as covered by the
           Wall Street Journal, Mr. Malone orchestrated an Operational Revenue of the integrity of the facilities by way of
           interviews of the Operators. The "Operational Review Team" (ORT) Report was delivered to you shortly after 9-
           11-01. However, I was shocked to recently discover that BP and Mr. Malone concealed from Malone's vaunted
           ORT Report and you, critical portions of interviews of veteran Operators. A number of Operators individually
           warned that "flow lines" were so dangerously corroded that they predicted major spills. BP and Mr. Malone did not
           address the corrosion issue thereafter nor undertook any corrective measures. I submit that Mr. Malone's
           mandate did not permit his interfering with the BP London "Upstream Exploration and Development Division"
           control and direction of daily operations at Prudhoe. Over these many years, Chairman Dingell, it is evident that
           our Federal government and the Congress actually had zero oversight of this North Slope British enclave,
           answering to no BP entity South of the North Slope.


           Chairman John Dingell
           March 17, 2007
           Page Two

           Richard Woolam's bonus driven corrupt corrosion division answered only to Field Manager Maureen Johnson,
           abruptly and conveniently transferred to London after your "abbreviated" 07-09-06 House Energy and Commerce
           BP Corrosion Hearing. Ms. Johnson answered only to Steve Marshall, BP President BP Alaska Exploration and
           Development, who answered only to London Upstream Expl. & Dev. - abruptly and conveniently transferred to
           London as well soon after your abbreviated Hearing. Mr. Woolam is reportedly on paid leave before presumably
           and conveniently returning home to Scotland. The.integrity of the Prudhoe Bay facilities is in such disrepair, that it
           is doubtful Congress or the Federal government can make a difference before the next predicted major incident
           again shuts-down the field... hopefully without injury to the workers.

           Please be advised that I have already alerted the EPA Criminal Investigations Division with the evidence and
           identified the computer program containing the Operators' interviews. I will be pleased to share
           this information with your investigators. The correspondence and WSJoumal coverage referred to above is
           posted on www.anwr.news.com. As your office is in transition at this time, I will forward,to your staff the ORT
           Report and post it additionally on www.bpconcerns.com website as soon as possible. I will not dwell on many of
           the deficiencies revealed in the ORT Report and yet reportedly unaddressed as promised by Mr. Malone.
           However, the unaddressed and uncorrected warnings of a "major spill", threatened by identified serious flow lines
           corrosion deficiencies was unconscionable and may well merit your attention.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 3 of 3


            Sincerely,
            Charles Hamel

            cc: The Honorable Sarah Palin, Governor, Alaska
            Robert Malone, BP US President and Chairman - robert . malone©bp.com




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000707
