Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


             Unknown
             From :     Hartig, Larry [larry_hartig@dec. state. ak. us]
             Sent:      Tuesday, March 20, 2007 1:06 PM
             To:       Sarah Palin; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us;
                        meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.us; john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us
             Cc:       Easton; Dan; Kent; Lynn; Hay; Linda
            Subject: RE: cruise ships
            Governor,

            DEC anticipates contracting for most of the Ocean Rangers services rather than having DEC employees
            perform these tasks. We are in the process of preparing a draft RFP.

            Although we cannot share the draft RFP with sponsors of the Cruise Ship initiative in advance of issuance
            (since at least one of the sponsors may be involved in making a proposal ), we plan to discuss the scope
            of the requested services with them to confirm we are meeting the intent of the initiative. The scope of
            work will include having Ocean Rangers on board large cruise ships while they are underway in Alaska
            waters.

            We expect to finalize the RFP and put it out within two to three weeks . DEC has previously had our
            contractor (Mike Conway , retired Coast Guard and former DEC director ) prepare a report (posted on
            DEC's website) that identifies the qualifications of the Ocean Rangers specified in the initiative, their
            availability, scheduling , and additional training they will need to fulfill their duties.

            We anticipate it will take the first cruise season to hire all of the Ocean Rangers , complete their training
            and have them on board all vessels. However, we plan to start the season (early May) with DEC and
            term contractor personnel on board some of the cruise ships . They will not be Ocean Rangers , but they
            will be developing the checklists , duty descriptions , procedures and other necessary elements of the
            Ocean Rangers ' tasks . This effort will be subject to necessary appropriations and the cooperation of the
            cruise ship companies . Please note that we currently do not have any appropriation for the Ocean
            Ranger program . The House Finance Committee zeroed out our FY 08 Ocean Ranger increment and
            may include intent language that monies for the program be included in the fiscal note for HB 164 , the bill
            that would modify the initiative.

            Our goal is to implement the legal requirements of the Ocean Ranger program to the very best of our
            ability. The initiative, as it is written , sets. out the legal requirements . If the initiative is modified by the
            legislature , then we will follow those legal requirements. DEC is not trying to change the law or interpret it
            in anyway inconsistent with the intent of the voters.

            I look forward to discussing this further with you tomorrow.
            Larry



           From: Sarah Palin (mailto:gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
           Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2007 11:06 AM
           To: mike tibbles@gov. state.ak.us; mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us; meghan_stapleton @gov.state.ak.us;
           john_bitney@gov.state. ak.us; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us ; Hartig, Larry
           Subject: cruise ships

           FYI - I have a call in to Larry Hartig to ask for update on cruise ship initiative that calls for
           Ocean Rangers... Where are we on getting out an RFP for the service that 's to be provided, or
           how are we going to implement the off-shore monitoring requirement.

           We're not to thwart the will of the people as they've voted for this program, though some



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0000738
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


            legislators are evidently already trying to change aspects of the initiative. I support the voters' mandate.

            We can talk about it tomorrow in cabinet meeting.




            Be a PS3 game guru.
            Get your game face on with the latest PS3 news and previews at Yahoo! Games.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0000739
