Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


            Unknown
             From :    Meghan Stapleton [meghan_stapleton c@gov. state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Tuesday, March 20, 2007 3:58 PM
             To:       'Sarah Palin'
             Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                       (GOV)
             Subject: Diversity and the Daily News
            Governor,

            The information below is an FYI for you, especially since you may be meeting with Dr.
            Patterson this Friday . Kris and I can brief you further, but I forwarded the information below
            to Julia O 'Malley this afternoon following a conversation that I had with her regarding
            diversity in your administration.

            Thanks,
            Meghan


            Meghan N . Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palln
            907.269.7450 0
            907.269.7463f
            907.321.4975 c


            From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto : meghan_stapleton@gov.state. ak.us]
            Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2007 3:21 PM
            To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: FW: Diversity

            Julia:

            Just to review what you and I spoke about regarding the diversity of this administration.
            This administration is incredibly diverse, and with only three months under our belt,
            promises to grow in diversity as we fill positions throughout the state.

            More specifically in the context of this story , Kris Perry , the Anchorage Office Director, and
            the Palin Administration quite frankly , have a great relationship with the NAACP and its
            president - and has had an open dialogue for some time now.

            With regard to the Alaska Black Leadership Conference , Kris Perry has spoken with Dr.
            Patterson in the past , and, in fact, just spoke with Dr . Patterson yesterday, who asked for
            an update on the letter he sent just last week , requesting a meeting with the Governor.
            Kris is working on the timing of that meeting . Kris told Dr . Patterson that she hoped to
            have a look at the Governor 's schedule by tomorrow . The Governor's schedule , as you can
            imagine , is incredibly booked for time, especially over the next month . Dr. Patterson would
            like to meet in Anchorage which makes it more difficult during the legislative session, as the
            Governor spends most of her time in Juneau.

            Dr. Patterson told Kris yesterday that he wants, and others on the Alaska Black Leadership
            Council, want the meeting to be a town hall meeting to celebrate Alaska 's first female
            Governor. As you pointed out, obviously the tone of the letter and conversations we've had
            far differ from the one conversation that you relayed to me.




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0000736
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


            In terms of diversity , this administration does not begin its hiring process by segregating
            applications according to ethnic / racial / gender backgrounds ; however, we do make a conscious
            effort, among qualified applicants , to ensure a diverse make - up, and that includes regional and
            issue balances as well . In fact, during early review of applications , we don 't even know who is
            applying . We don 't ask for pictures to be included and we 're not going to; we look at the content
            and qualifications of that resume and application . With that in mind, there is nothing that prohibits
            every single one of those qualified applicants to be a minority.

            Choosing between two:
            As we discussed , if you look at two candidates with the exact same qualifications and one can offer
            a different perspective to the position because of their gender , racial , ethnic, regional and / or
            issues background , we would most likely favor the individual who can provide a different
            perspective because of that diversity.

            And again, with that in mind, we have reached out to members of the African -American community
            for assistance in hiring - whether for administration positions or Boards and Commissions . In fact,
            as one example , last week we called the Reverend Doctor William Greene to ask for his assistance
            in providing input for the Governor's potential 1100 appointees to various Boards and
            Commissions . Three months into office , she has appointed 44 individuals - and there are plenty of
            opportunities.

            Looking at her immediate cabinet members , four of the fourteen are minorities . A fifth was an
            Acting Director of DNR, there may be others , but we haven 't polled them to see . The Governor
            just chose the most qualified applicants and they are what they are. I will poll for you - and see
            what kind of responses I receive.

            Additionally , in the Governor's Immediate office , you can add others like Karen Rehfeld as OMB
            Director, four female Regional Directors from Fairbanks to Wasilla , Anchorage , and Kenai , Sharon
            Leighow as Deputy Communications Director / Deputy Press Secretary , and Meghan Stapleton (me)
            as the Communications Director / Press Secretary . I could go on...

            I'm researching your other questions , Including the titles and job descriptions of the two positions
            eliminated as well as total positions eliminated.

            Thanks for your time,
            Meg


            Meghan N . Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 o
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0000737
