Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
             Sent:    Tuesday , March 20 , 2007 5:22 AM
             To:      Marty Rutherford ; Pat Galvin; Tom Irwin
             Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin ; Joseph Balash ; Meghan Stapleton ; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich
             Subject: Natural Gas OPEC?

             This substantiates the argument the Governor has been making about
             starting down the road to heavy reliance on natural gas imports. Just as for
             oil, one can only imagine the price and supply implications associated with an
             OPEC for natural gas.


             Russia, Iran, Qatar to Discuss Gas OPEC, Attiyah Says (Updatel)

             By Glen Carey

             March 19 (Bloomberg) -- Russia, Iran and Qatar, holders of the world's top-
             three natural-gas reserves, will meet next month to consider establishing a
             group similar to OPEC to coordinate gas policy, Qatar's energy minister said.

              We will meet at the gas forum on April 9 in Doha," the minister, Abdullah
             bin Hamad al-Attiyah, said today in a phone interview from Doha. He said he
             would wait for the results of the Doha meeting before deciding whether it
             would be in Qatar's interest to coordinate its gas policy with a group of
             countries.

            The three countries will be joined by Algeria and Venezuela at the Doha
            meeting, Al-Attiyah said.

            The Moscow-based newspaper Kommersant reported today that five of the
            world's biggest gas suppliers may create a gas equivalent to the Organization
            of Petroleum Exporting Countries next month, citing unidentified Arab
            diplomats. Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, is the driving force
            behind the "gas OPEC" and wants the new group to set gas transactions in
            euros, the newspaper reported.

            Russian President Vladimir Putin said last month the idea of a gas OPEC was
            "a good proposition." Russia holds the largest gas reserves in the world.

            Al-Attiyah said on Feb. 5 Qatar opposed Russian and Iranian proposals for an
            OPEC-style group to manage gas pricing and supplies , saying gas was
            contractually different from crude oil.

            Qatar, the world's largest shipper of natural gas, plans to produce 77 million
            tons a year by 2012 through 14 production trains. Six will produce 7.8 million
            tons a year each, making them twice the size of an average unit elsewhere.

            To contact the reporter on this story: Glen Carey in Dubai


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0000741
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


             gcarey8 bloomber .net

             Last Updated: March 19, 2007 06:45 EDT


             Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
             jwka    alaskadc.org. Thank you.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0000742
