Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From:      Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state. ak.us]
              Sent:      Thursday, March 22, 2007 9:02 AM
             To:         Sarah Palin
              Subject: FW: SHARE Campaign

           Governor Palin,

           Here's what I found out about the SHARE Campaign.

           SHARE is run by state employees . The campaign management organization is United Way of Alaska (acting as a
           treasurer, auditing and distributing contributions to the state 's selected charities ). You appoint a member of your
           cabinet to chair the steering committee and the commissioner then selects a designee to act as the campaign
           coordinator.

           Last year the designated cabinet member was Bill Noll and he selected Sally Saddler to be the campaign
           coordinator. This year, if you chose to designate Commissioner Notti, he would presumably appoint Sally (or
           Joey) to coordinate.

           Planning will take place this Spring as soon as a chair is in place . The campaign takes place in September.

           Hope all is well down at your end of the hall,

           Ivy


          From: Dorie Choquette (mailto:dorie choquette@revenue.state.ak.us)
          Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2007 8:43 AM
          To: ivy_frye@gov. state.ak.us
          Subject: SHARE Campaign

           Hi Ivy,

           I had the 2005 website saved and thought that it might help. I'll try to get the link for last years too.

           Basically the first step is for the Governor to appoint a member of her cabinet to be the campaign chair. That
           Commissioner in turn appoints a campaign coordinator to actually run the campaign.

           I'll give you a call too.

          Done




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0000759
