Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



            Unknown
             From :   Kari Spencer [kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:    Thursday, March 22, 2007 3:41 PM
             To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: Alert for Monday, March 26

           Governor, I want to alert you that the Alaska Municipal League will meet with Bitney and Tibbles on Monday (the
           holiday) from 2:00-3: 30pm in our conference room . We previously told them you would be out of town. I just
           wanted you to know there would be a full house here during that timeframe ........ Kari.




          8/31/2009
                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0000766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



              Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

               From :   Joe Balash [Joe _Balash @gov.state. ak.us)
               Sent:    Thursday, March 22, 2007 8:48 AM
               To:      'govpalin@ gov.state .ak.us'; 'Sarah Palin'
               Cc:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Spencer, Kari L (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); 'Martha Fischbach'
               Subject : I know it's late...

             ... but here's the Sempra briefing memo




            6/9/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP0I_0000767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               MEMORANDUM                                                            STATE OF ALASKA
                                                                                    Office of the Governor


                      TO: Governor Sarah Palin                              DATE: 3/22/07
                    FROM: Joe Balash                                   TELEPHONE: 907-465-4022

                 SUBJECT: Briefing paper regarding Sempra meeting 3/22/07

               Based in San Diego, Sempra Energy is a Fortune 500 energy services company with 2006
               revenues of nearly $12 billion. Sempra Energy serves the largest customer base of any
               energy utility in the United States. With 14,000 employees worldwide, the Sempra
               Energy companies develop energy infrastructure, operate utilities, and provide related
               products and services to more than 29 million consumers in the United States, Europe,
               Canada, Mexico, South America and Asia.

               Sempra LNG is one of the companies held by Sempra Energy and leads efforts to
               develop, build and operate liquefied natural gas receipt terminals. At this time, Sempra
               LNG is developing three terminals to serve North American markets: Cameron LNG in
               Louisiana, Port Arthur LNG in Texas, and Energia Costa Azul in Mexico.

               In early 2005, Sempra Energy entered into a development arrangement with the Alaska
               Gasline Port Authority whereby Sempra provided a significant infusion of cash to
               AGPA. The value of that agreement was estimated to be in the high hundreds of
               thousands of dollars, but short of one million. AGPA spent heavily on advertising and
               lobbying, but it is unclear to me how much was spent on development activities
               (planning, economists, attorneys, etc.). Sempra was seeking a supply for its Mexico
               LNG receiving terminal and expressed profound interest in Alaska gas. Following the
               Murkowski brush-off later that summer, Sempra allowed its arrangement with AGPA
               to lapse and soon thereafter announced a supply arrangement with BP.

              Today's meeting will include the president and chief operating officer of Sempra
              Energy, Neal Schmale. He is responsible for implementing the company's growth
              strategy for overall management of the Sempra Energy companies. He has been a
              member of the board of directors since 2005 and previously served as executive vice
              president and chief financial officer. Before his career at Sempra, he spent 29 years at
              UNOCAL, serving in a range of jobs that culminated in the position of chief financial
              officer.

              Also attending will be the president and chief executive officer of Sempra LNG, Darcel
              Hulse. Mr. Hulse also spent his career at UNOCAL prior to joining Sempra. He served
              in a variety of positions, including engineering, construction, and business
              development.




                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0000768
