Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov. state. ak. us]
        Sent:                     Friday, March 23, 2007 6:05 PM
        To:                       'Sarah Palin'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV)
        Cc:                       Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
        Subject:                  FW: Governor Interview




        I forward this only as an FYI, as you can imagine, since Bob may bring this

        up at a future press conference.




        Meghan N. Stapleton

        Communications Director

        Office of Governor Sarah Palin

        907.269.7450 o

        907.269.7463 f

        907.321.4975 c



        -----Original Message-----

        From : junobob@att.net [mailto : j unobob@att . net]

       Sent: Friday, March 23, 2007 5:58 PM

       To: Meghan N Stapleton

       Cc: sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us

       Subject: Re: Governor Interview



       Meghan,




          We seem to be having a very hard time communicating and you seem to be

       getting very distorted explanations of my comments and concerns.



         As you are aware I've been asking since November for an interview with the

       governor to learn the fisheries policies she intends to pursue this term. I

       also know that Wesley Loy at the Daily News also asked for an interview last


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0000777
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         November and I ' m pretty sure Intrafish did not ask for one that long ago.

             Hence , it was surprising to see that the governor gives what Intrafish

         seemed to suggest was an indepth interview to an out - of-state publication,

         not to mention one owned by multi - national salmon farm corporations.

           Not much of an endorsement for an Alaska - first policy.



           Next , you seem to have the idea that an interview is an interview is an

         interview and since I had one interview with her on the subject of the

         governor ' s positions on environmental issues that suffices and somehow

         responds to the policy interview request.

             I was doing a proper journalist ' s job, trying to get all sides of a

         story, when I sought her comments on why her positions on environmental

         issues has been ,    and remains ,    absolutely identical to her predecessor. My

         expectation is the administration would have complained if I had published

         my report without seeking a comment on that issue .            ( And the governor ' s claim

         that the factual record of her identical positions on specific issues with

         the Murkowski administration is "nonsensical " didn't do much for her

         credibility either.)

             The governor is very reclusive when it comes to media contacts .               She pops

         out to deliver sound bites and appears for brief " news conferences " at bill

         signings and isn't at all responsive to questions at those. The legislative

         session is past the halfway point and she has not had a single general news

         conference with a reasonable amount of time for reporters to ask her about

         pending bills and issues .       This is a fascinating contrast to the legislature

         where all four political caucuses have found weekly news conferences very

         useful.



             To be blunt ,   the Palin administration ' s press office is the worst I have

         known in 17 + sessions and now 5 governors I have covered in Juneau. Your

         responsiveness is very slow and always truncated . The inefficiency makes

         both of our jobs more difficult.

             In my career here and in other states I have never known a press

         secretary who makes herself so unavailable to the press . I cannot recall the

         last time I tried your mobile phone number and you actually answered or even
                                                               2 .




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000778
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        when the mailbox was not full . Likewise , you have demonstrated a policy of

        refusing to take calls to your office in Anchorage.

            Clearly this administration ' s so-called ' transparency ' policy does not

        extend to media relations.

           At the same time , while it is so difficult for reporters to talk to

        administration spokespersons you always seem to get your 'canned ' news out.

            The fact that you have not replaced Charles Fedullo after close to a

        month also seems to indicate responsiveness to the press is a low priority.

        And in that regard whatever Sharon Leighow is getting paid is not enough

        because she seems to be doing her utmost to do a proper press secretary's

        job.



            Lastly, I don ' t care in the least where you live or spend your time and I

        have never been told that flying on a plane would endanger you or your

        coming child .    I have been told only that you want to be near your physician

        in Anchorage .    i don ' t have the vaguest idea when you are due , but if you

        want to keep bad-mouthing me like that we're going to have some real

        problems.



            You could be much more responsive from anywhere in the state if that was

        your desire and it is a waste of time and public funds to keep flying Sharon

        down here for a few days when the governor needs a handler in Juneau.

            All of these things very clearly raise the question of how much time you

        spend on the job and I am still waiting for the record of your time at work,

        now a week later than I was told I would get it. If you want a freedom of

        information request for it they ' re quite easy to produce.

            If your pregnancy requires you to be away from your job for substantial

        periods of time it would seem to me that an honest administration would

        acknowledge that fact and take a leave of absence rather than having a press

        secretary who does a half-assed job while probably overstressing yourself

        and your baby to boot.

            The bottom line is that I would like to see a press office that can

        provide answers the same day or at least within a reasonable amount of time.

                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0000779
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        I don't believe that is an unreasonable expectation.

              I would be happy to discuss these comments with you at any time and still

        retain the hope that the Palin administration will begin showing some

        respect for the important work the press corps does.



        Sincerely,

        Bob



        Bob Tkacz

        Correspondent,

        Fishermen ' s News Magazine

        Writer & Publisher,

        Laws for the SEA

        Office PH: 907-463-5455

        Mobile: 01-907-723-4314

       Email: junobob@att.net

        416 Harris St., Suite 203

       Juneau, AK 99801




       -------------- Original message ----------------------

       From: Meghan N Stapleton cmeghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>



       > Bob,



       > I heard that you were upset because we provided an interview to

       > IntraFish. This is my fault and I am very sorry.



       > I specifically waited until after your Sunday interview with the

       > Governor in February and left plenty of time between the two

       > interviews because Sharon and I purposefully wanted to give you first

       > access to the Governor.




       > Since you asked the Commissioner and the Governor for interviews and
                                                        4




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000780
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        > spent a half hour with each, it was my understanding that your initial

        > request had been satisfied. I am sorry to hear that was not the

        > case .    IntraFish got 15 minutes combined, with the Governor and the

        > Commissioner, after they waited as well.



        > I recognize that we have arranged the "real" interview now to happen

        > for you. Thanks for your understanding. And, again, my apologies as

        > it was always our intention to give you first "dibs" and I thought

        > that we had.



        > Thanks,

        > Meg




                                                        5




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0000781
