Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
        Sent:                     Friday, March 23, 2007 12:02 PM
        To:                       Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
        Cc:                       Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Talis J Colberg; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA);
                                  Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); bruceanders888@hotmail.com;
                                  Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Patrick S Galvin; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Clark; Christopher G
                                  (GOV)
        Subject:                  RE: An email I got from Dan Fagan


        This is the same guy who called these same legisators idiots for not backing murkowski's
        deal.



        I sat across the table from conoco, again, not more than 24hrs ago. Does fagan know how
        often we've worked w/producers and competitive independents in the whole 3 mos we've been
        in office?



        He still won 't admit to who feeds him the bull he eats about us refusing to work w/
        producers . He, sitting in such a seat of judgment , would actully have some credibility if
        his claims could be backed up w/legitimate sources . How refreshing if he could be open and
        transparent about his true motivation here.



        One too many lunches w/his peeps?



        Feel free to share w/Rep. Kertulla, et al.



        Sarah Palin



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Meghan Stapleton"<meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>

       To: "'Sarah Palin'"<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; "'Kris Perry'"<kris perry@gov.state.ak.us>

        Sent :   3/23/07 7:36 AM.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0000773
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        From: Patrick Galvin [mailto:patrick galvin@revenue.state.ak.us]

       Sent: Friday, March 23, 2007 7:37 AM

       To: Sharon Leighow; Meghan Stapleton; joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us;

       john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us




       Sent: Friday, March 23, 2007 7:06 AM

       To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us;

       tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us; marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us




       Do. you suppose TRex put him up to this??? Ugh.




       From: dan fagan [mailto:dan@kfgd.com]

       Sent :   Fri 3/23/2007 5:25 AM

       Subject:



       Legislators, where is your courage? Many of you know Governor Sarah Palin's

       anti free market Alaska gas line inducement act or A.G.I.A significantly

       delays the project and is almost certainly a road to litigation. .



                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSPOI_0000774
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        The governor says she believes in competition, but refuses to recognize the

        three major producers ,      Exxon, Bp, and Conoco Philips have already legally,

        fairly , and legitimately competed for the rights to get our gas to market.

        They paid millions for the rights and frankly it's worked out well for the

        state . As a result of the leases the industry has spent more than 50-billion

        dollars in infrastructure in Alaska and they ' ve pumped more than 70-billion

        dollars into our state coffers. 70 -billion. Our partnership with the

        industry has also made us the richest state in the nation and given us a

        thriving economy . And now that prices and lower forty demand make it

        economically viable to start moving our gas to market, our governor refuses

        to sit across the table with the gas lease holders and negotiate . Amazing!

        Legislators , you know this is wrong and yet you lack the courage to say so.



        The dog and pony show allowing a couple of the governor ' s bureaucrats to

        pick a pipeline company to build the largest construction project in North

        American history and then demand the producers foot the bill for it is

        absurd . A.G.I.A . is a classic case of putting the cart before the horse. All

        under the guise of being tough on big oil. Legislators you know this. Why

        remain silent ? I know the governor is wildly popular .         I know going against

        her will cost you with the public . But what about the future of the state?



        Legislators ,   you know without the three producers there is no deal. No

        Pipeline . The big three must agree to ship the gas they have lease rights to

        down the pipeline . They are taking the majority of the risk . Legislators you

        know this . You know you know this.



        Time continues to go by,       the price of steal rises, planners who project ten

       years ahead in the lower forty- eight are forced to look at other options

        than Alaska for their future gas needs. All this while the oil flowing

        through the Alyeska pipeline diminishes at a significant rate . Lawmakers

       what will you do then? When the money runs out.



       More than a year has passed since anyone from the state sat across the table

       from the producers in serious negotiations . February 20th 2006 . That's the
                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0000775
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        day former Governor Frank Murkowski got producers to agree to a contract for

        fiscal terms . Rejecting Governor Murkowski ' s deal with the producers may

        have had merit . But completely cutting off negotiations with the lease

        holders ,   is that really were we should be right now ? Think about it. Maybe

        negotiations will reveal the big three unreasonable and we'll have to sue

        and take the leases back . But let's find out now , not years from now.



        Despite the belief of some, our governor is capable of taking a stand.

        Remember her fully backing, supporting ,   and endorsing the Port Authority's

        plan, with no gas , no way of getting gas, no way to ship the gas and no one

        to buy the gas. Our governor has apparently backed off her enthusiastic

        support of the Port Authority ' s go no where scheme . Legislators it is your

        job to push her into dealing with the producers now. Not caving to them, but

        at the very least committing to sitting down with them and doing her best to

        get a deal . You must remind the governor the campaign is over , we know she's

        not Frank ,   now get down to the business of being a leader and negotiating a

        deal for a pipeline in.time to offset the decline in oil production I



        Refusing to negotiate defies all logic and common sense. It borders on the

        bizarre . Lawmakers you know this . Many of you have studied this issue and

        understand what it will take to get our gas to market . Stand up for the

        people who elected you . Stand up to a popular governor . History will

        vindicate you. Have some couragel



        Dan Fagan




                                                        4
