Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


           Unknown
            From:     John Bitney [john _bitney@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent:     Tuesday, March 27, 2007 12:23 PM
            To:      'Marty Rutherford'; meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us; mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; 'Joe Balash';
                     'Sarah Palin'; sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us; patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us;
                     tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us
            Cc:      'Christopher Clark'
            Subject: Senate Majority press comments on AGIA
           Below are fast & furious notes from the Senate Majority Press Conference. These notes are only
           regarding discussions on AGIA.
           Please note Huggins reference to "posturing" and also deferring to Senate Judiciary Committee the
           discussion on fiscal certainty.
           These notes are rough and are NOT for distribution... thanks
           JB

           Huggins: At best, Mid America will be on the telephone. I know they are in the House on Thursday... but
           the communication with Mid America has been "lacking for lack of a better term."

           Huggins: I want the conversations to occur between the producers and the administration in order to
           reach accord so we have a successful Open Season.

           ...the potential for an unsuccessful Open Season is a big concern for me and others in my caucus ... I'm
           not sure AGIA addresses it (Open Season) ... AGIA doesn't address Open Season ... the players are
           talking to one another and we encourage the administration to be a part of that.

           Steve Quinn: I keep hearing you talk about unsuccessful.

           Huggins: Some of this is posturing... yes. Again... encourage the administration to be part of the loop to
           work this out.

           McAllister: What about fiscal certainty?

           Huggins: This is an issue for the Judiciary Committee to review.

           French: I will be looking at this...and will ask whether it's necessary. I want to talk to economists,
           compare this with TAPS.
           We will ask... is it constitutional? We will look to the administration from their advisors on whom they
           consulted
           What if you're wrong about constitutionality ...what are the consequences? ( i.e., is this a deal breaker?)

           McAllister: the debate about constitutionality is something they don't seem to care about.

           French: I'm surprised at that stance... ask them [the producers]. I will do my best with the bill that's in
           front of me rather than look at the world through the producers eyes.

           I feel there is widespread public opposition (to decades-long fiscal certainty) ...

           Becca: Hearing rumors about repealing stranded gas contract... is the Murkowski contract still out there?

           French: I don't have thoughts... first I've heard about this.

           Recognize this could be the attack on unsuccessful applicants

          Christine: How do you feel about the producers' comments and how is this different than stranded gas
          act?

          Huggins: Many issues are the same... there is very little discussion that the public hasn't heard... it's an


           11/10/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0000799
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


           open process . The openness of the process is the main difference . The legislature is talking to pipeline
           companies ... that is something that is also different . This is the full spectrum of potential players

           Myrl Thompson : Will Resources bring back SS80 - [Wagoner's] corrosion bill?

           Huggins: There is skewed vision that bill is being killed-this is wrong. Wagoner and I met privately , and he will
           make modifications that haven 't been done yet. Waiting. As soon as he's ready ... we'll hear it.




           11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1 _0000800
