Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
             From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Tuesday, March 27, 2007 8:02 AM
             To:      John W Bitney; Michael A Tibbles; Michael A Nizich ; Meghan N Stapleton
             Cc:      Sharon W Leighow
             Subject: long. bonus
            Surely the legislators will give a fair comparison of the Long. Bonus with Hawkers' Sr. Program?
            I want to believe they'll be fair here.

            And I believe they'll find that Hawkers' plan will end up costing the state more than our
            reinstatement of funding the $29 million Long. Bonus until that program phases out.

            And it will be insulting to seniors who will now be part of a welfare arm of govt. And it will be a
            further broken promise if those legislators who vehemently disagreed with Murkowski on the cut
            do not now support our reinstatement.

            I disagree with Hawker that some statutory change is now necessary to plug the funding back
            into the Long. Bonus Program. Please correct me if I'm wrong. And even if it did take statutory
            change, that's what the Legislature is there for and what they're engaged in right now on a variety
            of issues.

            Please re-read Mark Fish's email that I forwarded to you as the reminder of my committment to
            funding the Bonus.

           Bottom line: after public discussion and legislative debate, it was concluded the program would
           be phased out. There's no need to argue whether it was fair or not - it was concluded the program
           would end, The broken promise was over WHEN it was supposed to end.

           What are you hearing about this via lawmakers, John?

           Thanks


           No need to miss a message. Get email on-the-go
           with Yahoo! Mail for Mobile. Get started.




           11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0000797
