Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, March 28, 2007 10:32 PM
        To:                       Meghan N Stapleton
        Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV)
        Subject:                  FW: Great Reuters article


        Can we use any of this to our advantage ...like encouraging daily nws or AP to pick it up?



        Sarah Palin



        -----Original Message-----

        Subject: Great Reuters article



        Alaska gov.'s pipeline bill seen passing--official

        Mon Mar 26, 2007 8:10 PM GMT



        HOUSTON, March 26 (Reuters) - Alaska's state legislature will approve a

        proposal from Governor Sarah Palin to allow competitive bidding for rights

        to build a long-envisioned Alaska North Slope natural gas pipeline, a top

        federal pipeline official predicted on Monday.



        "Governor Palin is going to get a bill," Drue Pearce, the federal

        coordinator for the Alaska pipeline project, told Pipeline Opportunities

       Conference in Houston.



       She added that Governor Palin, who is a Republican, would likely call a

        special session of the legislature if no bill has been approved by the end

       of the regular session on May 16.



       Legislation to kick-start the project has the support of the people of

       Alaska, state legislators, some federal agencies and the White House, Pearce

       said.




       The pipeline, a mega-project proposed long ago by Alaska officials, would

                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0000806
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        provide a method of delivering the North Slope ' s proven reserves of about 35

        trillion cubic feet of natural gas.



        The cost of the project ,      calculated in 2001, was $ 20 billion.



        Plans for the 3,500 mile gas pipeline date back to the early 1970s, before

        the existing trans-Alaska oil pipeline was built , but the gas project has

        been stymied for decades by high costs and poor economics.



        Palin's plan ,   which was introduced in March, replaces a failed contract that

        former Gov .   Frank Murkowski proposed with BP Plc < BP.L>, ConocoPhillips

        <COP.N > and Exxon Mobil Corp .        < XOM.N> . Some thought the contract was too

        much of a giveaway to the oil giants and it was rejected by lawmakers and

        the public.




                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0000807
