Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Unknown
       From :                    Meghan Stapleton [meghanstapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
       Sent:                     Friday, March 30 , 2007 7:09_PM
       To:                       'Sarah Palin'
       Cc:                       'Michael A Tibbles; 'Joe Balash '; 'Sharon Leighow'; meghan stapleton @gov.state.ak.us; 'Kris
                                 Pery; 'Tom Irwin'
       Subject :                 NOME NUGGET HEADS-UP!

       Importance:               High


       Governor,



       Tomorrow you have an interview with the Nome Nugget and KNOM, as we

       discussed yesterday.



       Diana (pronounced Dee-anna) Haecker with the Nugget wants to really focus on

       one topic for the interview - the Rock Creek mine . A briefing paper on Rock

       Creek is attached.



       Essentially, Diana says that the state didn't listen to the residents and

       they have many worries. She'd like to have trust and faith in the state and

       be able to communicate that trust and faith to Nome's area residents that

       this Governor will listen and ensure that her departments will listen to

       concerns. She is a traditional village journalist in that of course there is

       a passion and a side to every story that swing toward the villagers.



       I believe that while the details of the mine may be asked, your responses

       simply need to convey your passion for listening to the state's people and

      making the best decisions that you can based on the best interests of the

       state and its people. You campaigned on openness and transparency and want

       the people of Alaska to participate in the process so that their voices are

      heard. This is the first step and you'd like to listen and will listen

      during your term in office.



      Dan Saddler prepared the briefing paper along with others listed at the

      bottom. They are each available to talk to you about the topic. You may also

      want to talk to Commissioner Irwin to just get his views - he is unaware of
                                                   1



                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0000828
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        the focus of this interview at this point in time. (I am cc:ing him so that

       he is aware.)



       In terms of whether the state listened, Dan Saddler says that the           Privileged or P^
      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                    corps didn't have to do
                                                              ^

       EIS - did an abbreviated version so not as much public stuff was required.

        (Keep in mind, Diana says that the last time they saw a Governor in Nome,

       Murkowski yelled at a resident and said that if "you don't like my

       decisions, run for office!" Diana has a picture of Murkowski yelling at the

       resident - the wounds are still raw.)



       With this mining company, I'm told there are     Privileged or Personal Material Reda
      Privileged or Perk . However, Joe Balash says that the CEO and President of Nova is

       Rick Van Neuwenhuyse--a graduate of West High in Anchorage. He is an

       Alaskan, even though he lives in Vancouver now. The manager at the mine was

       trained by Commissioner Tom Irwin at Ft. Knox in Fairbanks.



       Additionally, Joe wanted to point out that the mine will employ roughly 135

       people. The best antidote to alcohol/drug abuse (which leads to

       neglect/abuse of children) is a good job. Perhaps you'd like to say

       something along the lines of "the best social welfare program is a good

       job."    Jobs at the mine are well-paying and Nova has invested time and

       resources in local training to make sure they have a local workforce. These

       people are going to be able to work a full shift and go home to their own

       beds and families.



       The concerns for the villagers revolves around - what if... what if the

       salmon are impacted.. what if the dust is constant. We need to show that

       we'll be there to listen.



       The interview is at 3:30pm - as your schedule shows.



       I will provide a final briefing book for you at the airport tomorrow.

                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0000829
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Thanks,

       Meg




                                                      3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0000830
