Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state . ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, April 03, 2007 2:30 PM
         To:                       naomi@kpunet.net
         Subject:                  RE: Education


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, April 03, 2007 12:53 AM

         To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: Education



         Web mail from: Ms. Naomi Michalsen

         address: 87 Chacon Street Ketchikan AK 99901



         MESSAGE:

         Hello Governor Palin,



         My name is Naomi Michalsen, and I live in Ketchikan. I am a mother of 5 (2 in

         college, 2 in high school and a 3rd grader) and I have worked at Women in Safe

         Homes (our local domestic violence shelter) for the last 3 years and have served as

         the High School girl's volleyball coach for the past 9 years. Growing up in Alaska, I

         have been fortunate to live and travel throughout our state and have family in

         every region. My maiden name is Baumgartner-I have family in McGrath,

         Dillingham, Barrow, Fairbanks, Anchorage and southeast. I enjoy learning other

         cultures and I am still learning about my own, Tlingit, Filipino, Japanese, and Swiss.

         Over the years with my own life challenges I have come to realize that our greatest

         resource is our people. I have great respect for you and the hard job that is before

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000874
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         you in making the best decisions for our Alaskan families.



         I happened to be in Anchorage for work in January and escorted a dear friend, Bill

         Thomas, a Tlingit elder, to Anchorage .           He told me about the Welcoming Ceremony

         at the Alaska Native Heritage Center. So ,           I attended .   It was an honor to meet you

         and to watch you graciously speak and greet the Alaska Native representatives who

         traveled to meet you .       I was very impressed with your family and was glad to see

         your extended family as well. I liked the comment about a future Alaskan

         Governor named " Piper ".     This is when I first had my idea , but it may have been

         more wishful thinking than anything. I never acted on my idea but instead told my

         husband about it when I arrived back home .           It was more of a what if ... Then life

         went on and things and my family became busy again .            The idea rested.



         Today I received a copy of the proclamation for April - Sexual Assault Awareness

         month in the mail from the State of Alaska and I just happened to be the one who

         was accepting a similar proclamation here in Ketchikan tonight at a Borough

         meeting .      I knew and am friends with most everyone in the meeting but as soon as

         the proclamation was read ,       it became very silent and uncomfortable , which we

         know is one of the hurdles we have in order to create awareness around this social

         issue .     Fortunately before leaving , Mayor ,     Joe Williams , mentioned that he saw you

         recently and that you were very motivated in helping with this alarming problem of

         sexual violence in our state .        He was the first mayor to make a public comment

         after the reading of the proclamation since I have been involved in this field. His

        words did help with the uncomfortableness . And I believe it was more effective

         than if a woman Borough member would have said the same thing .                In my past

        experience ,. sexual violence has been very difficult to talk about ,              especially in

         settings where males may be the majority           ( chamber meetings ,   law enforcement,

         school administrations ,      sporting events ,   firefighters / EMS, and government and

        tribes).



        Then my idea came back to me . This is where we could start !               It may sound

        unusual, but here are my thoughts:

        Not being very up on politics I have noticed over the years that the spouse of our

        governor's ( always a woman until now - yeah! ) have taken up charitable campaigns
                                                               2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0000875
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        to help our communities. For example, Nancy Murkowski worked to create

        awareness about breast cancer and raised money for medical equipment to

        hospitals.



        So my idea was to see what you and your husband thought about getting involved

        or having him lead an Alaskan White Ribbon Campaign (boys and men helping to

        end violence against women) or something similar. In my travels throughout

        southern southeast villages and in our Ketchikan schools, it is most always women

        who visit the students to talk about sexual assault and domestic violence. Most

        boys in school aren't fortunate enough to have a male guest speaker talking about

        domestic violence and sexual assault.       Unfortunately, many of our Alaskans view

        this as a woman's issue instead of a community one. There is such a big

        difference when I present at a school and have a male as a co-presenter-it gives it

        much more balance and can help our youth see that they do have an important

        role as leaders of social change, especially our young men. I can only think of one

        young man from Juneau who currently works in this area- I know there are more-

        but still too few.



        I too am saddened and shocked at the numbers of victims of sexual abuse in our

        state and I sometimes find it overwhelming in this type of work. I know that if a

        male were to accompany me this evening at the Borough meeting, the whole room

        would have had a different feel. It would have made it a little more comfortable for

        people to listen. It would have shown that men are vital in the elimination of

        violence against women in our state. I believe that most men do want to help but

        they just don't know how to get involved and we as women don't know how to get

        them involved.



        My current job title is Education Specialist and I spend much of my time with youth

        in junior high/high schools, juvenile centers, alternative high schools, and tribal

        youth groups conducting in-class exercises that promote healthy relationships and

        gender equality.

        The outreach area that WISH serves is Metlakatla, Prince of Wales, Wrangell,

        Petersburg and Ketchikan/ Saxman .     I wouldn't say that I am the best public

                                                           3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0000876
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        presenter but I stay involved because I think what I do is important. I am just

        learning a little about the White Ribbon Campaign and do not know the details, but

        I do know that we need more men involved.



        I do not know you or your husband personally, but have kept up a little in the news

        and have been very encouraged with your energy and enthusiasm and support for

        each other.      It is especially nice to see you both with your children in the media.




        Just think:     Alaska's First Man, helping to end violence against women

          Rugged Outdoorsman

          Hunter

          Ironman Champion

          Fisherman

        But most importantly: Alaska's First Man, helping to end violence against women

           Positive Role Model

           Father/Family Oriented

          Strong Faith and Respect

          Gentleness



        Wow, I really rattled on. Thank you so much for your time. I look forward to your

        feedback and I hope to get a chance to talk further and brainstorm ideas if you are

        interested.       Feel free to reach me at work 225-9474 or on my cell phone 617

        -1852.

        Good luck in your endeavors.



        Take care and Gunalcheesh,

        Naomi Michalsen




        naomi@kpunet.net

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                          4




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000877
