Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov. state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, April 04, 2007 3:33 PM
        To:                       bucs@alaska.net
        Subject:                  RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2007 2:36 PM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Mr. Anchorage Bucs Baseball Club

        address: 1317 W. Northern Lights Anchorage AK 99503



        MESSAGE:

        The Anchorage Bucs Baseball Club, a member of the Alaska Baseball League, would like to
        honor Governor

        Palin with a "Governor's Night" at Mulcahy Stadium this summer. We would like to honor
        Gov. Palin by

       having her throw out the ceremonial first pitch at a game one night that she is in
       Anchorage.  I assume

        she is constantly traveling, so this wouldn't be a huge commitment. She doesn't even have
        to stay for

        the whole game.



        The contact with the Bucs is Zak Basch, 907-561-2827. Thank you for your consideration.



       Respectfully,




                                                                1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0000885
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Zak Basch , Assistant General Manager

        Anchorage Bucs Baseball Club

        A Non - Profit ,   501(c)3 Organization



        bucs@alaska.net




                                                          2
