Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From :   Sean R Parnell [sr_parnell@gov. state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Tuesday, April 03, 2007 10:40 AM
             To:      Sarah Palin
             Subject: Barrow

           I had a good trip to Barrow notwithstanding the absence of Tom and Joe.

              1. On your behalf, I congratulated the Lady Whalers and Anaktuvuk Pass championship
                 teams at a town hall where about 80 -100 gathered . We all had lunch together. It was
                  refreshing to witness Mayor Itta ask "Molly," a respected elder , to give thanks for the food
                  and the entire crowd automatically stood as she approached the front to do so. The
                  respect for elders in that culture is beautiful!
             2. Met with ASRC executives (Bobbie, Oliver Leavitt, Richard Glen). They clearly respect
                 Tom Irwin. Bobbie, the new CEO, especially, wants to develop a rapport and trust with
                 you. They have a number of interests to talk about but with respect to the gas line they
                 identified themselves with the "explorers" who want to ensure access to the gas line for
                 other gas they own that might come later.
             3. Met several times with Mayor Itta and his staff . Mayor Itta is focused on building healthy
                 communities from the grassroots up... inspiring them to confront the addictions of drug
                 and alcohol abuse head on and trying to return the villages to their traditional values. We
                 also had a gas line discussion with the mayor and his staff-as a side note, Randy
                 Hoffbeck, the new CFO for the Borough was formerly with Dept. of Revenue and Tom
                 will know him.
             4. The whales are expected within the next two to three weeks off Barrow and the Mayor
                 and ASRC both asked for the AGIA briefing by Tom in the next two weeks. (The town
                 empties out for the hunt .) I communicated this to Mike T. yesterday so you may have
                 heard . From a political standpoint , they would love to see you but it is not necessary for
                 you to be there in the next two weeks . Instead , you might consider having your staff find
                 out when the new climate change research facility will be dedicated -it's a wonderful
                 new building thanks to Sen. Stevens , I believe, and I was told the congressional
                 delegation is planning to show up to its dedication . Also, somewhere in mid to late June
                 you will likely be invited to the community celebration and feed following the whale hunt.

          All the best,

           Sean




          8/31/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0000879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



              Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

               From :   Joe Balash [Joe _Balash@gov.state .ak.us]
               Sent:    Tuesday, April 03, 2007 4:51 PM
              To:       Spencer; Kari L (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); 'govpalin@gov.state.ak.us'
              Cc:       'martha_fischbach@gov.state.ak.us'
              Subject: Briefing Memo for Wednesday




            6/9/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0000880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               MEMORANDUM                                                               STATE OF ALASKA
                                                                                       Office of the Governor


                       TO: Governor Sarah Palin                                DATE: 4/3/07
                     FROM: Joe Balash                                     TELEPHONE: 907-465-4022

                 SUBJECT: Briefing paper regarding Alaska Forestry Association meeting 4/4/07

               Attending
               Kirk Dahlstrom, Viking Lumber President of AFA
               Owen Graham, Executive Director

               The Alaska Forest Association is one of the oldest in the State of Alaska (it dates back to
               1956) and provides members the opportunity to participate in programs such as
               Tongass Timber Trust (group health), Alaska Loggers Retirement (pension plan) and a
               public information program which promotes the facts concerning the forest products
               industry.

               Tongass Land Management Plan
               The Forest Service is scheduled to amend its forest management plan later this fall. The
               public comment period deadline is April 30. We have assembled a multi-agency team
               that is compiling a single set of State comments. Two weeks ago, that team met with
               AFA and the Southeast Conference to review their goals and objectives for the plan.
               AFA is advocating the most aggressive alternative (number 7) described in the US
               Forest Service's Draft EIS.
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


              Privileged or Personal M The biggest threat to the in ustry is a Tongassan that gets
               thrown out o court. For the past few years, the State has been able to provide a bridge
               supply of timber to keep the existing mills running on life-support. We need to get a
               Tongass Plan approved and in place so there can be a steady supply of timber available.

               Tongass Futures Roundtable
               The Tongass Futures Roundtable is a unique organization that has brought together
               stakeholders from across the spectrum to determine whether or not a consensus can be
               found on management of the Tongass. It includes the private sector, government
               agencies, policy advocates (pro and con), as well as some of the financiers that back the
               anti-logging groups. The group has made tremendous progress - but is unlikely to
               have reached a complete consensus before the TLMP is finalized later this year.

               cc:     Mike Tibbles, Chief of Staff




                                                                                                           PRA GSP0I_0000881
