Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown
                 From :     Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state.ak.us]
                 Sent:      Thursday, April 05, 2007 9:16 AM
                 To:        Sarah Palin; Christopher Clark; John Bitney; Todd Palin
                 Subject: FW: Rep. Doogan's E-News : Special Midweek edition!

            There's a link to Mike Doogan ' s AGIA song.

            IV



            From: Rep. Mike Doogan [mailto:Representative Mike_Doogan@legis.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2007 4:28 PM
            Subject: Rep. Doogan's E-News: Special Midweek edition!

                                                                                                       CONTACT ME
                                Rep.          Rep. Mike Doogan in Juneau                                 Ph: (907) 465-4998
                                Mike                                                                      Or (800) 689-4998
                                Dooga                                                                   Fax: (907) 465-4419
                                                                                                             AK State Capitol
                                                                                                                  Room #112
                                                                                                          Juneau, AK 99801
                                                                                                     doog {f{ kdemocrats.ore
                                                                                                          April 4, 2007




                                            Special Midweek edition!
                          We're on Easter break after Thursday's floor session and the woman who lets me live
                          with her and I are getting out of Juneau for a few days. So here is this abbreviated
                          week's update.

                          See you later, ethics
                          On Monday, the House unanimously approved its omnibus ethics bill, HB 10 9. It
                          contains parts of 13 bills, as well as some of the more than 50 amendments that were
                          offered in the State Affairs and Judiciary committees. It's not a perfect bill, but it does
                          make the ethics laws stronger. The bill has gone to the Senate, which will do who
                          knows what, and then probably to a conference committee to iron out the differences
                          of opinion between us and them. So we'll most likely be seeing the bill again on the
                          House floor later in the session.

                          Au revoir, 90-day session
                          On Tuesday, we passed a bill, HB 171, to make a 90-day session work. That was
                          mostly changing the dates of when reports are due to us, but it does provide for a
                          February starting date every other year. I don't think the 90-day session is a good idea,
                          but the voters approved it and now we've got to try to make it work. I was particularly
                          happy with an amendment by Harry Crawford and others that took out the automatic


            8/26/2009
                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000928
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                    repeal of the 90-day session after two years had passed.

                    Bye, bye AGIA
                    Also on Tuesday, the powerful Oil and Gas Committee, of which I am a powerful
                    member, passed out its version of Gov. Sarah Palin 's Alaska Gasline Inducement Act.
                    HB 177. The short version is that the governor gave us a pretty good bill and we made
                    it better, and we did it in a workmanlike , bipartisan way.      a also got a pretty funky
                    song out of it.) But the bill is not well liked by the North Slope oil and gas producers
                    and their allies in the legislature, so it's a good bet that mischief will be done
                    somewhere along the way.

                    Go away, cruise ship initiative changes
                    I'm wrestling with another bill to change the cruise ship initiative , this one in the
                    powerful Economic Development, Trade and Tourism Committee . The bill, HB 217,
                    would eliminate the requirement that cruise ship personnel who sell shore-side tours to
                    passengers declare how much of their payment is going into the cruise line's pocket. I
                    don't support the bill , because I don't think we should be making significant changes
                    to laws passed by initiative unless they pose a serious threat to the state . I'm also
                    unhappy with the cruise ship industry, which is trying to nibble the initiative to death
                    using arguments they could have made to the voters but didn't. Looks like we'll be
                    voting on the bill next Tuesday, so stay tuned.


                    Farewell, constituent meeting
                    Sen. Hollis French, Rep. Lindsey Holmes, Blazzee the Clown and I had a lot of fun
                    with about 100 people who came out to eat pizza and talk politics at the Spenard Rec
                    Center last weekend . If you weren't there, you missed the party of the year, if not the
                    century. I heard about lots of issues that are important to people in our House district
                    and, let me tell you, that Blazzee really knows his way around a balloon animal.




                                                  Stay in touch: Send me an e-mail!
                                          Visit my website: http://doogan.akdemocrats.org
                                            Enough of this: Take me off the mailing list!
                           I want to receive the E-News at a different address: Change my e-mail address




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0000929
