Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

               From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state.ak.us]
               Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 7:39 AM
               To:       Sarah Palin
               Subject : RE: assistant

             Governor Palin,

             We're on the same page. I prepared this memo last night and left it on your desk. i can't believe I get to work this
             morning and there' s an email from you on the same topic.
                                                          Privilege
             I think you're right We don't need to s he.              I think would be great. She would help with many different
             perspectives of outreach and diversity. Privili too, but I thought I heard Mike mention he had something else in
             mind for him (?).

             My only concern is splitting up the B&C office. I'm still hearing that the major flaw with the last B&C office was
             that they were spread out across the state with no oversight of each other (the assistant was in JNU , the director
             in ANC, the deputy in FBX). I want to avoid the B&C office from going in three different directions ; we need to be
             working towards the same goal collectively : keeping the appointments moving , keeping the vacancy list low and
             the candidate pool high , and outreach.

             That said, I trust your instincts. I'm up for whatever keeps this office productive , moving forward, and helping-
             not hindering you. If you think it could work , I look forward to the discussion.

             See you at 10,

             Ivy


            From: Sarah Palin [mailto :gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 6:46 AM
            To: lvy_frye@gov. state.ak.us
            Cc: mike tibbles @gov.state.ak.us; Kristina Y Perry
            Subject: assistant

            Ivy - as you're searching for your B & C assistant: is there a fit for any of our wonderful, hardworking
            supporters who are still "waiting to hear" (as they characterize it) from any of us on jobs available.
            Many of these folks seem so well qualified for a number of jobs... Todd reminded me last night that
            there's still a list of them ready, willing and able to help.

             He specifically mentioned Privileged or Personal Material         a few more I can't recall this morning... and
             of course we know of the Diversity Team members.

            This may be a matter of NOT being able to find someone able to move to Juneau for the job, but perhaps
            that could work also as we could get a wider perspective , or field of candidates, if someone was
            stationed where more of the people are. Just a thought.

            I don't want you to have to merely "settle" on anyone because it's tough finding the person willing to be
            stationed in Juneau. We can talk about this when we go through more B & C today.

            Please continue to consider the Diversity Team folks. I'll talk to you more about our recent Anch.
            meeting over that issue today also.



             8/26/2009
                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0000964
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



            Your open position could provide us the perfect opportunity to plug in others who have been asking
            where they can help progress this administration. Kris still has, I believe, the long list of those who
            offered early on (didn't we have 800, or 1800 in Bailey's data base - people supporting our "AK FIRST"
            agenda?).




            Don't pick lemons.
            See all the new 2007 cars at Yahoo! Autos.




            8/26/2009
                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0000965
