Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 4



              Unknown
               From :    Karl Spencer [kari_spencer@gov.state . ak.us]
              Sent:      Friday, April 06 , 2007 10:28 AM
              To:        Meghan Stapleton ; 'Sarah Palin'; 'Christopher Clark'
               Cc:       'Michelle Fabrello'; Devon ; Shannon L (GOV); 'Sharon Leighow'
              Subject: RE: Basketball from Joule, Stoltze, Olson

            Yes, Andy Mills took photos.

            Karl Spencer
            Governor's Scheduler
            907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax

            From: Meghan Stapleton (mailto:meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 9:44 AM
            To: 'Sarah Palin'; 'Christopher Clark'; 'Karl Spencer'
            Cc: 'Michelle Fabrello'; 'Shannon Devon'; 'Sharon Leighow'
            Subject: RE: Basketball from Joule, Stoltze, Olson

             I didn 't know the basketball was already presented - did anyone take pictures?


            Meghan N . Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 0
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c


            From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 6:38 AM
            To: Christopher Clark; 'Karl Spencer
            Cc: 'Michelle Fabrello'; 'Shannon Devon ; 'Meghan Stapleton'; 'Sharon Leighow'
            Subject: RE: Basketball from Joule, Stoltze, Olson

            perfect! thanks-

            Christopher Clark <christopher clark@gov . state.ak.us> wrote:
            We're going to do something even better, Karl.

            At the suggestion of Bill Stoltze , I'm writing letters to North Slope Borough Mayor Edward Itta and the coach and
            remarkable players of the high school women 's basket team from Anaktuvuk Pass , the Nunamiut Wolves, who
            won this year's 1A state championship with on ly five players. Talk about heart! (See the Anchorage Daily News
            story below.)

            It would be nice to get a photograph to send them of the Governor sitting at her desk . Perched on the corner of
            her desk is the basketball autographed by those five remarkable women.

            All this will be warmly received by Mayor Itta , who had planned quite a reception for the Governor in Barrow last
            Monday - complete with drummers comprised of Barrow whaling captains. The plan was to send off the Governor
            with drummers lining the way to her plane so she could feel "the heartbeat of Barrow" as she was leaving - a
            gesture of respect and gratitude.

            Do we have a fun job, or what?



             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0000959
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 4



            Chris




                                                                       Top of Form
                    Right-click here to
                    download pictures. To help
                    protect your privacy,                             Bottom of Form
            I                         1
             No subs, no problem
            60-53 : Nunamiut wins the 1A state championship game with only five players.

            By BRIAN SINGLER
            Anchorage Daily News                                                         Right-click here to download
            I                                                                        0
            (Published: March 23, 2007)                                                  pictures. To help protect your
                                                                                         privacy, Outlook prevented automatic
            It doesn't matter they start every game short handed -- or that              download of this picture from the
                                                                                         Internet.
            their bench is empty and silent.                                             adn.com story photo
            Foul trouble or injury usually mean disaster.
            The Nunamiut Wolves of Anaktuvuk Pass proved Thursday at
            Sullivan Arena that you only need five players to win a state
            basketball championship.
            Because their five starters -- the only players on the team --
            were better than any five the nine-member King Cove Rookies
            could assemble, the result was a 60-53 victory In the Class 1A           Nunamiut's Amanilla Hugo reacts to
            girls state title game.                                                    her team's victory in the girls' 1A
                                                                                     state championship game, Mar. 22,
            "I have an all-around team," said head coach Amanda Gerke.
                                                                                     2007, at Sullivan Arena. Nunamiut
            "They're the Fantastic Five. That's what they named them at               beat King Cove 60-53. "I have an
            regionals."                                                              all-around team," said head coach
            The Arctic Circle conference champion Wolves come from a town                Amanda Gerke. "They're the
            of about 330 located on a divide between the Anaktuvuk and                 Fantastic Five. That's what they
            John rivers in central Brooks Range , some 250 miles northwest            named them at regionals." (Photo
                                                                                       by MARC LESTER /Anchorage
            of Fairbanks. It's the last remaining settlement of the inland
                                                                                                 Daily News)
            Inupiat Eskimo, the Nunamiut, and is located along a historic
            caribou migration route.
            Gerke's team had 10 players at the start of the season, but
                                                                                            Right-click here to download
            three went to play for Mt. Edgecumbe, another got hurt and the                  pictures. To help protect your
            last one had "other interests," Gerke said.                                     privacy, Outlook prevented
                                                                                            automatic download of this
            The team added three middle-school players during the season                    picture from the Internet.
            but they were too young to travel to regionals or state, said                   adn.com story photo
            Kayla Hopson, who finished with 16 points.
            "I knew I was going to have five players at regionals and here,"
            Gerke said. "They always know each other's spot (on the
            court)."
            Afterwards, the five were a small mass of hugging, crying blue
            jerseys, calling friends and family on their cell phones while
            being interviewed on TV.
            So forget the odd-looking score sheet and roster. Forget that in         1A state championship game, Mar.
            pregame ceremonies, there are no non-starters to introduce.                 22, 2007, at Sullivan Arena.
            Just remember how valuable it is to have Violet Kakinya as a             Nunamiut beat King Cove 60-53. "1



                8/25/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0000960
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4


           teammate.
                                                                                         have an all-around team," said head
           "She's best when I say, " No more fouls,' " Gerke said laughing,              coach Amanda Gerke. "They're the
           referring to her strategy to ensure none of her players foul out.               Fantastic Five . That's what they
                                                                                          named them at regionals ." (Photo
           Kakinya rattled off 14 points in the pivotal second quarter when                by MARC LESTER /Anchorage
           Nunamiut burled the Rookies.                                                              Daily News)
           Kakinya started the quarter with a pair of three -point plays. The
           sophomore continued with a barrage from the left side of the
           basket and scored the final bucket of the half to give a
           Nunamiut a 37-23 lead.
           At the start of the second half, she dropped in a six-foot runner as the Wolves' lead grew to 20
           points.
           King Cove outscored Nunamiut in the final two quarters but the damage was done . King Cove's
           Marisa Mack finished with a game-high 23 points and Brittney Yatchmeneff added 17 before fouling
           out on a play where she received a wicked shot to the face.
           King Cove's only lead of the game right after the opening tip , when Mack scored three seconds into
           the game.
           She came alive in the second half with 16 points, but the closest King Cove could come was the
           final score.
           That left King Cove as runner-up for the second consecutive year while Nunamiat captured its first
           state championship.
           And with only five players.
            It shows we're really good," Hopson said.


           Daily News reporter Brian Singler can be reached at bsingler adn.com.


           NUNAMIUT (60) -- Hopson 16, Kakinya 19, Mekiana 8, Hugo 11, Wagner 6.
           KING COVE (53) -- Wilson 3, Mack 23, A. Yatchmeneff 2, Newman 8 , B. Yatchmeneff 17
           Nunamiut 21 16 13 10 -- 60
           King Cove 11 12 14 16 -- 53




           From: Karl Spencer [mailto:kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2007 3:39 PM
           To: 'Christopher Clark'
           Cc: 'Michelle Fabrello'
           Subject: Basketball from Joule, Stoltze, Olson

           Chris, can you draft thank you language from the Governor for the basketball that Joule , Stoltze , and Olson
           brought to her today, and send it to Michelle to finish? Thanks. Kari.

           Karl Spencer
           Governor's Scheduler
           907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax




           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0000961
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 4 of 4




            Finding fabulous fares is fun.
            Let Yahoo! FareChase search your favorite travel sites to find flight and hotel bargains.




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000962
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off                                                     Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    Karl Spencer [kari_spencer@-gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent      Friday, April 06, 2007 10:57 AM
              To:       'Sarah Palin ; 'Michael Tibbles'
              Subject: Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off

            Governor and Mike, here 's an update. Sounds like we are getting the two together to see how they work out. At
            the bottom of the email they are asking us to help with Stefani 's travel costs. Should I check this out with Linda
            Perez or should we ask ASMI to pay for it? Kari.

            Karl Spencer
            Governor's Scheduler
            907-465-3986 phone ; 907-465-3889 fax


            From: Laura Fleming [mailto:lfleming@alaskaseafood.org]
            Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 1:34 PM
            To: Lynne Smith
            Subject: Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off


            Dear Lynne:
            Greetings ! I have put the proposition to both Stefani Marnon and Naomi Everett, and suggested that they first talk
            on the phone to further explore the concept of representing Alaska as a team (which they were both willing to
            explore). If that goes well, which I think it will, I propose they get together in the kitchen , and if that goes well, I
            can report to you that conditions are ripe for an invitation from the Governor (of course the chief executive can
            proceed however and whenever she deems it appropriate, this is just a suggestion ). My thinking was to make
            sure we have a solid team that can work effectively to secure a victory for Alaska (knowing that only one chef will
            be honored and credited based on the way it played out last year ). As far as I know, the Governor of Louisiana
            hasn't extended the challenge yet, so we have time. Just wanted to give you a progress report . If we send two
            chefs the costs will double, and I am wondering whether the Governor's Office would be willing to support
            Stefani's travel costs associated with the competition , provided we pick up all other costs , including getting the
            two chefs together this month . Is that outside your bailiwick; should I put the question to someone else?

            Best,
            Laura




            Friday update from Laura.

            They are very excited to be invited by the Governor to represent Alaska as a team and are already thinking up
            ways to include Alaska produce as well as seafood into their entry.

            Louisiana has not yet sent out the invitations for the cook off, so Alaska is ahead of the game.




            8/26/2009
                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0000963
