Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From :      Christopher Clark [christopher clark@gov . state.ak.usj
             Sent:        Friday, April 06, 2007 8:43 AM
             To:          'Sarah Pal !n'; Bitney ; John W (LAA); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); S R Parnell; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Cc:          Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon W Leighow
             Subject: RE: DMVA
             Greetings!

             The bill, HB 210 , is one of Gen. Craig Campbell' s top legislative priorities.

             Because we had a lot on our plate with the gas line, ethics , and other legislation, John authorized
             Campbell's agency to find a good sponsor of the proposal.

             He and his staff found one: Rep. Nancy Dahlstrom. And they' ve been working with her and her staff on
             moving it quickly through the legislature.

             The measure may be viewed as a restraint on a governor's power to appoint someone as adjutant
             general, but the goal is to be sure qualified people who serve in the military get the job.


             From : Sarah Palin [ma!Ito :gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 7:09 AM
             To: john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; Sean Parnell; Kristina Y Perry
             Subject: DMVA

             I did not know about Rep. Dahlstrom's bill re: no political allies in promotion of DMVA high-
             level, but read about it in today's ADN.

            It gives a good opportunity to advise Craig Campbell on his need to fill the DMVA Dep.
            Commish position with someone with military experience. (I've struggled with the idea of NOT
            having militiary exp. fill that role - it's ironic that Nancy was working on such a bill.)

            Anyway, we need to be proactive here and remind Craig of progress on that bill (and JB - pis tell
            Nancy I support it).

            Could THIS opportunity be one for thinking outside the box and promoting someone with a
            "diverse" perspective on AK issues for a high-ranking position in the Palin-Parnell admin?

            Tib - remind me to talk to Craig about this today please.

            The Lt. Gov. and Kris Perry know of our need to broaden our search for candidates in particular
            areas of public service.

            thanks!




            We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
            (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0000951
