Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



              Unknown
               From :    Erika Fagerstrom [erika-fagerstrom@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:      Friday, April 06, 2007 9:22 AM
              To:        Governor Sarah Palin
              Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos & Easter

            Sounds good! It is absolutely no burden on the staff to whip something together for the Easter lunch/meal.
            Stefani mentioned that she had discussed making a turkey. Are there ANY dishes that your family likes to eat for
            Easter?


            From: Governor Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 8:52 AM
            To: 'Erika Fagerstrom'
            Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos & Easter

            No one's expected to attend - I think I'll just pass the word around about it.

            Easter. I think all I need is for dye - does Stef have food coloring? I'm sure we have vinegar... I'll just mixed food
            coloring with vinegar if we have those two ingredients so I can dye eggs with the girls. Can we get more eggs
            also?

            Pis let Stef know that Todd is coming in tomorrow. And that we may invite a few "homeless" staffers over for
            Easter meal. I feel sorry for some of these single staffers who have no family down here! I want to invite them to
            come have lunch or something that day so they have a least a bit of a fun thing to do - but certainly don't want to
            burden house staff with this idea. Stef could just perhaps add a few extra ingredients in anything to make a bigger
            meal - plus we have the leftover stew from last night - it can be very simple with no need for staff to do anything
            extra b/c this would just be a casual gathering of a few folks who would appreciate any home cooked meal during
            this busy time in the session. Hope Stef wouldn't feel burdened at this last-minute idea (and I can certainly pull
            together something myself for Sunday if this is too much! It seems there are ingredients and foodstuffs all over in
            the pantry!)

            You're awesome Erika.

            Thanks!


            From : Erika Fagerstrom [mailto:erika_fagerstrom@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 10:39 AM
           To: 'Governor Sarah Palin'
            Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos & Easter

           Would you like to invite your Cabinet and senior staff to the Prayer Lunch? Shannon from John Bitney's office
           was inquiring if they were expected to attend. I wouldn't think that they're expected to attend, but they are
           invited.
           If you would like to extend a verbal invitation, that would be great. If you'd like for me to email them an invite so
           they have all the information, just let me know.

            Next year, it will be smooth sailing... as it will all be routine by then.

           Easter
           Would you like for me to pick up baskets for the girls? Stefani has candy, but if you want I could pick something
           else up.
           On-line gift certificates for Old Navy, American Eagle, Abercombie... I'd need credit card info. for that..
           Tanning coupons for Bristol...?



            8/25/2009
                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0000953
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2


            Movie passes

            Erika




            From: Governor Sarah Palin [mailto:govpalin@gov.state. ak.us]
            Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 9:22 AM
            To: 'Erika Fagerstrom'
            Subject: RE: Prayer Breakfast Photos

            No problem using the pic. Erika! And your questions are no bother at all!

            Remind Steph that I boiled all the eggs that I found in the fridge last night - sorry I nabbed them if she needed
            them for anything today.

            Thanks!


            From: Erika Fagerstrom [mailto:erika fagerstrom@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Wednesday, April 04, 2007 5:53 PM
            To: 'Governor Sarah Pal!n'; 'Governor Sarah Palin'
            Subject: Prayer Breakfast Photos

            Hello Governor,

            The Governor's Prayer Breakfast (Lunch this year) would like to run a TV. ad for the event. Would it be okay with
            you- to use your official picture? Andy Mills is sending a few other pictures over. The advertisement would
            basically show a few pictures and say something like.."Come join us as we honor , support, and pray for Governor
            Sarah Palin" followed by the information for the event.

           I apologize for bothering you with questions , we just don't want to over-step our bounds or use something that
           we shouldn't.

           Thanks!
           Erika




           Erika Fagerstrom
           Executive Residence Manager & Assistant to the First Gentleman
           Governor's House
           State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
           716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
           Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0000954
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off                                                    Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    Karl Spencer [kan_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:     Friday, April 06, 2007 10:57 AM
              To:       'Sarah Palin'; 'Michael Tibbles'
              Subject: Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off

            Governor and Mike, here's an update. Sounds like we are getting the two together to see how they work out. At
            the bottom of the email they are asking us to help with Stefani 's travel costs. Should I check this out with Linda
            Perez or should we ask ASMI to pay for !t? Kari.

            Kar! Spencer
            Governor's Scheduler
            907-465-3986 phone ; 907-465-3889 fax


           From: Laura Fleming [mailo : lfleming@alaskaseafood.org]
           Sent: Thursday, April 05, 2007 1:34 PM
           To: Lynne Smith
           Subject: Progress report on chefs/Great American Seafood Cook-off


            Dear Lynne:
           Greetings! I have put the proposition to both Stefani Marnon and Naomi Everett, and suggested that they first talk
           on the phone to further explore the concept of representing Alaska as a team (which they were both willing to
           explore). If that goes well, which I think it will, I propose they get together in the kitchen , and if that goes well, I
           can report to you that conditions are ripe for an invitation from the Governor (of course the chief executive can
           proceed however and whenever she deems it appropriate , this is just a suggestion). My thinking was to make
           sure we have a solid team that can work effectively to secure a victory for Alaska (knowing that only one chef will
           be honored and credited based on the way it played out last year ). As far as I know, the Governor of Louisiana
           hasn't extended the challenge yet , so we have time. Just wanted to give you a progress report . If we send two
           chefs the costs will double, and I am wondering whether the Governor's Office would be willing to support
           Stefani's travel costs associated with the competition , provided we pick up all other costs , including getting the
           two chefs together this month . Is that outside your bailiwick; should I put the question to someone else?

           Best,
           Laura




           Friday update from Laura.

           They are very excited to be invited by the Governor to represent Alaska as a team and are already thinking up
           ways to include Alaska produce as well as seafood into their entry.

           Louisiana has not yet sent out the invitations for the cook off, so Alaska is ahead of the game.




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0000955
