Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Unknown
       From:                     Kari Spencer [kari _spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
       Sent:                     Friday, April 06, 2007 4:05 PM
       To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
       Subject:                  FW: Jet update




       Kari Spencer

       Governor's Scheduler

       907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax



       -----Original Message-----

       From: Dan Spencer [mailto:danial_spencer@dps.state. ak.us]

       Sent: Friday, April 06, 2007 4:04 PM

       To: Walt Monegan

       Cc: Kari Spencer; Russell T Kelly; Sharon W Leighow

       Subject: Jet update



       Kari,



       Per the Governor's request, here is the latest status on the jet.

       First, the easy piece of info - the jet has been moved to Anchorage to

       be more available to a broker and potential buyers.



       Now to more substantive matters.

           This is for information only

       As we've discussed,       here's the current status on the jet.



       -   There were 4 bidders for the brokerage contract and 2 were

       disqualified. (This fact is public)

       -   We have issued a notice of intent to award a brokerage contract to

       Turbo North and have had one meeting with Robert Heckmann, the owner.



       *** All following information is confidential because we have not yet
                                                                1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       awarded a brokerage contract. ***



       -   He has provided a proposal on pricing - I have a few questions.

       Expect that we'll meet Monday or Tuesday and finalize the contract.

           Turbo North will then be the primary point of contact for all offerers.



       -   One of those disqualified, Grubstake Auction, has protested their

       disqualification.

                 They offered a single auction, not brokerage services

             - I have discussed the protest with Dept of Law and DOA and am

       drafting a response denying the protest.

             - Grubstake has said they will sue if we deny their protest.



       I will give a status update to Russ Kelly by the end of next week or

       when we make an award, whichever comes first.




                                                      2
