Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


             Unknown
             From :   Sarah Patin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Saturday , April 07, 2007 5:06 PM
             To:      Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Governor Sarah Patin
             Cc:      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton ; Tom E Irwin
             Subject: Re: Two Items Today
             Big issues with MatMaid and Ag. I'm anxious to start tackling them. Change in persons calling
             some shots at Ag is in order. We certainly can't ignore the growing problems in that arena.

             Upon my return from the Educ. Symposium let's get together to talk Ag.

             I am thankful you all settled the Alaska Grown suit. Thank you!

            Thanks for update on Alyeska. Rumor within pipeline worker-bee ranks is the automated system
            will be Alyeska's biggest nightmare - but that' s just rumor. Anxious to chat more about that too.

            Happy Easter, all!

            Joseph R Balash <joe balash@gov state.ak.us> wrote:

              Governor:

              I received two telephone calls today that I need to bring to your
              attention.

              First, Alyeska Pipeline Service Company's representative called me
              this afternoon to inform us that on March 22, a series of events led
              to some concerns with the effectiveness of the reconfiguration at Pump
              Station 9.

              Some part of the system at Pump 9 wasn't working correctly, so they
              shut the pipeline down according to procedure. When they shut the
              system down, oil is off-loaded into tanks at the pump stations to
              releive pressure in the line and allow everything to be turned off.
              The automated system control in Valdez was not able to control a
              particular valve on one of the pipes going into the releif tank. They
              were able to send a crew to turn it manually, but since this is one of
              the new automated pump stations, questions are now being raised.
              Alyeska is performing an internal review of the system to determine
              what happened, why, and what needs to be done about it. The Joint
              Pipeline Office apparently is sending a letter to Alyeska to inquire
              about the incident, too.

              The second item is one I raised on Thursday. MatMaid is hemoraging
              cash at an alarming level. The Board of Agriculture and Conservation
              met yesterday afternoon and this morning--things are not good. The
              chair of the BAC, Rhonda Boyles, is going to email some documents to
              me. The leadership of DNR has been made aware of some of the details,
              but it is likely we will all have to get more informed and involved.


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0000975
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


             Rhonda thinks we have 30-60 days before something drastic has to be
             done. She estimated that an infusion of $1.5 million would keep the
             dairy running until the end of the year, but that would only be a stop-
             gap. The end is near. The consequences need to be managed--including
             30 some odd Teamsters employed by the dairy.

             Again, there is no immediate action required for either of these
             items. I just wanted to be sure you are aware of them and will
             continue to keep you informed.

             Joe



            Need Mail bonding?
            Go to the Yahoo! Mail 0&A for great tips from Yahoo ! Answers users.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0000976
