Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov. state. ak.us]
              Sent:     Wednesday, April 11, 2007 5:41 PM
              To:       Sarah Palin ; 'Michael Tibbles'
              Subject: B&C

           I had a good conversation with Privileg today . She's interested in moving down here , but she wants to check out
           the elementary school for her aug ter. We just need to decide if she's going to be doing outreach in B&C or
           rural policy . And make final decisions on a hiring decision . I don't want to do anything that you guys aren 't feeling
           100% with.

           Maybe it can be a combined position? She focuses on "off the road system " outreach and I focus on our people
           in SE, the Valley, ANC, and FBX outreach . As long as we are keeping people plugged in, motivated , and excited
           about the administration , I don't care how we break it up. Governor , just so you know there has been an
           overwhelming response to serve in this administration . It's awesome. We have over 700 employment
           applications and 300 board applicants (you've only appointed about 50 at this point, but with a lot more to come).

           Also, talked to Kris today about Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                           I was readin g an
           NGA article and it was talkin g about ways to kee      our board appts motivated . One way was Privileged or Person
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                                                       If you' re interested I'll
           follow up wi tff ns.

           Had a mtg . w/ Tib and Tara today re: Workforce Investment Board . What do you think about Privileged or P^
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



                                                                                                                                       I
           Alright, I'll let you enjoy the Arizona sun. We miss you!


           Ivy Frye
           Director of Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           (907) 465-3500 office
           (907) 465-8110 fax




           8/31/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0001005
