Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Friday, April 13, 2007 6:08 AM
         To:                       Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: FLOWERS!


         You're so welcome and I thank YOU! And I can't believe you're a day over 30 - seriously -
         you look great, are great. And I hope we don't age you in the next four yrs!




         -----Original Message-----

        From: Kari Spencer <karispencer@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Thu, 12 Apr 2007 16:56:10

        To:gov.sarahoyahoo.com, 'Todd Palin' <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

        Subject: FLOWERS!




        Thank you so much for the flowers! They are so beautiful and spring time bright! This
        has been a great day! I've been wanting to tell you for some time that I am honored that
        you kept me on to be a part of your administration, thank you for the opportunity to work
        with such wonderful people, meaning you and your family, and the people like Mike Tibbles
        that you brought with you!




                                                                    1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001040
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


           Revenue sharing media event                                                                             Page 1 of 2



             Unknown

              From :      Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:       Friday, April 13, 2007 11:04 AM
              To:         Sarah Palin
              Cc:         Meghan Stapleton; John Bitney
              Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event

           Governor,

           Last night the Senate Finance Committee removed the municipal assistance money we included in our budget.
           At this point in the public process, it appears as if the House and the Senate have removed the money and there
           is no chance of it passing. Generally, if you do not have a budget item in at least one body, you can not bring it
           up at the operating budget conference committee to be resolved.

            However, all is not lost here. Senator Hoffman mentioned to us that the money would eventually come out of the
           operating budget and municipal assistance would be addressed in the capital budget. There is a lot of focus on
           the retirement costs and I am getting the sense that with the substantial increase in school funding and local
           government assistance (hundreds of millions of new dollars for local governments) that the additional $48 million
           will not pass.

           There is a concern in the Legislature that we have local governments that are not PERS members and therefore
           will not see any additional increase. Sen. Hoffman's plan is to address this in the capital budget by granting those
           communities that will not get additional retirement dollars new funds for municipal assistance. All should be well
           in the end.

           The Mayor of Anchorage would still like you to participate in a press event and stand by your budget. Their
           request is to tackle the retirement costs and the municipal assistance issues separately. We acknowledged that
           they are two separate issues and we need to continue to be supportive of our budget. However, the process is
           still moving forward, we are very engaged with leadership daily reminding them of our priorities and working with
           them to find solutions. We do have indications that some form of municipal assistance and increased municipal
          retirement costs will be funded. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          Privileged or Personal Materio
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          Any thoughts?
           Mike Tibbles


          From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
          Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 8:46 AM
          To: 'Michael A Tibbles'
          Subject: FW: Revenue sharing media event

          I called and left a message with Janice - I was on the phone with Sharon working through the 9am
          as well. Am available, but we need to have Governor in to either call, meet, or participate.
          Meghan N . Stapleton
          Communications Director
          Office of Governor Sarah Palin
          907.269.7450 o
          907.269.7463 f




          8/25/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0001041
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



           Revenue sharing media event                                                                            Page 2 of 2


           907.321.4975 c


           From: Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us]
           Sent: Friday, April 13, 2007 8:06 AM
           To: Meghan Stapleton
           Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.
           Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event

           Meg:
           I just heard this morning that Senate Finance dropped revenue sharing from their budget last night so it's not in
           either version of the budget. So it's even more important now that we do something sooner than later. Please let
           us know the governor's availability and we can start collecting mayors.


           From: Meghan Stapleton [mailto:meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Wednesday, April 11, 2007 2:59 PM
           To: Ramseur, David S.
           Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.
           Subject: RE: Revenue sharing media event

           The Governor is obviously very much on board - just trying to figure out a day. We're hoping to
           get her to Anchorage on Wednesday, but I will let you know soon.



           Meghan N . Stapleton
           Communications Director
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           907.269.7450 o
           907.269.7463 f
           907.321.4975 c


           From : Ramseur, David S. [mailto:RamseurDS@ci.anchorage.ak.us]
           Sent: Tuesday, April 10, 2007 3:42 PM
           To: meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
           Cc: Hasquet, Julie M.
           Subject: Revenue sharing media event


           Meg:

           As you probably know, the Senate is holding budget public hearings this week - Begich will testify tomorrow.

           We understand revenue sharing may not stay in Senate budget, and its already out of the House budget. So we'd
           now recommend a press conference with mayors and the governor. Our proposal: ideally if governor is in
           Anchorage next week, collect the mayors in your office for a statewide news conference to bang the drum for
           revenue sharing.

           If she's not planning to be here, we'd suggest a video-teleconference, with her in Juneau and other mayors from
           around the state gathered here. As she suggested to Begich, we believe we can get a fair number of Mat-Su and
           Kenai mayors.

           Message: mayors support governor on revenue sharing, must have from Legislature.

           Can you please run that up the flagpole?

           David



           8/25/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0001042
