Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


            Unknown

             From:     Bruce Anders [bruce anders@dnr.state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Tuesday, April 17, 2007 2:42 PM
             To:       Sarah Patin
             Cc:       Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Joseph R Balash
            Subject: Sheri Buretta Meeting
            Governor,

            Yesterday Tom and I had an extraordinary meeting with the ANSCA Regional Corps/CEO Group, the
            President of which, as you know, is Sheri Buretta. The meeting went very well and we answered some
            tough questions. These folks are smart - and invested in this. I received calls from CEOs this morning,
            thanking us and seeking more information. It was very encouraging.

            An AGIA endorsement from them would be vitally important , because:

            (1) this group collectively controls $5 billion in revenue and $3 . 5 billion in assets , employing over 3,000
            Alaska Natives,
            (2) they represent the collective voice of nearly every Alaskan Native,
            (3) an ANCSA corporation endorsement would rock the producers from their aggressive anti-AGIA stance
            after hearing that the companies and subsidiaries that do the lion 's share of the oilfield servicing on the
            slope backed AGIA, and
            (4) an expression of support for AGIA from one of these individuals to his or her legislators would carry
            huge sway.

            The group promised further discussion. Particularly encouraging was Mark Kroloff echoing our insistence
            upon the importance of AGIA's expansion provisions, reminding the others that through the 7(i) sharing
            program, their collective wealth rose and fell with the success of getting gas reserves beneath
            ASRC/Doyon/CIRI/NANA turf into the pipe.

            I've had long chats with both Sheri and Mary Ann Pease, both of whom had previously planned to be in
            Juneau all day Thursday. Sheri says they would be willing to change their plans and come tomorrow (on
            the 11:40 flight), in order to try to catch you before you left tomorrow evening. Do you think you'd have
            time to squeeze them in?

            Bruce




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0001108
