Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Monday, April 16, 2007 9:05 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: State Employee Recognition


        It is news to me that we would postpone due to AGIA. Things may be hot and heavy with the
        many closeout items prior to the legislative adjournment but I do not see why we could not
        do a short event. It would help the executive branch employee's morale.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto: gov.sarah @yahoo.com]

        Sent: Monday, April 16, 2007 4:15 PM

        To: Annette Kreitzer; Mike Tibbles

        Subject: Re: State Employee Recognition



        Haven't heard anything about postponement. Ill ask tibbles




        -----Original Message-----

       From: "Kreitzer, Annette \(Dept. of Admin\)" <Annette Kreitzer@admin.state.ak.us>

       Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 16:12:28

       To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

       Subject: State Employee Recognition



       Governor:




       I've been told that your scheduling and press folks would like to postpone the Governor's
       Denali Peak Awards due to concerns about stepping on stories about AGIA during the week of
       May 9. May 9th is Employee Recognition Day. With all due respect - this event isn't
       going to be eagerly covered by the press anyway. We're hopeful next year that it is, but
       we're realistic for this year. Would you reconsider with the understanding that the event
       is more important to the employees than to the press - the plan would be for you to be in
       Juneau and I would be in the ANC location to hand out awards (since employees are
       nominated from all across the State). Since we have closed nominations, we don't want to

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001098
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        lose the momentum we already have, by delaying until after session.




        I questioned whether employees really would care about this kind of a program before we
        got into it and was assured they do care. Your and my presence will make a difference and
        it's one small thing we can do, while we get better information about our recruitment and
        retention problems.




        On that note: I'll be coming to you after session to ask about            Privileged or Personal Materi^
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       With regard to contract negotiations, you know we have settled two of the eight contracts.
         I will work the Finance Committees with John Bitney and whoever else to get the fundin .
         As I've been telling Mike Tibbles , Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                           Privileged or Pers We're working to quantify what it all
       means . I'm bus giving you a ea s up on w at I m thinking as we get through the session
       and focus our efforts on these other issues (after PERS/TRS).




       Thanks for your consideration.



       ak




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001099
