Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, April 17, 200711:06 AM
         To:                       bobjna@gmail.com
         Subject:                  RE: Health Care


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

         Sent: Saturday, April 14, 2007 10:15 PM

         To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: Health Care



         Web mail from: Mr. Robert Jenkins

         address :   3310 Lois St. Anchorage AK 99517



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,



         I have a unique form of Young Onset Parkinson's disease which progresses faster than
         normal Parkinson's

         disease progresses . I find it very unfair that my Social Security Disability income
         disqualifies me from

         getting Medicaid unless I run my income through a costly to set up and awkward to maintain
         income

         qualifying "Miller" trust. I believe laws should be changed to fix this problem since
         anyone with the

         mental and physical ability to deal with the trust will get Medicaid . But it ' s not fair to
         the vulnerable

         who aren't able to effectively advocate for themselves. When I was first diagnoised I was
         in that

        category. If you'd like specific examples of trust problems caused by the State let me
        know. They predate
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001120
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         your administration, but frankly, I felt it useless to try to communicate with the
         Murkowski

         administration.



         bobjna®gmail.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0001121
