Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From:        Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com)
             Sent:    Tuesday , April 17, 2007 2:55 PM
             To:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV)
             Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Rutherford; Martha K ( DNR); Irwin ; Tom E (DNR);
                      Patrick S Galvin
             Subject: Re: FW: An offer re support for AGIA
            kari - FYI
            tom and marty - fyi, he' s offering to help w/legislators


            Kris Perry <krisj,erry@gov state. ak us> wrote:

              FYI. I'll plan on meeting w/Malcolm on Friday when I return to the office.


              From: Malcolm B Roberts [mailto:mbroberts@ gci.net]
              Sent: Tuesday, April 17, 2007 11:51 AM
              To: 'Kris Perry'
              Subject: An offer re, support for AGIA



              Hi Kris:

                      Gov. Hickel , David Gottstein and I would like to offer our support with several key
              legislators regarding AGIA.

                       The three of us could fly to Juneau April 30 or May 1 for 24 to 48 hours. If Governor
              Palin likes the idea , we would appreciate a briefing from your Gasline Team before we meet with
              those legislators who seem most fearful of standing up to the producers ' threats.

                      Our assessment is that the Governor and AGIA are winning , but the oil companies are
              ramping up the pressure and, unless we all help , they may succeed in stopping our best hope for
              a pipeline that truly benefits the Alaska people.

                     Gov. Hickel and I leave for Moscow this Friday night and will be back April 29. It would
              be helpful if I could stop by your office this week to discuss this and other items.

                         Thanks Kris.

                         Malcolm




           Ahhh... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
           Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0001123
