Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state. ak. us]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, April 18, 2007 4:13 PM
         To:                       jcalkins @mtaonline.net
         Subject:                  RE: Boards-and-Commissions


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, April 18, 2007 8:56 AM

         To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



         Web mail from: Mr. J. R. Calkins

         address: 216 East Bluff Vista Wasilla AK 99654



         MESSAGE:

         I have worked in the corrosion control industry for 33 years. From Industrial water
         treatment

         applications in major food processing plants across the midwest to fossil fuel and nuclear
         power plants

         and in the oil and gas industry. I have lived and worked in Alaska since the spring of
         1989. My interest

         is in the comments heard on the radio this AM regarding a "new" board or commission
         concerning corrosion

         control in Alaska's oil & gas industry. My concern is that the individuals selected for
         the

        board/commission may or may not have the technical ability to evaluate the producers
        efforts in corrosion

        control. Or a better veiw would to say that the individuals may not challenge the
        producers plans or

        efforts as they have historically have only done what has been absolutely necessary to
        chemically treat

                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001144
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         the internals of their systems or provide cathodic protection where necessary to prevent
         external

         corrosion .   I have long called this the "politics of corrosion control". Understal

         nding that we live in a competitive world , venders have long been beat down on pricing and
         margins to the

         point that R & D efforts are bing limited and finding good people and paying them
         competitive salaries

         has become difficult . Richard Woollam with BP to name one was instrumental in part of the
         process of

         driving many competent businesses out of the state . You can see where that has led.
         Commisions are fine

         as long as they aren ' t duplications of efforts and that they truly serve a need.



         jcalkins@mtaonline.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0001145
