Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



             Unknown
              From :    Karl Spencer [kari spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:     Thursday, April 19, 2007 1:05 PM
              To:       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com; 'Todd Pal!n ; 'Mike Tibbles'; 'Michael A Nizich'; 'John W
                        Bitney'; 'Christopher Clark'; 'Joe Balash'; 'Russ Kelly'; 'Lynne Smith'; Kim; Anna C (GOV); Devon;
                        Shannon L (GOV); Good; Jacob D (GOV); 'Andy Mills'; Bluhm; Jason R (GOV); 'Janice Mason'
              Subject: RE: 3rd Floor Softball

           Should I wear my "little man big bat" shirt that we wore when we were Wally Hickel 's Hitters (or Stammers or
           something like that) or should I wear my "Rick's Centurions" shirt (Rick Urion sponsored our team one year that
           was comprised largely of Gov Office Employees during Hickel Administration)? In other words, Ivy, yes we've
           had some Governor's Office teams before ! I might add that Rick's Centurions took first place undefeated --due in
           part by a right field hit by opposing team player Eldon Mulder that a very scared but I better catch it or I die right
           fielder caught which ended the game (yes I caught the ball and foiled Eldon 's lovely almost to the fence hit and
           they had bases loaded! It was my very best ever claim to doing something right on a softball field!). Tony
           Knowles' administration had teams too but never placed I don't think just to set the record straight.

           Kari Spencer
           Govemor's Scheduler
           907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax

           From: Ivy Frye [mailto:ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Thursday, April 19, 2007 11:44 AM
           To: gov.sarah@yahoo,com; Todd Pal!n'; 'Mike Tibbles'; 'Michael A Nizich'; 'John W Bitney'; 'Christopher Clark';
           'Joe Balash'; 'Russ Kelly; 'Lynne Smith'; 'Anna Kim'; Devon, Shannon L (GOV); Good, Jacob D (GOV); 'Kari
           Spencer'; 'Ivy Frye'; 'Andy Mills'; Bluhm, Jason R (GOV); 'Janice Mason'
           Subject: 3rd Floor Softball

           It's that time of year again ! Dust off your cleats, grease up your glove , stretch out your old , tired muscles (yes, I'm
           talking to you) and join us next weekend for as we participate in the legislative softball tourney out by Sandy
           Beach.

           Rumor has it, this is the first Administration Team to participate since the territorial days (back when men were
           men and Nizich was pitching for the White Sox).

           We're doing things a little different this year ... everybody included in this email is on the team unless you send
           your express written excuse, notarized by the Lt. Governor, as to why you can't join your co-workers for a little 3'
           floor team building and moral boosting next weekend (yes, you should feel bad ). Okay, I won't go that far, but
           send an email if you can't play in a game or two next Saturday.

           The motto is: Lose Two and BBQ or... Win Two; Play in the Championship on Sunday , and Then BBQ. Its
           quick, it's painless, and no matter what your skill level it's always a lot of fun.

           Plenty of food , beverages, and extra gear (I hope that wasn 't anybody's excuse for not attending !). If you know of
           others on the third floor that want to play send this on ... it's open to everybody ! A special award will be presented
           to the person who comes up with the best team name.

           Ivy "North Paw; Knock the Cover off the Ball; Open up the Window Aunt Nellie This One's Outta Here!" Frye




           8/25/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0001179
