Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state . ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, April 24, 2007 11:47 AM
         To:                       bushpilotom @yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Boards-and-Commissions


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you

         have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
         to each and

         every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
         appropriate staff person

         in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Saturday, April 21, 2007 3:37 PM

         To: governor@gov. state.ak.us

         Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



         Web mail from: Mr. Thomas klein

         address : po box 791 talkeetna AK 99676



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,

         My frustration deepens daily over the bias that permiates the Game Board. Whether

         or not one is for or against the decisions the Board is making, I feel there must be a

        balance of opinion amongst its' members.

         I hunt and utilize, the resources of our state yet am upset with the current

        boardmembers and thier pro hunting/killing mentality.

         I strongly urge you to reconfigure the board so as to represent all of Alaska and not

        just the consumptive users.            Thankyou.       Tom Klein



        bushpilotom@yahoo.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001264
