Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state. ak.us]
        Sent :                    Wednesday, April 25, 2007 3:21 PM
        To:                       rcalvillo@gci.net
        Subject:                  RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin.                 The concerns , opinions , and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need ,             suggestion, or comment.



        -----Original Message -----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

        Sent: Tuesday, April 24, 2007 12:32 PM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from: Mr. Raul Calvillo

        address; 2613 Talkeetna Fairbanks AK 99709



        MESSAGE;

        Governor Palin:



        I am writing regarding the Superior Court appointment for the Fairbanks Trial Courts. I
        respectfully

        recommend that you appoint Bethany P. Harbison Spaulding as the Superior Court Judge
        position in

        Fairbanks.



        I have worked for the court system for nearly eleven years in rural and Fairbanks, Alaska.
        I am

        currently a Supervisor at the Fairbanks Trial Courts.



        During these years, I have never met anyone like Ms. Spalding. She is extremely
        knowlegable and


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0001284
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        understands the varying circumstances that parties in the judicial system endure.                She is
        fair and treats

        everyone with the professional respect and dignity that they deserve.



        In addition, she is willing to utilize modern technology to perform her duties. She is a
        breathe of

        fresh air that this court system needs.



        Lastly, she is extremely approachable by court staff and welcomes many questions that we
        have.   She is

        leader and team player and liked my many.



        Thank you for your time.



        Respectfully submitted,

        Raul "Oscar " Calvillo, Jr.



        rcalvillo@gci. net

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0001285
