Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Governor Sarah Palin [governor@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, April 25, 2007 2:37 PM
        To:                       'biglakebubba@aol.com'
        Subject :                 RE: Other


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .                The concerns , opinions , and/or
        information you

        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .                Although she is unable to respond
        to each and

        every email herself , your message has been received and is being reviewed by the
        appropriate staff person

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion ,                 or comment.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Tuesday, April 24, 2007 7:02 AM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Other



        Web mail from : Mr. William Zeddies

        address :   P.O. Box 520586 Big Lake AK 99652



        MESSAGE:

        I have a problem with the local and lower 48 Independent Medical Evaluators who are
        further backlogging

       our already swamped Worker ' s Compensation system ,            causing undue stress to injured worker's
       by basically

       lying about the validity of workers compensation claims and I want to see them put on a
       very short leash.

       I was injured in 1998 while plowing snow at the city of Anchorage . After denial of
       benefits and an

       approxiamtely two year wait ,           I fought my denied claim for benefits and won .          I recieved
       retraining and

       future medical benefits . Even though I won future medical benefits ,                  I have been sent at
       great expense,

       mandatorily to 4 IME ' s to have my claim reviewed .            This year, the insurance adjuster for my
       former

       employer finally became so desperate that they found an IME that wasn ' t afraid to lie out
       his teeth by


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001286
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        making up a false allegation , if one could call it that . It was enough to make the
        adjuster decide they

        could contravert my claim . I don't know who to blame , but believe that if there weren't
        lying IME's out

        there , insurance adjusters and employers would have to turn to doctor's regemented by the
        hippocatic oath

         ( first do no harm).

        If you are unfamiliar with IME's , first think about this ; Why would an insurance company
        or adjuster send

        an injured worker all the way to Oregon and Washington state at great expense if the work
        could be done

        by doctor ' s in Alaska ? IME's are known to be crooked folks who lie for insurance
        companies . They operate

        from stink little dimly lit offices. They are licensed in several states. We let them
        continue with their

        dirty work. There is no need for an IME. We have doctors.

        I was first sent to an IME in Alaska . when he lied and would have caused great risk to the
        people of

        Anchorage by trying to send me back to work on heavy narcotics ,        running snow removal
        equipment, with

        little strength in my arms and lacking sleep ,    I went on the attack against him and made
        some impact.

        Since that so called exam by the so-called doctor, they have been sending me to the
        states.

        Now, my claim is again contraverted by IME's, I have to return to the worker's
        compensation system and

        will be adding to their already heavily overloaded workload . What is worse, the claim for
        contraversion

        has no validity. The claim states that since I have improved 90 percent . and want to return
        to work, I no

       longer need medical benefits . I am improved because of the drugs . If I go off the drugs, I
       will not be

        improved.

       Please consider investigating these court proven bias people who think they can cheat
       Alaskans out of

       deserved benefits . Remember , all I want is my medical bills paid.

       I think you are doing a wonderful . job and that means the entire governor ' s office and I
       thank you .

       Good luck.



       William Zeddies

       P.O. Box 520586


                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001287
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Big Lake , Ak. 99652

         907-892-8763




        biglakebubba®aol.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 _0001288
