Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :     Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent :     Friday, April 27, 2007 5:06 PM
             To:        Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
             Cc:      John W Bitney; Christopher G Clark; Kim; Anna C (GOV); Michael A Tibbles
             Subject: RE: New Trustee
            where are we in the choice process - who are the candidates? we need to hustle on this one too.

            I'd rather hustle with a selection versus invite him to call and discuss it further... I'm sure there's
            someone they can agree to?

            Ivy Frye <ivy_ frye@gov.state. ak. us> wrote:

              Jeff,

              Thank you for the email.

              I understand your concern . We haven ' t made any final decisions on the MHTA appointment.
              Please feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss this further.

              Thank you,

              Ivy

              From: Jeff Jessee ( mailto:jeff_jessee@ revenue.state .ak.us)
              Sent: Friday, April 27, 2007 3:08 PM
              To: 'Ivy Frye'
              Cc: 'Anna Kim'; 'John W Bitney'; 'Christopher Clark'
              Subject: New Trustee

              Hi Ivy,

              I'm sure you are extremely busy but my Board is getting concerned about the appointment of a
              new Trustee to replace John Malone whose term expired on March 3rd and who is term limited
              out from continuing to serve.

              As you know, current Trustees serve until a new Trustee is appointed and confirmed therefore an
              interim appointment will not give us a new Trustee.

              Please let me know if there is anything I can do to assist you.

              Thanks!

              Jeff




            Ahhh... imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
            Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001307
