Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From :                    Mike Tibbles [mike tibbles@gov.state .ak.us]
        Sent:                     Saturday, April 28, 2007 3:23 PM
        To:                       gov. sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE: education


        Chenault was a little concerned. He feels that his district overall compared to Anchorage
        is not getting enough. He lectured me a bit about how he has been helpful but so far we
        have not done anything to help him. He claimed our capital budget has nothing for his
        district.  We talked about how we picked those projects that would maximize match dollars
        as a starting point and planned on working with the Legislature from there. I asked him
        what he wanted because his district did not really come forward with much. He did not
        offer anything.  I suggested a DOT project that I thought we could move money to and he
        was not all that excited. I think he just wanted to vent a little. He thought we would
        have a tough time with Lyman and the Senate.



        We met with Lyman and although he was skeptical, I think he saw the real value in the two
        year approach and the benefit to the districts. He requested additional information that
        we are working on now.



        He (Lyman) just called me and Bitney back up and laid out his revenue sharing proposal.
        They are at $48 million but developed a different formula. Their deal ---- we agree to
        their revenue sharing and they agree to our school funding. We are looking at the
        spreadsheets but so far they look good. We may have a real opportunity to get two big
        wins here. It is amazing what you can do with money.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 12:29 PM

        To: Michael A Tibbles

        Subject: Re: education



        Thanks and I'm working right now with Ivy on regent issue. Educ plan sounds good let me
        know what chenault says




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Mike Tibbles <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Sat, 28 Apr 2007 09:45:24

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com


                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0001372
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Subject: RE: education



       Eddy Jeans, Karen and I are meeting with Mike Chenault at 10:00. He

       believes his plan will give Kenai more but we hope to show him that our two

       year program will meet his district's needs by giving roughly the same the

       first year and even more the second. I will be attempting to get in contact

       with Carol and the school board's association afterwards.



       Talis is heading back to Juneau by Monday.     We can make an announcement

       about the state filing a protest with the Indian Gaming Commission. I will

       talk to Stolze today and maybe call Begich to check his tolerance level for

       doing something public.



       Mike



       -----Original Message-----

       From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

       Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 8:26 AM

       To: Michael A Tibbles

       Subject: Re: education



       This should be good, really a win-win for all. I'm going for a run be I woke

       up wigging about all the stuff on our plates and before I panic          even more

       I'd better sweat some of it out.



       I have the utmost faith in you and this educ proposal. I want Comeau by our

       side on it. And we need a win even with Agia with this - tho I know you

       already know this.



       (We also need a win on the Eklutna gaming issue and Talis' confirmation -

       and I hate the veiled threat coming from the two legislators on that one.)




       -----Original Message-----
                                                      2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        From: Mike Tibbles <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2007 18:15:25

        To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: education



        I would like to talk to have a more serious conversation with legislators

        this weekend about education funding.    We do have a new proposal that does

        not reduce the BSA. At this point, we have not passed out numbers to anyone

        until we have a chance to walk you through the proposal and get your OK. We

        have a great opportunity to introduce a bill that addresses the local school

        district's needs and gives them certainty and sign the supplemental bill

        with the $1 Billion savings for education early next week.




        Do you have any time to talk about education before you leave tomorrow?




        Mike




                                                        3



                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0001374
