Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Mike Tibbles [mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Saturday, April 28, 2007 6:40 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: education


         Chenault is warming to the idea. He would like some help with his capital projects. I am
         looking over the Borough's priorities.  No promises yet but I will see if there is
         something we can do to help. I will follow up with you first.



         Lyda called Chenault to her office to talk about AGIA. We will get some intel on that a
         little later.



         The Senate Leadership is getting together to talk about a number of items including AGIA,
         education funding and municipal assistance.  Meanwhile, leadership staff is scheduled to
         discuss amendments.  The results of both will be discussed on Monday at our meeting. We
         will get more information about the various meetings tomorrow.



         Mike




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 5:20 PM

         To: Michael A Tibbles

         Subject: Re: education



         Sounds like good discussion with Lyman. And once chenault understands it I'd assume. he'll
         like it. Who has more support for funding plan - chenault or lyman?




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Mike Tibbles <mike tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

         Date: Sat, 28 Apr 2007 15:23:29

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: RE: education




                                                                  1



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001368
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Chenault was a little concerned. He feels that his district overall

         compared to Anchorage is not getting enough. He lectured me a bit about how

         he has been helpful but so far we have not done anything to help him. He

         claimed our capital budget has nothing for his district. We talked about

         how we picked those projects that would maximize match dollars as a starting

         point and planned on working with the Legislature from there. I asked him

         what he wanted because his district did not really come forward with much.

         He did not offer anything. I suggested a DOT project that I thought we

         could move money to and he was not all that excited. I think he just wanted

         to vent a little. He thought we would have a tough time with Lyman and the

         Senate.



         We met with Lyman and although he was skeptical, I think he saw the real

         value in the two year approach and the benefit to the districts. He

         requested additional information that we are working on now.



         He (Lyman) just called me and Bitney back up and laid out his revenue

         sharing proposal.      They are at $48 million but developed a different

         formula.     Their deal ---- we agree to their revenue sharing and they agree

         to our school funding. We are looking at the         spreadsheets but so far they

         look good.     We may have a real opportunity to get two big wins here. It is

         amazing what you can do with money.



        Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 12:29 PM

        To: Michael A Tibbles

        Subject: Re: education



        Thanks and I'm working right now with Ivy on regent issue. Educ plan sounds

        good let me know what chenault says



                                                          2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Mike Tibbles <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Sat, 28 Apr 2007 09:45:24

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: RE: education



        Eddy Jeans, Karen and I are meeting with Mike Chenault at 10:00. He

        believes his plan will give Kenai more but we hope to show him that our two

        year program will meet his district's needs by giving roughly the same the

        first year and even more the second. I will be attempting to get in contact

        with Carol and the school board's association afterwards.



        Talis is heading back to Juneau by Monday. We can make an announcement

        about the state filing a protest with the Indian Gaming Commission. I will

        talk to Stolze today and maybe call Begich to check his tolerance level for

        doing something public.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2007 8:26 AM

        To: Michael A Tibbles

        Subject: Re: education



        This should be good, really a win-win for all. I'm going for a run be I woke

        up wigging about all the stuff on our plates and before I panic even more

        I'd better sweat some of it out.



        I have the utmost faith in you and this educ proposal. I want Comeau by our

        side on it. And we need a win even with Agia with this - tho I know you

        already know this.

                                                        3



                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0001370
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         (We also need a win on the Eklutna gaming issue and Talis' confirmation -

        and I hate the veiled threat coming from the two legislators on that one.)




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Mike Tibbles <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date:   Fri, 27 Apr 2007 18:15:25

        To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: education



        I would like to talk to have a more serious conversation with legislators

        this weekend about education funding.    We do have a new proposal that does

        not reduce the BSA. At this point, we have not passed out numbers to anyone

        until we have a chance to walk you through the proposal and get your OK. We

        have a great opportunity to introduce a bill that       addresses the local school

        district' s needs and gives them certainty and sign the supplemental bill

        with the $1 Billion savings for.education early next week.




        Do you have any time to talk about education before you leave tomorrow?




        Mike




                                                        4



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001371
