Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:     Tuesday, May 01, 2007 2:57 PM
             To:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Re: FW: Halcro Blog
            jim bowles just called - said they're running ads starting tomorrow, i asked him why they feel
            they have to do that? to top it off he gave me the head's up that not only will they be running
            ads, but that in a few days all three producers together will run ads - he wasn't specific in what
            they said, but the three want to "work together".

           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             "Lt. Governor Sean Parnell " <sr parnell@gov.state.ak.us> wrote:

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                            et me know your thoughts when
              you have time. Scan


              From: Kate Morgan [mailto: kate morgan @gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent: Tuesday, May 01, 2007 2:22 PM
              To: 'S Parnell'
              Cc: 'Jay Pullins '; 'Kelly Clifton'; ' Kris Showalter'; 'Kate Morgan'
              Subject: Halcro Blog
              Importance: High


              The Lt. Governor and a moment of opportunity
              By Andrew Halcro
              It was a question that was whispered quietly during the first few weeks of AGIA
              testimony. During the last few weeks of AGIA testimony, the question has been raised
              publicly. Where is the voice of Lt. Governor Sean Parnell?
              From talk show hosts to legislators to journalists, Parnell's noticeable absence during the
              debate over AGIA has many wondering why. After all, as one local columnist wrote
              rhetorically, wasn't he considered the brains of the organization when it came to oil &
              gas.
              At least that was the hope. And for awhile hope was plentiful.
              On day one of Governor Sarah Palin's administration, Parnell was a high profile in meet
              and greets with the oil & gas industry concerning the construction of an Alaska Natural
              Gas Pipeline. For pipeline advocates this was a reassuring sign, as Parnell with his calm,
              cool operating style and his history as a respected legislator, was considered the greatest
              hope to provide a counterbalance in an incoming administration known to be openly
              hostile towards the oil & gas industry.
              After the election, Parnell was instantly embraced by given a key role in handling budget
              matters during the transition. He became Governor Palin's wingman on fiscal issue for
              press conferences and talk show appearances.
              Whenever the Governor was asked a question of any magnitude about state finances,



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0001438
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


              she'd step back almost on cue and Parnell's voice instantly filled the void. His previous
              experience of serving eight years in the legislature, including two years as the powerful Senate
              Finance Co-Chair, gave him the street credibility to talk about Alaska's fiscal outlook. However,
              as soon as the budget was handed off to the legislature, he disappeared.
              Two weeks ago before I a meeting with the Governor's gas line team, Parnell made his position
              known. I've heard people ask where I am and I'll tell you I'm behind the Governor and AGIA, he
              said. During the last two weeks, Parnell has become more of a visible pitchman for AGIA.
              He penned an Op/Ed entitled "Turn the Private Sector Loose", which has been published in local
              newspapers. Yesterday at a press conference, he offered his first public quote on AGIA saying,
              "These producers treat the legislative process as a negotiation". But when you hear his voice and
              read his words, someone has to ask, does he really believe in AGIA.
              During his term in Juneau, Parnell was a key legislator who participated in crafting the Stranded
              Gas Act as well as the development agreement terms that made the Northstar field a reality.
              Ironically, both deals recognized the need for give and take to encourage development,
              something that AGIA lacks.
              He was always a small government guy whose belief rested in the fact that government didn't
              know best. During his final two years as a State Senator was the driving force behind adopting
              missions and measures for state government so the legislature could more accurately analyze the
              bang they were getting for their buck.
             During a particularly tough budget year in 1999 when criticism was mounting that Alaska wasn't
             doing enough to invest in necessary services, he offered up a moving response. In a speech that
             was dubbed "Rachel's Hands" Parnell argued tough decisions had to be made because he wanted
             to protect his daughter by not saddling her with a government she couldn't pay for when she
             grew up.
             Since that speech, oil production has declined over 40% and the cost of state government has
             almost doubled due to higher operating costs and changing demographics. By all accounts, the
             sense of urgency for Alaska to get a pipeline deal is now and that's what makes Parnell's
             unequivocal support for AGIA so confusing.
             In his recent Op/Ed, he promotes AGIA by advocating the benefits of a new approach. However,
             I couldn't get past the first paragraph with a straight face. Parnell opens his opinion piece by
             writing, "It astonishes me that Alaska's political pundits think it is up to the state to get a gasline.
             Government doesn't make private sector projects happen, the private sector does".
             However, if you truly believe the private sector makes projects happen, then AGIA ought to
             scare the hell out of you. As it is designed today, AGIA represents government - not the private
             sector- establishing a list of unrealistic demands with the threat of take it or will try and make
             you take it anyway.
             After all, if you really believe the private sector makes projects happen, you recognize the fact
             that the private sector does so only after evaluating all relevant financial and legal risks. If you
             believe the private sector drives development, you recognize that the more complex and riskier
             the project, the more need for flexibility and stability, not less. If you believe the private sector
             that makes projects happen, you understand that government bureaucrats are the last people that
             should be forcing poorly thought out development terms down the throat of the private sector.
             However AGIA violates all of the fundamental premises that Parnell argues for in his Op/Ed
             piece and certainly contradicts his legislative and personal history. In the legislature as a
             respected leader, he recognized the need for diplomacy and negotiations to create partnerships
             with the private sector. And as a former small business owner, Parnell understands the risks
             associated with opening your doors for business every day.
             In the last few days, with both AGIA bills in the House and Senate Finance Committees, the
             testimony has become more and more direct. All major producers have said without some basic
             changes to AGIA they will not offer a bid. Yesterday, Enbridge Pipeline Company repeated
             what it has consistently said since day one; no producers - no pipeline. Ironically, the changes



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0001439
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 3 of 3


              the private sector is advocating for would recognize Parnell's argument he attempted to make in
              his Op/Ed piece; the private sector, not government will make a pipeline happen.
              Maybe Parnell's AGIA contradiction has to do with being a team player . Maybe it has to do with
              political expediency or maybe he is a true believer in AGIA. In any case, if AGIA is actually
              going to work, it needs changes.
              Without some changes, Alaska could choose a partner who has no gas, no credit and no way to
              finance the project. To add insult to injury, according to the terms of AGIA, Alaska could be
              stuck with this same non preforming partner for up to 11 years as well be liable for almost a
              billion dollars in penalties if we want to get out of the deal.
              Lt. Governor Parnell , you have a chance to be a hero and protect the hands of every Alaskan,
              young and old alike.


              Kate Morgan
              Special Assistant/ Communications
              Office of Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell
              (907) 269-7460

             BEGIN:VCARD
             VERSION:2. I
             N:Morgan;Kate
             FN: kate morgan@gov. state. ak. us
             ORG:Office of the Lieutenant Governor
             TITLE: Communications Special Assistant
             TEL;WORK;VOICE:(907) 269-0328
             TEL;WORK;FAX:(907) 269-0263
             EMAIL;PREF;INTERNET:kate_morgan@gov. state.ak.us
             REV :20070108T 180708Z
             END: VCARD



            Ahhh ...imagining that irresistible "new car" smell?
            Check out new cars at Yahoo! Autos.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001440
