Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state . ak.us]
             Sent:     Tuesday, May 01, 2007 5:07 PM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: William Andrews

           Governor Palin,

           I wanted you to know that William stopped by my office this afternoon . We talked for nearly 45 minutes regarding
           his thoughts on the University , the Board of Regents , his plans after graduation , his internship with the
           Legislature , etc. He's top notch . Very humble, polite and articulate . He even took an opportunity to praise two of
           the other nominations and spoke to their exceptional qualifications (the nominees from Kenai and Mat-Su).

           William reiterated that the university needs to hold the line when it comes to spending and said that a lot of the
           university projects (as well as other state capital projects) are contingent upon getting a gasline built. He's a
           proponent of vocational education , keeping Alaskans in Alaska , conservative budgeting and spending , and living
           within our means . He believes the last two years the state has been very generous in both the operating and
           capital budget toward the university and can see why the state would want to curb spending this year.

           He's committed to fulfilling the two year requirement as a student regent and wouldn 't have applied if he didn't
           think he could fulfill the obligation to the administration and the board . He will be in Juneau for the next year
           where he will begin a master program in education /teaching and then spend a semester in Anchorage to student
           teach and then come back to Juneau to graduate . His long term goal is to move to Anchorage to be closer to his
           daughter.

           PS-I know you're going out of town this week . I'd be more than happy to stay with the girls if they wouldn't mind
           hanging out with me again.

           Thanks,

           Ivy Frye
           Director of Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           (907) 465-3500 office
           (907) 465-8110 fax




          8/24/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0001452
