Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, May 03, 2007 5:52 PM
         To:                       Annette E Kreitzer; Spencer; Kari L (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: National Day of Prayer proclamation


         I hope if there ' s criticism revc on this that it will be explained that I didn ' t write it
         - in fact I'll have to ask kari if I even signed it. Pls tell valley pastors that I'm
         sorry , and also exp that I didn ' t write it.




         -----Original Message-----

        From :   " Kreitzer , Annette \ ( Dept . of Admin\ )" < Annette_Kreitzer@admin . state.ak.us>

        Date: Thu ,   3 May 2007 16:35:02

        To:<gov. sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject : National Day of Prayer proclamation



        Governor:

         We don ' t know each other really well, and I ' m going out on a limb here , but the
        proclamation I read today for National Day of Prayer did not sound like you .      It was, and
        I apologize for my language here , mamby - pamby pabulum .  I did not have an opportunity to
        read it before around 10 a.m. this morning.




        After the Governor ' s Prayer Breakfast , and your statements there ( which I again heard much
        positive feedback on today from the pastors who were at the Day of Prayer gathering), the
        proclamation was almost embarrassing .    I am always honored to offer remarks on your behalf
        and I don't mean to sound ungrateful for the opportunity - but, you asked us to tell it to
        you straight and so , I'm believing that you meant that.




        I held onto this email for about 30 minutes before sending it. In that time, I was told
        the Valley pastors who gathered for National Day of . Prayer did not read the proclamation
        because of the wording . I guess that ' s my confirmation that I should hit the send
        button.




        Thanks for all that you do and I know you're working hard on other                    issues , but I have been
                                                     1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0001526
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         a witness to what happens when a Governor is insulated from any criticism. I believe you
         can be an incredibly successful Governor.



        ak




                                                       2



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0001527
