Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Kreitzer, Annette (Dept . of Admin) [annette_kreifzer@admin . state. ak.us]
         Sent:                     Thursday, May 03, 2007 5:54 PM
        To.,                       gov.sarah@yahoo .com; Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
        Subject:                   RE: National Day of Prayer proclamation


        Governor:

        It was reported to me this way, so let me be sure that in fact the pastors didn't read it
        and we can figure out a way to say that you didn't see it before it went out. (Your
        machine signature, I think, is what's on it).

        ak



         -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Thursday, May 03, 2007 5:52 PM

        To: Kreitzer, Annette (Dept. of Admin);               Kari L Spencer

        Subject: Re: National Day of Prayer proclamation



        I hope if there's criticism revc on this that it will be explained that I didn't write it
        - in fact I'll have to ask kari if I even signed it. Pls tell valley pastors that I'm
        sorry, and also exp that I didn't write it.




        -;---Original Message-----

        From: "Kreitzer, Annette \(Dept. of Admin\)" <Annette_Kreitzer@admin.state.ak.us>

        Date: Thu, 3 May 2007 16:35:02

        To:<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: National Day of Prayer proclamation



        Governor:

         We don't know each other really well, and I'm going out on a limb here, but the
        proclamation I read today for National Day of Prayer did not sound like you. it was, and
        I apologize for my language here, mamby-pamby pabulum. I did not have an opportunity to
        read it before around 10 a.m. this morning.




        After the Governor's Prayer Breakfast, and your statements there (which I again heard much
        positive feedback on today from the pastors who were at the Day of Prayer gathering), the
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0001522
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         proclamation was almost embarrassing .  I am always honored to offer remarks on your behalf
         and I don't mean to sound ungrateful for the opportunity - but, you asked us to tell it to
         you straight and so , I'm believing that you meant that.




        I held onto this email for about 30 minutes before sending it. In that time, I was told
        the Valley pastors who gathered for National Day of Prayer did not read the proclamation
        because of the wording. I guess that' s my confirmation that I should hit the send
        button.




        Thanks for all that you do and I know you're working hard on other issues , but I have been
        a witness to what happens when a Governor is insulated from any criticism. I believe you
        can be an incredibly successful Governor.



        ak




                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0001523
