Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
             Sent:    Friday, May 04, 2007 7:02 AM
             To:      Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:      Bishop ; Samuel T (GOV); 'Michael Tibbles'; 'Governor Sarah Palin'
             Subject: Subsistence/Kenai - PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGE
             As we agreed, I spoke with Senator Stevens' staff in the aftermath of our
             internal discussion yesterday concerning subsistence use on the Kenai.

             The staff liked the various elements we discussed - letter to the Secretary,
             further advocacy at the FSB followed by possible litigation, and some sort
             of rider in the appropriations process. The staff will be meeting among
             themselves this afternoon to discuss these options and one other variant -
             prohibiting funding to the FSB until the regulations concerning customary
             trade and closures have been finalized.

             The staff reiterated that the Senator is quite upset about recent FSB
             decisions. Accordingly, they are not prepared as yet to rule out a simple rider
             in the appropriations process that would declare the Kenai Peninsula as non-
             rural for subsistence purposes.

             I should also mention that the Senator has talked previously with Secretary
             Kempthorne about the Kenai situation. However, for several reasons, neither
             the staff nor I believe that the Secretary or Deputy Secretary is prepared to
             intervene with the FSB, except perhaps to demand completion of the closure
             and CT regulations that were requested much earlier.

            In this regard, the Deputy Secretary is now reviewing a draft of closure
            regulations submitted to her recently by the FSB. The State's comments on
            earlier drafts have been provided to her.

            When I know more at this end, I'll be back in touch.


            Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
            iwkatzQalaskadc.org. Thank you.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001568
