Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1


             Unknown
              From :   Mike Tibbles [mike _tibbles@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:     Monday, May 07, 2007 8:42 AM
             To:       Karleen K Jackson; Governor Sarah Palin; Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
             Subject: RE: Health Council Co-Chair
             Karleen,

             Please proceed lPrivileged or Personal Material ^ I appreciate your willingness to serve as chair and I
             know you will do a great job. will also ask Anna to check in with you to see if there is any additional
             support you need as we work on health policy going forward. Thank you.
             Mike


             From : Jackson, Karleen [mailto:karleen_jackson@health.state.ak.us]
             Sent: Monday, May 07, 2007 8:07 AM
             To: 'Gov. Sarah Palin'; mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us; 'Ivy Frye'
             Subject: Health Council Co-Chair

             Governor -

            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                Please let me know
            whether or not to proceed in that way.

            Ivy -

            I still need the following to get the Council going : contact info for Todd so we can discuss scheduling of
            meeting times/places ; a list of the people who have been asked to serve on the Council (along with their
            contact info); and an updated list of all those who applied for the Council so they can be contacted to
            provide input and/or serve on sub-committees . I'm hearing rumors about who was appointed and that a
            press release is imminent, but I don ' t have the final list of members with contact info - and have nothing
            other than names for a couple of the Fairbanks and Wasilla members.

            All -

            FYI, the department will be launching a Health Council website to provide Internet access to info on
            meetings of the Council, opportunities for public input, and ongoing work by the Council. Our plan is to
            have links on both the Governor's website and the department website to ensure stakeholders can find it
            easily.

            Thanks for all your work on this Council. I look forward to receiving the information needed to get the
            Council up and working - and to delivering a report to the Governor and Legislature by January 1, 2008.
            Karleen




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001680
