Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown

        From :                    Kari Spencer [kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Monday, May 07, 2007 2:52 PM
        To:                       Governor Sarah Palin
        Subject :                 RE: Elections


        Dear Ms. DeHuff , what dates will you be in Juneau?



        Kari Spencer

        Governor's Scheduler

        907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax

        in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.




        -----Original Message-----

        From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, May 06, 2007 2:37 PM

        To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Elections



        Web mail from: Ms .     Pattie DeHuff

        address: 20 Lynn Avenue Terryville CT 06786

         860-584-0669



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,



        My daughter, Julie M. Halvorsen, is a flight attendant with Alaska Airlines. She informed
        me that during

        the campaign season she had met you twice on flights of hers. She also informed me that
        she, and her

        husband Kevin, had watched you on telvision during the debates and they both liked your
        ideas, especially

        those on education, very much.



        My husband and I will be coming to Alaska during the third week of June. It will be our
        first trip.  I

        am not very much of an outdoor kind of girl. However, I am very interested in good
                                                                1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0001710
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        government, having

        served on a Board of Education and a Charter Revision Commission , as well as having
        graduated both Julie,

        and her older sister Jenny, from homeschool.



        Would it be possible for me to meet you? Do you have any set time when you meet the
        public? Would I

        need to schedule a particular time or would you have just a moment for me to have my
        picture taken with

        you whenever we make it down to Juneau?



        I realize that you are a very busy woman and I can tell from having watched your
        inauguration speech on

       C-Span, that you are a very focused and dedicated woman. I would not expect you to take
       any time to

       discuss the multiple issues of education or politics. I would just like to be able to have
       a picture to

       show my boss , Atty. Dean Kilbourne , who happens to be the Democratic Town Committee
       Chairman in Bristol,

       CT.   As a fellow Republican, it would bring me great delight!



       Sincerely,

       Pattie DeHuff



       PatieAmiga@aol.com




                                                        2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0001711
