Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

              From :    Mike Barnhill [Mike. Barnhill@ law.state . ak. us]
              Sent:     Tuesday, May 08 , 2007 1:35 PM
              To:       Christopher G Clark; John W Bitney; Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Michael A Tibbles; Sarah Palin
              Cc:       Deborah Behr; Devon ; Shannon L (GOV)
              Subject: Re: On filling a vacancy in the legislature
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


              Mike B.

              >>> Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo .com> 05/08 1:29 PM >>>
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Christopher Clark <christopher dark@gov.state.ak.us> wrote:

                Karl, John, and Mike:

                A governor has up to 30 days to fill a vacancy in the legislature after a lawmaker leaves office
                before finishing his or her term . She must pick someone of the same party as the departing
                lawmaker.

                The political party from the departing lawmaker 's district may give the governor a list of
                nominees.

                The governor may choose from that list.

                The governor must call a special election to fill a vacant senate seat for an unexpired senate
                term of more than two years and five months.

                I've highlighted the appropriate constitutional and statutory references below.

                I've asked the Department of Law to provide a better and more definitive response to this
                matter. As soon as I get one, I'll send it to you.

                Chris




               Alaska Constitution , Article II, Section 4 - Vacancies.

               A vacancy in the legislature shall be filled for the unexpired term as provided by law. If no
               provision is made , the governor shall fill the vacancy by appointment.


               Alaska Statute

               Sec. 15.40.320. Condition and time for filling vacancy by appointment.
               When a vacancy occurs in the state legislature, the governor. within 30 days, shall appoint a



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0001721
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


               qualified person to fill the vacancy . However, if the remainder of the term of the predecessor in office
               will expire or if a vacancy in the state senate will be filled by a special election before the legislature will
               next meet, convene, or reconvene, the governor may not fill the vacancy.

               Sec. 15 .40.330. Q ualification and confirmation of appointee.
               -(a) The appointee shall meet the qualifications of a member of the legislature as prescribed in
               Sec. 2, art. I I of the state constitution, shall be a member of the same political party as that which
               nominated the predecessor in office , and shall be subject to confirmation by a majority of the
               members of the legislature who are members of the same political party which nominated the
               predecessor in office and of the same house as was the predecessor in office . If the predecessor
               in office was not nominated by a political party or if no other member of the predecessor's political party
               is a member of the predecessor's house of the legislature, the governor may appoint any qualified
               person. If the appointee is not a member of a political party, the appointment is not subject to
               confirmation. If the appointee is a member of a political party, the appointment is subject to confirmation
               as provided by this section for the confirmation of political party appointees.

               -(b) A member of a political party is a person who supports the political program of a party. The
               filing for office of a candidate as an independent or no-party candidate does not preclude a candidate
               from being a member of a political party. Recognition of an independent or no-party candidate as a
               member of a party caucus of members of the legislature at the legislative session following the election
               of the independent or no-party candidate is recognition of that person's party membership at the time
               filings were made by party candidates for the preceding general election.

               Sec. 15.40.360 . Term of appointed representative.

               If the vacancy is in the state house of representatives, the appointment shall be for the remainder of the
               unexpired term.

               Sec. 15.40.370. Conditions for full , unexpired term senate appointment.

               If the vacancy is for an unexpired senate term of two years plus five full calendar months or less, the
               appointment shall be for the remainder of the unexpired term.

               Sec. 15.40.380 . Conditions for part-term senate appointment and special election.

               If the vacancy is for an unexpired senate term of more than two years and five full calendar
               months, the governor shall call a special election by proclamation . and the appointment shall
               expire on the date the state senate first convenes or reconvenes following the certification of the
               results of the special election by the director.

               Sec. 15.40.460. Selection of political party nominees.

               The nominees of political parties may be selected by the respective party district committee or
               by any other manner as provided by the party bylaws , and the petition shall be signed by the
               chairperson of the party district committee or by any other party official designated by the party
               bylaws.




             Looking for earth -friendly autos?
             Browse Top Cars by " Green Rating " at Yahoo! Autos' Green Center.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0001722
