Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin [governor©gov. state.ak.us]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, May 08, 2007 2:46 PM
         To:                       Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: General Administration


         FYI.

         -Michelle



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent : Monday, May 07, 2007 6:58 PM

         To: governor@gov.state.ak.us

         Subject: General Administration



         Web mail from: Mr. DAvid Yuhas

         address: PO Box 1034 Boulder CO 80306




         MESSAGE:

         Distinguished Western Governors,



         By now you will all know my plan for having the Western Governors Assn take over
         operational control of

         the US Forest Service from the USDA.



         A big step in that direction would be the Disaster Relief proposal I have for the WGA for
         Greensburg,

         Kansas.



         The idea here is that the WGA would sponsor a three-week recycling program for Greensburg
         in which the

         WGA would set up a compound for 400 able-bodied locals to work 18, ten hours days at $12
         per hour, paid

         in the hand at the end of every day, to recycle all wood, metal, paper & glass.



         The WGA would set up a compound consisting of one, big Renaissance -type tent which would
                                                                  1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0001730
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         be used as a

         dining hall for the workers, plus a number of smaller tents with cots, as dorms for the
         workers, plus

         toilets, showers. . .plus flat beds & skips. . .so that at the end of three weeks, all
         Greensburg would be as

         neat as a pin.



         The performance of FEMA, suffering without the leadership of Yours truly,                    an American
         Original, can be

         expected to be as lackluster as it previous effort in New Orleans. The WGA has a Golden
         Opportunity to

         put itself on the map here .          "It's an ill wind that blows no good",         as the saying goes..



         I urge all of the Governors of the WGA to get in touch with the organization...& not let
         this town of a

        member state go the way of New Orleans.



        Regards, David Yuhas, Boulder, Colorado



        p.s.  Let it be noted, just as I have contended, that the Kansas National Guard. . .with its
        flatbeds,

        other trucks & humvees are now in short supply being currently out of the country.



        davidyuhas@hotmail.com




                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001731
