Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


             Unknown
             From :    Sarah Palin [gov.sarah @yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Wednesday, May 09 , 2007 4:01 PM
             To:      S R Parnell ; Stapleton ; Meghan N (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject: Re: AGIA and Compass piece
             no problem - and let me ask Meg if she feels we need more ammo in final days.

            FYI I just told NewsMiner that I'd have to veto AGIA if it got "gutted" and the "shalls" were
            turned into "mays" before the legislation was adopted... because then AGIA would do us no good
            - it would not have parameters, it would lead to futility as the last negotiations led to, and it
            wouldn't be fair to AK nor to applicants... too much "discretion" (ie potentially undue influence)
            could play too big a factor in selection process if we don't have must-have requirements and rules
            to follow.

             "LI. Governor Sean Parnell" <sr parnell@gov state.ak.us> wrote:

              Governor,

              Around May 2"d I told you I was going to write a piece for the ADN related to AGIA/Andrew
              Halcro. I apologize that I did not get to it. (I taped the piece for the weekly update last week that's
              now on your web site , but I didn 't get the opportunity to write between moving our family and
              traveling between here , Anchorage and Fairbanks.

              Do you still want me to do draft a Compass piece or do we now have enough firepower going
              into these final days.

              Sean



            We won't tell. Get more on shows you hate to love
            (and love to hate): Yahoo! TV's Guilty Pleasures list.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0001754
