Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

              From :      Sarah Pal!n [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent:       Wednesday, May 09, 2007 1:32 PM
              To:      PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: RE: Alliance and the Rep. Samuels' Working Group
             I'm being told "no".

             Individually gasline team folks have/are meeting with leg leaders whom the bodies send our way
             (last night Stedmen and Chenault wanted to talk to me and Tib about "shalls" and "mays"), but
             no meetings with the sub-committee of 7 members that Harris mistakenly claimed we were
             meeting with - Harris even wrote a letter of correction after misspeaking.



             "Lt Governor Sean Parnell" <,sr_parne1I(gov state.aL us> wrote:

               Well said! The next time you speak with Pat, Tom, Marty, John, and Mike, you probably should
               ask whether they are meeting with the group ( or a substantial portion of it).


               From: Sarah Palin [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
               Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2007 12:11 PM
               To: Sarah Palin; Lt. Governor Sean Parnell
               Subject: Re: Alliance and the Rep. Samuels' Working Group

               makes us sound like liars b/c we just said Harris misspoke when claiming we were meeting with
               sub-group. we're not, never have, ugh!

              Sarah Palln <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:
              thank you very much.

              they're here in the capitol and it's bad stuff they're saying... as you can imagine

               "Lt. Governor Sean Parnell" <sr parnell@gov state.akkus> wrote:
                GOVERNOR, BELOW IS AN EMAIL FROM THE ALLIANCE TALKING ABOUT
                DISCUSSIONS BETWEEN OUR ADMINISTRATION AND THE REP. SAMUELS'
                WORKING GROUP. IT PERPETUATES IN A SUBTLE WAY THE PICTURE THAT
                DISCUSSIONS ARE GOING ON BEHIND CLOSED DOORS WITH THIS WORKING
                GROUP. I'M NOT SURE WHAT MEETINGS ARE TRANSPIRING BUT THOUGHT
                YOU SHOULD SEE THIS. SEAN

                                               ALLIANCE JUNEAU UPDATE
                                                        5.9.07


                       SB 104 (AGIA)
                        Senate Finance reviewed a proposed committee substitute (CS) for SB-104, the
                         Senate version of AGIA. Changes were mostly made by the administration.

                        Most of the administration ' s changes in SB-104 were technical , but one includes
                         a shortening of the performance deadline . Project sanctioning by a licensee



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0001756
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


                      lacking sufficient financing must be complete in five years from the time of an ooDen
                      season rather than five years from receiving a FERC certificate,

                     The draft defines " sanction" as a firm commitment of at least $1 billion to the project.

                    Language was included that a 300 % penalty to the state for assisting a "competing"
                      project is the maximum compensation a licensee would receive . In other words, a
                      licensee , by accepting the treble damages , would be prevented from suing the State of
                      Alaska for additional damages.

                   Informal AGIA working group
                    Press reports that the informal AGIA committee , comprised of House and Senate
                     members, have been disbanded are untrue . Legislators involved in the effort say
                     discussions between the working group and the Administration continue.

                    Representing the legislature on the working group discussing AGIA fixes with the
                     administration are Sens . Charlie Huggins , Bert Stedman and Lyman Hoffman and Reps.
                     Ralph Samuels , Mike Chenault, Mike Kelly and Reggie Joule.

                    Focus of the discussions is changes aimed at increasing competition in the bidding
                      process . Many legislators are concerned that prescriptive bidding requirements in the
                      current drafts of the two bills could result in as few as two applications for the state
                      license : MidAmerican and the Alaska Gasline Port Authority.

                    Another concern has been the provision restricting the proposed state pipeline
                     coordinator's services to streamline the permitting process to the state license holder at
                     the possible expense of a competing project . Revenue Commissioner Pat Galvin told
                     Senate Finance there's nothing in the bill that would prohibit the legislature from
                     establishing another pipeline coordinator position to expedite competing projects.

                   Special session? .
                    A special session to review and potentially revise the Petroleum Profits Tax (PPT) is likely
                     in early fall. Fifteen House Democrats sent a letter to Gov. Palin yesterday asking for the
                     session in the wake of reports that some votes on the bill, as it was enacted last year,
                     were influenced illegally. Palin replied she is favorable of the idea.

                    The 2006 special sessions that produced the PPT were contentious and highly-charged.
                     A 2007 special session reviewing the law is likely to be the same.

                    Adoption of the PPT to replace the former gross profits-based calculation for production
                     taxes yielded nearly $900 million in additional state revenues in FY 2007, and it was the
                     largest tax increase in state history. It's unclear whether legislators will seek to refund the
                     additional monies resulting from PPT, which they are now in the process of spending.

                    The two AGIA bills could move out of their respective Finance committees as early as
                      today, with floor action to follow. Unlike other recent high-profile legislation , the AGIA bills
                      aren't expected to trigger a floor fight in either body.



             Bored stiff? Loosen up...
             Download and play hundreds of games for free on Yahoo! Games.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0001757
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


               It's here! Your new message!
               Get new email alerts with the free Yahoo! Toolbar.



             TV dinner still cooling?
             Check out "Tonight's Picks" on Yahoo! TV.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0001758
