Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1




             Unknown

              From :     Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state. ak.us]
              Sent:    Wednesday , May 09, 2007 8:37 AM
              To:      'Sarah Palin'; 'mike tibbles@gov .state.ak.us; 'Todd Palin'
              Subject: FW: more from today' s news-miner

            From Melissa Step.

            Darroll Hargraves will resign from the Local Boundary Commission . This will be another key person we can plug
            in. We still are actively searching for someone to fill the Fairbanks /Interior seat.


            From: Melissa M. Stepovich [ mailto: melisso stepovich@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2007 8:35 AM
            To: Ivy 3 Frye
            Subject: more from today' s news-miner



            Boundary commission makeup shifts
            Staff Report
            Published May 9, 2007

            The faces are changing at the state ' s Local Boundary Commission.

            Chairman Darroll Hargraves announced last week that he will step down from the commission this
            summer. The news follows the April resignation of Tony Nakazawa, who until last month represented
            the state's Fourth Judicial District - which includes Fairbanks - for four years on the commission.

            The Local Boundary Commission considers proposals to create, or alter the boundaries of, municipal
            governments.

            Hargraves, a Wasilla resident, is leaving in order to "seek new business opportunities and political
            options that may be available to me in coming months."

            Nakazawa left the commission April 30. A former director of the University of Alaska Fairbanks
            Cooperative Extension Service, he is in the process of moving to southcentral Alaska to take a post at
            the UAF Palmer Research and Extension Center.

            Nakazawa said the commission and its staff have a difficult job. "We're fortunate to have those people,
            the ones that have served before and the ones that will come in the future."




             8/26/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI 0001771
