Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


             Unknown
             From :     Patrick Galvin [patrick_galvin@revenue.state.ak.us]
             Sent :     Friday, May 11, 2007 12:01 AM
             To:        Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); Sarah Palin; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Bitney;
                        John W (LAA); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
             Subject: RE: AGIA Press Availability Tomorrow?
             Sounds like a good idea, Meg. I don't know what time would work, but Bitney would
             have the best estimate.

             -Pat


            From : Meghan Stapleton [mailto : meghan_stapleton @gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thursday, May 10, 2007 5:43 PM
            To: 'Sarah Palin '; 'Tom E Irwin'; 'Patrick Galvin'; 'Marty Rutherford'; 'John Bitney'; 'Michael A Tibbles'
            Cc: 'Sharon Leighow'; meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us
            Subject: AGIA Press Availability Tomorrow?

            Hadn't heard back regarding a press conference tomorrow on AGIA, but since it's already
            after 5:30pm...

            There are so many reasons to do a press conference - I'll defer to all of you who are living
            and breathing AGIA in the halls, but one thought is that with the session nearing an end,
            and the massive interest from the media in daily updates (and the assumption from some In
            the media that the Governor would be making daily comments on AGIA over the final couple
            of weeks), let's do a press availability tomorrow thankful for forward movement of AGIA (as
            it happens), acknowledging the final days and assumed passage. It can be this week's
            "weekly gasline briefing" with the same message scheduled for tomorrow, but with access
            for the media to the Governor and the gasline team in one area versus chasing everyone
            down throughout the whole day - from Juneau to Anchorage. It's fantastic continued PR
            with media, with the public (ultimately), and may save everyone time in terms of
            coordinating one dedicated half hour to answering the myriad questions out there. They are
            all questions that would need answering anyway...

            Again, I'll defer to the Juneau schedule, but my thought is early afternoon... as long as no
            one is meeting.

            Please let me know.

            Thanks,
            meg




            Meghan N. Stapleton
            Communications Director
            Office of Governor Sarah Palin
            907.269.7450 0
            907.269.7463 f
            907.321.4975 c




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_000181I
