Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From :    Kreitzer, Annette (Dept. of Admin)
                        [/O=DEC/OU=JUNEAU/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AN NETTE_KREITZER3
              Sent:     Thursday, May 10, 2007 12:22 PM
              To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com; govpalin@gov.state.ak.us
              Subject: Cabinet questions re APOC electronic filing

            Governor:
            In the last Cabinet meeting I promised I would get back to you on why we need $350,000 for
            the electronic filing of disclosure statements. You said you had not a problem filing your
            reports during your last campaign and wondered exactly why we need the additional funds
            and what cost savings might be achieved if APOC no longer has to key in information on these
            reports.

            In 2003, APOC requested funding to only handle the Campaign Disclosure information
            electronically. When I was appointed and reviewing APOC's request for $350,000 of additional
            money for this year, I asked for a status update on the previous appropriation. Basically,
            there's little to show for it. We will aggressively manage this project if the funding is
            maintained in the budget. It needs to be done, I know you want it done so that the public can
            see who contributes to whom and "follow the money."

            The current system will not survive another election year, and it's an imperfect system that
            only addresses one piece of the reporting requirements. If the system is not updated, APOC
            will revert to a paper-only agency. Information currently available to users on the APOC
            WebPages would not be updated. This would not be in keeping with your philosophy of open
            government.

           In terms of savings, Campaign Disclosure Statements range from one page (such as a
           registration statement, or an exemption statement) to 500 pages (such as a report by a
           gubernatorial candidate.) In many cases the quality of the handwriting is very poor, so each
           page takes longer to enter. In an election year, Brooke Miles, APOC Executive Director,
           estimates that 65% of the personal services resources of APOC ($660.4 FY 07) are expended
           in the data entry process.

           Of course, there is other work APOC does, which is unrelated to the automation of these
           reports including investigating complaints and providing training.

           As you are likely aware, HB 109 has been amended to require APOC to scan in handwritten
           information so that the public sees it timely. (Sec. 9. AS 15. 13.040 is amended by adding a new
           subsection to read:
            (p) Information required by this chapter that is submitted to the commission on paper and not
           electronically shall be electronically scanned and published on the Internet by the commission, in a
           format accessible to the general public, within two working days after the commission receives the
           information.




            8/31/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0001801
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2



           I hope this information answers your questions and I can provide additional backup if you
           would like it.
           ak




           8/31/2009

                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0001802
