Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :       Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.comj
             Sent:        Saturday, May 12, 2007 3:17 PM
             To:          Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); talis.colberg@law. state.ak.us; Irwin; Tom E
                          (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
             Cc:          Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV); john_bitney@gov.state .ak.us; Clark; Christopher G (GOV); Leighow;
                          Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:    Fwd: FW: VECO and PPT questions and synopsis of your answers to reporters
             Importance: High
             With so much on everyone's plate with AGIA, I would anticipate the need for independent
             consultants to come in and help us answer the questions on PPT. The public will certainly be
             waiting to hear where we're going on this issue, as it's becoming clearer the PPT rate may have
             been adopted via undue pressure from the oil industry.

            With my public statements made on revisiting PPT, and the legislators who support (and are
            calling for) a special session on PPT, we'll need to hustle on strategy re: who we use and when
            we get them in here to work with DOR, DNR and Law to get to the bottom of PPT, and to
            consider gross taxes if that's what's best for Alaska.

            Thanks Mike. Let's talk soon about this with commissioners.

            Note: forwarded message attached.


            Looking for a deal? Find great prices on flights and hotels with Yahoo! FareChase.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0001833
