Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From:    Sarah Patin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Saturday, May 12, 2007 3:25 PM
             To:      Kreitzer, Annette (Dept. of Admin)
             Cc:      mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us
             Subject: Re: Cabinet questions re APOC electronic filing
             thank you Commissioner Kreitzer.

            Hopefully APOC will fully utilize the tools we'll be providing the agency so we can all work
            together to build trust between voters and their government.

            thanks!

             "Kreitzer, Annette (Dept. ofAdmin)" -Annette Kreitzer@admin.state.ak.us> wrote:

              Governor:
              In the last Cabinet meeting I promised I would get back to you on why we need
              $350,000 for the electronic filing of disclosure statements. You said you had not
              a problem filing your reports during your last campaign and wondered exactly
              why we need the additional funds and what cost savings might be achieved if
              APOC no longer has to key in information on these reports.

              In 2003, APOC requested funding to only handle the Campaign Disclosure
              information electronically. When I was appointed and reviewing APOC's request
              for $350,000 of additional money for this year, I asked for a status update on
              the previous appropriation. Basically, there's little to show for it. We will
              aggressively manage this project if the funding is maintained in the budget. It
              needs to be done, I know you want it done so that the public can see who
              contributes to whom and "follow the money."

              The current system will not survive another election year, and it's an imperfect
              system that only addresses one piece of the reporting requirements. If the
              system is not updated, APOC will revert to a paper-only agency. Information
              currently available to users on the APOC WebPages would not be updated. This
              would not be in keeping with your philosophy of open government.

             In terms of savings, Campaign Disclosure Statements range from one page
             (such as a registration statement, or an exemption statement) to 500 pages
             (such as a report by a gubernatorial candidate.) In many cases the quality of
             the handwriting is very poor, so each page takes longer to enter. In an election
             year, Brooke Miles, APOC Executive Director, estimates that 65% of the personal
             services resources of APOC ($660.4 FY 07) are expended in the data entry
             process.

             Of course, there is other work APOC does, which is unrelated to the automation
             of these reports including investigating complaints and providing training.


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0001831
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2



              As you are likely aware, HB 109 has been amended to require APOC to scan in
              handwritten information so that the public sees it timely. (Sec. 9 . AS 15.13.040 is
              amended by adding a new subsection to read:
               (p) Information required by this chapter that is submitted to the commission on paper and not
              electronically shall be electronically scanned and published on the Internet by the commission,
              in a format accessible to the general public, within two working days after the commission
              receives the information.


              I hope this information answers your questions and I can provide additional backup if
              you would like it.
              ak




            Boardwalk for $500? In 2007? Ha!
            Play Monopoly Here and Now (it's updated for today's economy) at Yahoo! Games.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0001832
