Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
        From:                      Karen Rehfeld [ karen_rehfeld@ gov.state . ak.us]
        Sent:                      Tuesday, May 22, 2007 3:30 PM
        To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Cc:                        Talis J Colberg; Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney; Kristina Y Perry; Meghan N Stapleton
        Subject:                   Re: Budget


        Governor - great answer! To give you a little more background, the

        Department of Law will be reviewing all the appropriations in the

        operating and capital budgets.            I received a copy of the bill analysis

        they did for the appropriation bill last year, dated June 23, 2006 ( I

        would be happy to make a copy of the letter and leave it with Kari if

        you would like to look it over). Specifically on grants to religious

        entities they look for 3 things:



        1.    there must be a secular legislative purpose

        2.    the principal or primary effect must be one.that neither advances

        nor inhibits religion

        3.   it must not foster "an excessive government entanglement with religion"



        Schools are a bit of a different animal since there are specific

        constitutional provisions regarding private schools - Law is researching

        the issue.     There is case law on this topic as well.



        So, bottom line is that the title of the appropriation does not always

        tell the story - we are getting the back up and will be reviewing all of

        these prior to making recommendations to you. Hope this helps! KJR




        gov.sarah@yahoo. com wrote:



        >Hi Talis:  a reporter pointed out to me today at least three line items in the capital
        budget that sound "illegal" (he even cited chapter and verse of state law) because they
        deal with funding religious organizations/projects - sounds like Meyer plugged them into
        budget, incl a Christian school's request. I told KTW that Law will look at items before
        i would ever sign off - and that if they do in fact violate constitution I will veto the
        items.
                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0001973
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Karen J . Rehfeld

         Office of Management & Budget

         465-4660




                                                       2
