Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



              Unknown
              From:     Sean R Parnell [sr parnell@gov.state.ak.us]
              Sent:     Tuesday, May 22, 2007 4:34 PM
              To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: Rep. Mark Neumann/correspondence schools

            Governor,

            Rep. Neumann called today in a rather frustrated state. Rep. Neumann believes that parents of
            correspondence school courses ought to have more flexibility with money appropriated for
            non-core courses. When he asked Commissioner Sampson whether he would do this via
            regulation, the commissioner apparently suggested that Rep. Neumann do it via legislative
            change when the changes were made in regulation to begin with. (What bothered him is that
            Rep. Neumann says he was led to believe by Richard Mauer (?) that the changes would be on
            the Board of Education's agenda for its June meeting but apparently they have backed away
            from it. I asked him to provide a written proposal for change and he promised to do so. I will
            pass this along to you if he responds.

            Also, on another note, I asked him whether he had spoken with you on the topic. He said he
            set up multiple appointments and could never get in due to schedule changes. He said he
            complained to Bitney about it, asking him whether you were trying to send him a message (He
            said, "Did I do something to make the governor mad?") and John allegedly just said "No" that
            you were busy. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

            Sean




           8/24/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0001996
