Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From,                     John Bitney [john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us]
          Sent:                     Thursday, May 24, 2007 11:54 AM
          To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; 'Frank Bailey'; 'Michael A Tibbles'
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                                    (DOR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV);'Bruce_Anders@dnr.state.ak.us'
          Subject :                 RE: outside juneau

          Governor

          1.   Special session (just like regular sessions) are paid out of the

          Legislature's budget ... which is controlled by the Legislative Council.

          Senator John Cowdery is the chairman of the Council, which is comprised of 5

          Senators and 5 House members.



          To answer Frank Bailey: Communities (or anyone interested) should be

          contacting Senator Cowdery's office to discuss 'bids' or providing

          logistical information.



         Most legislators are appreciative that the Governor is willing to work with

          them to have a special session conducted outside of Juneau.



          2.   HB117, a bill requiring 30 days notice for special sessions ,                   is waiting

          for your signature.       The deadline is Monday... so I intend to schedule time

         with you today to discuss. The bill takes effect 90 days after your

         signature, so it will impact whatever spec-session we have this Fall.



         3.    Last -- I am amused at how much attention is being played on the

         potential location of the special session. Please know that I have far

         bigger fears and concerns regarding the success/outcome of a PPT bill. More

         on that later...



         I hope this helps. I am meeting with Harris, Cowdery, Kerttula, and Pam

         Varni over the next few days to get sense of how people want to see special

         session conducted.       My message to them is that we have to a) hold down

         costs, and b) make sure Alaskans feel included in the process so we can

         establish trust and fiscal stability in our state's petroleum tax system.
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0002036
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         John




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.saraheyahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent; Thursday, May 24, 2007 7:36 AM

         To: Frank Bailey; Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney

         Cc: Kristina Y Perry; Tom Irwin; Martha K Rutherford; Patrick S Galvin;

         Joseph R Balash; Bruce-Anders@dnr.state.ak.us

         Subject: Re: outside juneau



         Haven't even had time yet to go there - but you're right they should be.

         That was Gatto and Nueman's idea too as they discussed actually moving the

         legislature over the years.



         Bit - who's working on the leg's end of the idea of special session on rd

         system?    We told KTUU we'd have logistics to discuss/announce in a few wks.

         Tibbles      who do you want to assign this to - "figuring it all out" w/

         special session temporary relocation. Do you want the Anch office to tackle

         this? We've got some kick-butt folks who put together not only all the

         campaign logistics, but inaugural events, etc. And some of those folks are

         in our employ today!



         Bit - is the 30day notice now in place for special session calls?



         Im ccing gasline folks be they'll need to be in loop on steps towards

         special session be it's sounding more and more like there's going to be one.



         Obviously.




                                                         2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

         Date : Thu, 24 May 2007 01:03:25

         To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: outside juneau



         Governor,



         Is anyone soliciting bids from communities and putting together packages on

         what it would cost to run the Special on the road system? IMHO if some of

         these communities were on their toes they'd throw in a meeting hall and lots

         of offices for legislators and staff pro bono or competitively just to bring

         the special to their city,        whether that be Anchorage ,     Wasilla ,   Palmer,

         Fairbanks , or Soldotna.



         Just a thought.



         F




                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP0I_0002038
