Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, May 24, 2007 7:36 AM
         To:                       Frank Bailey; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA)
         Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tom E Irwin; Martha K Rutherford; Patrick S Galvin; Balash; Joseph
                                   R (GOV); Bruce F Anders
         Subject:                  Re: outside juneau


         Haven't even had time yet to go there - but you're right they should be. That was Gatto
         and Nueman's idea too as they discussed actually moving the legislature over the years.



         Bit - who's working on the leg's end of the idea of special session on rd system? We told
         KTW we'd have logistics to discuss/announce in a few wks. Tibbles - who do you want to
         assign this to - "figuring it all out" w/ special session temporary relocation. Do you
         want the Anch office to tackle this? We've got some kick-butt folks who put together not
         only all the campaign logistics, but inaugural events, etc. And some of those folks, are in
         our employ todayl



         Bit - is the 30day notice now in place for special session calls?



         Im ccing gasline folks be they'll need to be in loop on steps towards special session be
         it's sounding more and more like there's going to be one.

         Obviously.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: frank bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

        Date: Thu, 24 May 2007 01:03:25

        To:Sarah Palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: outside juneau



        Governor,



        is anyone soliciting bids from communities and putting together packages on what it would
        cost to run the Special on the road system? IMHO if some of these communities were on
        their toes they'd throw in a meeting hall and lots of offices for legislators and staff
        pro bono or competitively just to bring the Special to their city, whether that be
        Anchorage, Wasilla, Palmer, Fairbanks, or Soldotna.



        Just a thought.

                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI 0002040
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           F




                                                       2




                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0002041
