Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent :                    Wednesday, May 30, 2007 4:27 PM
         To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject :                 Fw: Rural Alaska Talking Points

         Follow Up Flag :          Follow up
         Flag Status :             Yellow




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Meghan Stapleton <meghan_ stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>

        Date: Wed, 30 May 2007 12:32:45

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Cc:'Kris Perry' <kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>,'Sharon Leighow'
        <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Rural Alaska Talking Points



        Governor,




        Below and attached are talking points that should be helpful during your visit Rural
        Alaska this weekend. Much of it should just refresh your memory. Nizich put this together
        for you.




        Cora and Nizich also promised information to me re: Dillingham talking points today. I
        should have them turned around for you by later today or tomorrow morning. We are pushing
        hard to get this information to you.




        Thank you,


                                                                     1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_ 0002098
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Meg




         Alaska Department of Fish and Game




         Rural Issues Talking Points



         May 28, 2007




         Commercial Fishing Issues:




         Lack of markets in remote rural areas.




         * Despite some improvement , substantial market difficulties still exist in remote rural
         areas for salmon and herring.

         * There are some bright spots .       For example , Ugashik set - netters appear to have pulled
                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0002099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        together adequate markets for their fish. The Yukon River this year will have a market
        for up to 100,000 pounds of summer chum salmon roe from Anvik and about 200,000 summer
        chum salmon from the lower Yukon. Kotzebue is expected to have a market for about 1
        million pounds.   In 2006, the Aleutian Islands had their first significant pink salmon
        harvest since 1999.   And the Coastal Villages Region Fund is planning a new fish
        processing plant at Platinum, which will allow better utilization of Kuskokwim area
        stocks.




        * And there are some problem areas. There were no herring fisheries in the AYK Region for
        2007, with the exception of 3-50 tons of herring for bait in Norton Sound. Limited
        markets for herring resulted in only about two thirds of the allowable harvest of herring
        being taken at Togiak in 2007. In the Westward Region, there's a lack of infrastructure
        such as dock space, public ice machines, dock cranes, etc. that would help small fishing
        operations develop markets for their catch.  And there still is little or no market for
        Kuskokwim River chum salmon. Both the Yukon and Kuskokwim Rivers will likely have
        harvestable surpluses of millions of chum salmon for which there is no market.




        ADF&G is working with local organizations on research and monitoring programs.




        * Community Development Quota (CDQ) groups are funding important projects in Bristol Bay
        and the AYK Region to study catch size, gather escapement data and do genetic research.
        We're working with the Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation, the Yukon Delta
        Fisheries Development Association, the Coastal Village Regional Fund, the Kuskokwim Native
        Association, the Norton Sound Economic Development Corporation, the Kodiak Regional
        Aquaculture Association and numerous others.  Many of these projects are funded by the
        federal office of Subsistence Management.




        ADF&G is working to improve communication with rural residents regarding fishery
        management.




        * The Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADF&G) has worked to develop numerous
        stakeholder groups with which to discuss fishery management and gain input from users.

        * Examples of these groups        and efforts include weekly Yukon River Drainage Fishery
        Association meetings, the        Kuskokwim River salmon Management Working Group, Prince William
        Sound Salmon Harvest Task        Force, Southeast Alaska Seine Harvest Task Force (and similar
        groups for the gillnet and        troll fisheries), and Kodiak herring fishery preseason
        stakeholder meetings.




                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0002100
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sport Fishing Issues:




         * Kodiak:



         * The rural town of Kodiak and six villages are concerned with the development of a
         limited entry program for fresh and saltwater guides .   Some residents support a limited
         entry system, while others do not . Some community members are concerned that a limited
         entry system will concentrate wealth and reduce the public's ability to receive charter
         services , which will ultimately hurt the local economy.

         * Sport anglers , commercial and subsistence fishermen are concerned about the Litnik
         sockeye return, which has crashed . These fisheries have been closed for the majority of
         the past 4 seasons.

         * Developing an enhancement project for king salmon along the Kodiak road system is an
         issue with Kodiak anglers , as well as anglers in Port Lions and Old Harbor , who would also
         like to see enhancement efforts in their communities.




         * Anchorage /North Gulf Coast / Prince William Sound:



        §         In these areas , many people are concerned about the impact of urban users on
        rural natural resources .  For example , in Prince William Sound, sport anglers with boats
        that can go farther from port to find prime halibut fishing areas are causing
        consternation with some rural users ( especially in areas like Chenega ).  They see
        recreational anglers in greater numbers or in new areas and the impact their presence has
        on the rural fishing experience .  Likewise, in Cordova, the new fast ferry makes it
        convenient for anglers to get to a once semi - inaccessible area and the growth of those
        fisheries is. likely to increase.



        §         In Prince William Sound , some residents are concerned that the federal
        subsistence halibut regulations will negatively impact their ability to sport fish
        halibut . This same issue regarding higher federal limits and means and methods for salmon
        is an issue on the Copper River Delta.




                                                         4




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0002101
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         * Kenai Peninsula:



         §         A number of rural users feel there are undue restrictions on their access to
         fish . In other words if they were the primary users they would be able to consumptively
         use the resource ( for example , with fall spawning closures for Dolly Varden in Upper Kenai
         tributaries or tight limits on upper Kenai Rainbow Trout).



         §         These same users object to the level of commercial harvest of northern bound
         sockeye and coho salmon in the central district.




                     Bristol Bay:



        §         Resource development ( mining and offshore oil and gas development ) and its
        impacts on fish and wildlife populations and on subsistence , recreational , and commercial
        fisheries are seen by many in the region as a threat .  This is especially true in regards
        to the possible development of the Pebble Mine and its potential impacts on the fish and
        wildlife resources of the Nushagak and Iliamna drainages.



        §         Some rural residents have . also expressed concern about the possible future
        implementation of limited entry on guided sport fisheries in the area and its impacts on
        opportunity and the local economy.



        §         The Kvichak drainage sockeye salmon is currently a Stock of Management Concern
        and recent low returns have impacted all user groups . Additionally , reductions of daily
        sport bag limits, based on escapements and in accordance with the Kvichak In-river Sockeye
        Salmon Management Plan have raised issues as to whether or not it will be necessary to
        reduce sport bag limits for conservation.




        * Interior:



        §          There is a perception among some rural residents that sport fisheries (or
        personal use and urban subsistence users ) compete with rural subsistence users ( and rural
        sport anglers ) for fishing and harvest opportunities.  This is usually the result of
        increasing use of an area by non-local (whether urban residents , non-residents or guided
        anglers ) and/or a decrease in subsistence fishing opportunity due to declining abundance
        of target species.



        §            Another area of concern is maintaining access to sport fisheries in rural areas
                                                         5




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0002102
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         and addressing some confusion by non-rural anglers as to which lands are public and which
         are private ( Native corporation and private ) when trying to participate in sport
         fisheries.




         Predator Management:




         * Due to tradition , preference , availability , as well as the high cost of store - bought
         foods , rural Alaskans depend heavily on harvesting wild game .   As such they are pragmatic
         about wildlife management and generally support predator management programs to increase
         the size of moose and caribou herds and to decrease competition between people and
         predators.

         * Many rural residents would like to see expanded efforts by the State to reduce predator
         densities in their area . However , it is less widely recognized that the high cost and
         time necessary for collecting scientific data needed to defend such programs affects our
         ability to plan and implement predator control in new areas.

         * Also , since predator control is not allowed on Fish & Wildlife Service or Park Service
         lands , the state cannot effectively reduce predation in regions of the state with large
         proportions of federal conservation unit lands.




         Subsistence:




         * The state provides a preference for all Alaskans for subsistence .  State subsistence
         regulations allow rural and non-rural residents to hunt and fish on all lands (private,
         state, and federal ) unless the federal government closes its lands to uses other than
         subsistence harvest by federally qualified individuals.

         * The state ' s approach protects the ability of rural residents who move to urban areas to
         continue subsistence activities in rural areas .   It also protects the ability of rural
         residents not covered by a customary and traditional ( C&T) use determination to continue
         subsistence activities on federal public lands , unless closed .  Once the federal
         government adopts a C &T determination for a species in an area, rural residents not
         covered by that determination can only subsistence hunt or fish on federal public lands
         under state regulations.

         * Having dual wildlife regulatory systems ( federal subsistence management overlaid on
         traditional state fish and wildlife management ) continues to be an important issue for
         rural Alaskans .  In many areas rural users are moving away from involvement in the state
         system because the federal subsistence program seems to grant the desires of rural
         residents , often at the expense of other Alaskans and sometimes to the detriment of the
         resource.

        * Paradoxically , since predator management is not allowed on federal refuges, parks, and
        preserves , the federal system precludes attempts to increase wildlife abundance , which in
        turn exacerbates the tensions between local subsistence users and non-locals.

                                                       6




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPO1 _0002103
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        * Federal Subsistence Board



        §         The Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture have proposed changes to the list of
        "rural" and "non-rural" determinations for communities based on the 2000 census and other
        factors in federal subsistence regulations.   These revisions could affect Adak, Prudhoe
        Bay and parts of the Kenai, Wasilla/Palmer and Homer areas. Saxman has protested being
        listed as non-rural and part of Ketchikan; and a number of communities connected by road
        near Kenai might be lumped together. There has been widespread opposition to the Board's
        decision to authorize subsistence fisheries for residents of Ninilchik, Hope and Cooper
        Landing on the Kenai and Kasilof Rivers. Kodiak was proposed to change to non-rural, but
        under the final rule is still classified as rural. The State took no position on
        individual communities but protested the lack of evenhandedness in the federal process.



        §         The Federal Board continues to adopt regulations that duplicate State
        regulations and, thus, create confusion on the ground due to regulatory drift of the two
        sets of regulations because Federal lands are not marked on the ground. The duplicative
        regulations also establish a priority for rural residents that are not based on criteria
        to determine customary and traditional use and without determining the amount of use
        reasonably necessary for subsistence before restricting other uses. The State frequently
        protests the Board's inconsistent process and lack of factual evidence for determining
        customary and traditional uses (e.g., sporadic use anywhere is used instead of evidence of
        a community pattern of use).




       Endangered Species Act




       * Polar Bear.   The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) proposed listing the polar bear
       as threatened throughout its entire range, solicited public comment, and expects to make a
       final decision by the end of this year. If it is listed, the Service will consider
       designating critical habitat along the north and west coastline of Alaska which could
       affect ongoing and proposed activities, such as shipping, oil and gas leasing, land and
       offshore developments.   North Slope residents are very concerned about increasing erosion,
       increasing late-summer ice free areas, and other effects of Arctic climate change, but the
       State does not believe listing the polar bear or designating critical habitat will be
       helpful and may actually be detrimental to conservation of polar bear.

       * Cook Inlet Beluga.  The National Marine Fisheries Service published a proposed rule to
       list Cook Inlet Beluga as Endangered with Extinction. If it is listed and critical
       habitat is designated in Cook Inlet, activities throughout the watershed of the entire
       Cook Inlet as well as in the marine areas could be subject to ESA permit stipulations or
       restrictions, such as recreational, personal use, and commercial fishing; waste water
       treatment of the Kenai Borough, City of Anchorage, Mat-Su Borough, and other communities;
       oil and gas leasing; proposed coal and other mining; the proposed Knik Bridge; fast ferry;
       small boat traffic, shipping, and other transportation activities both in the water and in
       the air.  Communities throughout Cook Inlet could suffer economic impacts. The State is
       concerned that this listing is being proposed and the conservation plan has never been
       funded to provide population and habitat information.

       * Yellow-Billed Loon.  USFWS announced it intends to do a 90-day status review of the
       Yellow-Billed Loon population in northern and western Alaska based on possible impacts due
       to disturbance and loss of habitat in the coastal and low tundra areas. This could affect
       village activities, including fishing and hunting, development, motorized access, and
       other activities throughout the area if critical habitat is designated. The state
       recently participated in a multi-party effort to develop a conservation plan for this
                                                      7




                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0002104
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        species , hoping that the plan would deal with loon conservation issues and obviate the
        need to consider a listing process.




        Avian Influenza:




        * In many rural areas, waterfowl and other birds taken in the spring and summer
        subsistence hunts form an important source of fresh meat. Although the threat to human
        health should wild birds arrive carrying a highly pathogenic form of avian influenza is
        very low, the fact that there is ANY risk of human infection has caused great concern.

        * ADF&G has partnered with other state agencies through the Multi-Agency Coordination
        Group established by governor's proclamation to bring solid information to communities
        around the state. The agencies have emphasized information on how citizens can protect
        themselves against exposure to HPAI virus, as well as the need to prepare for community
        emergencies such as a flu pandemic.

        * Also, ADF&G has cooperated with federal agencies in an early detection program designed
        to find the HPAI virus if it occurs in wild birds migrating to Alaska. State community
        outreach efforts and wild bird sampling are continuing this summer.




        Fuel Prices:




        * Rural hunters, fishers, and trappers are being affected by rising fuel prices, which
        affects their ability to harvest wild resources for personal consumption, sharing within
        the community, and (in the case of fur) income. To the extent that this reduces trapping
        effort and participation, wildlife management efforts to change predation levels could be
        affected, which could in turn result in reduced availability of wild meat.




       Meghan N. Stapleton
                                                      8




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0002105
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Communications Director



        Office of Governor Sarah Palin



        907.269.7450 0



        907.269.7463 f



        907.321.4975 c




                                                      9
