Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2



             Unknown
             From :      Denby Lloyd [denby_Iloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us]
             Sent :      Thursday, May 31, 2007 11:42 AM
             To:         'govpalin@gov.state.ak.us'
             Cc:         Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Trips with Fish and Game

           Governor:

           in case this email was not delivered to the addresses I used below.

           Thanks, DL.


           Denby S. Lloyd
           Commissioner
           Alaska Department of Fish and Game
           P.O. Box 115526
           Juneau, AK 99811-5526
           907-465-4719




           From: Denby Lloyd [mailto:denby_Iloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us]
           Sent: Thursday, May 31, 2007 10:24 AM
           To: 'Sarah Palin'; 'Sarah Palin'
           Cc: 'Michael A Tibbles'; 'Mike Nizich'; 'John W Bitney; 'Cora Crome'; 'Meghan N Stapleton'; Todd Palln';
           'kari_spencer@gov.state.ak.us'
           Subject: Trips with Fish and Game


           Governor:

           I want to extend an open invitation to you, Todd, and members of your staff to visit or participate in any of the
          activities, field camps, special use areas, or surveys conducted or managed by the Alaska Department of Fish
          and Game. For example, as commissioner I am allowed to issue special permits for visitors (outside of the
           regular public lottery) to the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary for world-class viewing of coastal brown bears.
            Also, we conduct a number of interesting field projects (e.g., moose and caribou aerial surveys, radio-tagging of
          northern pike, stream-walk spawning surveys for salmon, medicinal baiting of wolves, etc.) that you could visit and
          join in. Your participation would not only be a boon to ADF&G staff, but also a way for you to become more
          acquainted with our programs and to see some of the lesser-visited portions of Alaska.

          Some particular ideas include:

          In a few weeks, the department in conjunction with the Hunter Heritage Foundation is conducting a weekend
          workshop of training activities called "Becoming an Outdoors Woman." BOW has become a very popular
          program, and I will be attending a portion of this June's program (June 15-17) at Lost Lake south of Fairbanks.
          As Alaska's premier "outdoors woman" you would certainly be a welcome addition to this, or any future, program.
           Soon, we will likely be holding a BOW training session in Southeast Alaska. For information, please see:
          http:/ ww.sf.adfg.state.ak.us/Region3/Programs/BOW/BOWhome.cfm

          While this year's permits have already been issued, if you would like to visit the McNeil River bear-viewing
          program in lower Cook Inlet, I would be happy to reserve slots for you next year. For more information, see:
          httpJ/www wildlife alaska.gov/index cfm?adfg=mcn il_rriver main

          Or, perhaps we could arrange a trip for you and Todd this year or next to visit the Round Island (Walrus Islands)



           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0002131
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


           State Game Sanctuary, west of Togiak, in association with your fishing season in Dillingham:
           http://www wildlife alaska govlndex cfm?adfg= refuge rnd is

           Or, perhaps a trip into the upper portions of the Bristol Bay drainages, to witness some of Alaska's premier trout
           sport fisheries : http://www sf adfg state ak us /region2lareas/index cfm/FAIBBoverview

           Another trip idea would be to visit Kodiak , perhaps meet with fishermen , and then fly by charter to the south end
           of the Island to view the set gill net and purse seine sockeye salmon fishery enroute to our Frazer Lake fishpass,
           where there are not only brown bears but also thousands of sockeye salmon ascending a fish ladder around a
           natural barrier falls. While passing through Kodiak city, it might be possible to arrange a short trip on a small,
           local trawl or longline vessel , as well as visit some of the state and federal research and management facilities.
           For a bit on the Frazer facility and program:
           http://www cf adfg state ak us /region4/"finfish/salmon/kodiaktfrazer res php

           This fall you might be interested in joining me on a potential trip to the Noatak and Kobuk Rivers , out of Kotzebue,
           in order to see the massive Northwest Arctic caribou herd and to see firsthand some of the contentious
           guide/outfitter/subsistence hunter conflicts occurring in that part of the state. And, there are certainly
           opportunities for me to help arrange for you to visit any of the national parks , national wildlife refuges , etc. around
           the state.

           More locally, there are opportunities for day trips , say to our fish wheel salmon counting program at Canyon
           Island on the Taku River south of Juneau in the mountains near the US /Canada border, or to our weir and fish
           wheel programs on the Chilkat and Chilkoot Rivers near Haines , overflights of some of the local commercial
           fisheries, or visits to local salmon hatcheries.

           If any of this strikes your fancy, please let me know, and we will work to accommodate your schedule and
           preferences.

           Thanks, DL.




           Denby S. Lloyd
           Commissioner
           Alaska Department of Fish and Game
           P.O. Box 115526
           Juneau, AK 99811-5526
           907-465-4719




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0002132
