Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


             Unknown
              From :      Gary Folger[9ary folgerc@Ddps . state. ak.us]
              Sent:       Monday , June 04, 2007 12:34 PM
              To:         Wait Monegan'
              Cc:         'Sarah Palin';'Michael A Tibbles'; 'Russell T Kelly for, Glass; John D (DPS )', Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
              Subject : Re: [Fwd: Tyonek CEO saves orphaned moose calf)

             Update:
             According to Matt Robus , ADF&G, the baby moose died.
             Colonel Gary Folger
             AWT



             Walt Monegan wrote:

                       Governor - As I mentioned on our flight to Dillingham, it appears as Denby
                       predicted
                       -Walt

                       ------- Original Message -- -
                       Subject:Tyonek CEO saves orphaned moose calf
                          Date:Mon, 04 Jun 2007 07:47: 13 -0800
                         From:Gary Olson < eolson E.erowmoremoose.ore>
                           To:walt moneean@dos.state.ak.us
                           CC:tharri   tyonek.com


                       Hello to all fans of moose,

                      These are amazing times we are In and the winds of change are blowing In the favor
                      of moose under our new state administration . We strongly encourage all Involved to
                      make sure your support Is heard on this issue. Please read the following details
                      regarding an orphaned calf rescue late Thursday evening and , If you are In agreement
                      that this calf Is worth more to the state alive than dead, don't let your support be just
                      with you . Forward this on and encourage fellow supporters to do their part. Moose,
                      along with salmon, are Alaska's original PFDs. It Is now time to manage all of our
                      renewable resources with consistent and equitable, consideration for today and for
                      future generations. The acceptance of diminishing moose populations around that
                      state Is no longer acceptablel Please contact your legislators, your Governor, your
                      Mayor and anybody else that believes that moose are worth helping and that It Is time
                      to join this unprecedented rural and urban effort to Increase the stewardship of this
                      critical renewable resource.

                       "Let's Grow Some Moose!"
                       Sincerely, Gary Olson, Chairman
                       The Alaska Moose Federation
                       www. growmoremoose. oro

                       P.S. Pictures are being developed and will be on our webshe by MondavlTuesdav.
                       <!--[if !vml]--><!--[endif]-->

                       PRESS RELEASE:

                      On Thursday, May 31't, an orphaned female moose calf was rescued from a residence on
                      Upper O'Malley Road by Tom Harris , CEO of Tyonek Native Corporation . The call's mother
                      was lest seen 3 days earlier when a hungry bear attacked her, as she appeared to lead the
                      bear away to protect the cat. After 3 days, the calf had slowly weakened without its
                      mother's milk and soon did not stand when approached . Alaska Moose Federation
                      Chairman Gary Olson was asked to assist with the calf transport to the Alaska Zoo and
                      veterinary care,

                      Following intravenous feeding , antibiotics , a health screen, and suturing a puncture wound
                      from the bear, the calf was picked up by the Alaska Zoo and now resides under their care,
                      under their ADF&G permit. She gained 4 pounds her first night and today is back to being a
                      bright, alert and responsive little calf. Sadly, this time of year Anchorage sees many calves
                      orphaned from situations such as this and from vehicle collisions with their mothers that are
                      not being helped . This calf was named Sarah first in honor of Alaska' s First Female
                      Governor and second in recognition of Governor Palin's campaign mandate to have Urban
                      and Rural Alaskans to work together with the State to restore Alaska 's diminishing moose
                      populations through wildlife management for abundance.

                      Tom Harris participated in the rescue to prevent the loss of the Calf and to help verify
                      whether the calf could be the first call of a new pilot project to rescue, care for and release
                      healthy moose calves back to the wild . The Moose Recovery pilot project was modeled
                      after similar 19598 and 1960's projects also designed to initiate or expedite Alaska 's rural
                      moose recovery, and is proposed by the Alaska Moose Federation and Alaska Village
                      Initiatives with the full support of Cliff Judkins , Chairman of the Board of Game , and Tyonek
                      Native Corporation , among many others.

                      Former ADFBG Deputy Commissioner Wayne Reglin stated that saving orphaned moose
                      calves ' is not in keeping with our mission to successfuly manage wildlife populations'
                      however ADF&G does 'work with several animal rehabilitation organizations that restore
                      iryured raptors or marine mammals to good heath .' Thanks to this new Moose Recovery
                      pilot project, the State of Alaska now has several new Rural and. Urban partnering
                      organizations working together to recover and restore injured and orphaned moose calves.
                      This critical renewable resource is worth more to the state alive than dead . Furthermore,
                      Urban and Rural Alaskans now have a new reason to be hopeful and, through this new call,
                      a new symbol through which we will restore Alaska ' s moose populations together, and her
                      name is Sarah[
                      u!--('d Nmlj->




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002167
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2

                 I
                 -{endifj-
                 For questions or to schedule an interview , please call Tom Harris at 227-2744 or Gary Olson at 317-2300.

                 Additional information can be attained regarding all elements of orphaned calves in the attached pilot program and also attained from Cl iff Judkins, retired ADF&G biologist and
                 Chairman of the Alaska Board of Game @ 373-3591.

                 P.S. The following disturbing quote from ADF&G was printed in the June 9, 2005 version of the Anchorage Daily News . The article was titled City wildlife. a blend of beauty.
                   a er which detailed the loss of a new born calf that was stuck in a fence . The quote is as follows : 'One day after shooting the calf, he returned to the neighborhood
                 between the Old and New Seward highways and between Huffman and DeArmoun roads to retrieve the carcass and take it to "my secret calf disposal site ",: Slnnot
                 said.'      We do not have a problem with the fact that Sinnot put a severely injured calf moose out of its misery . This was the humane act to do. What we have a problem with
                 is with all of the annual summer vehicle collisions that cow moose have with cars and the multitude of other occurrences , Including shooting cows in defense of life and property
                 which is becoming all to common in the last couple of weeks both in Anchorage and in Fairbanks , where areall the other calves ? What is happening to them?




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0002168
