Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Hartig, Larry [larry_hartig@dec. state. ak. us]
         Sent:                     Monday, June 04, 2007 5:05 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton; Kristina Y Perry
         Cc:                       Sharon W Leighow; John W Bitney; Michael A Nizich
         Subject:                  RE: Presser

         Governor,




         DEC has, as part of what we have been calling our "Early Season

         Program," contracted to put environmental professionals on at least one

         leg of the first voyage of each large cruise vessel entering Alaska

         waters.     There have been 25 such vessels so far this season, all of

         which have had an environmental professional on board at some point.

         There were 6 environmental professionals serving as observers.                   We have

         called them "environmental professionals" because they are not U.S.

         Coast Guard certified marine engineers.            Their primary task has been to

        use and refine the checklists we will use when we convert to the full

        Ocean Ranger program.



        We will be putting an RFP out within the week for a three-year contract

        for the Ocean Ranger program. The RFP will ask the contractor to

        provide Ocean Rangers on each large cruise ship for the remainder of

        this cruise season and the next two seasons .               We expect to be ramped up

        to the full Ocean Ranger Program at the start of next cruise                  season.



        We are holding a public forum from 5 to 8 pm this Thursday night (June

        7)   at Centennial Hall in Juneau to present an overview of the Ocean

        Ranger Program and other components of DEC's oversight of cruise ship

        vessels.     It will also be broadcast over the GCI internet service. We

        will have links on DEC website to an electronic recording of the forum

        if someone wants to view it later. We will have another forum at the

        end of the cruise season to go over what we learned this season and our

        plans for next year.




                                                                i




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002170
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         if the press want more information on Thursday's forum, they should

         contact Sharmon Stambaugh at DEC at 269-7565.



         Please let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks.



         Larry



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

         Sent: Monday, June 04, 2007 4:20 PM

         To: Michael A Tibbles; Meghan N Stapleton; Kristina Y Perry; Hartig,

         Larry

         Cc: Sharon W Leighow; John W Bitney; Michael A Nizich

         Subject: Re: Presser



         Larry: how many Rangers do we have on bd today? (Pis see below)



         And if anyone has answers to the other press inquiries from today, pis

         pass them along to me. Thanks!

          -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date: Mon, 4 Jun 2007 21:35:19

         To:"Michael A Tibbles" <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>,"Meghan N

         Stapleton" <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>,"Kristina Y Perry"

          <kris_perry@gov.state.ak.us>

         Cc:"Sharon W Leighow" <sharon leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,"John W Bitney"

          <john_bitney@gov.state.ak.us>

         Subject: Presser




          The follow up questions just now on HB217 were: when do we collect the

         head tax, how do we collect gambling tax, how many ocean rangers are on

         bd ships today, is there state training program to get ocean rangers
                                                         2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         trained and hired.



         I didnt have the answers, but Gatto whispered in my ear a few of them,

         hopefully the answers were accurate.



         Also asked what Wash/AK issues needed to be addressed in my mtg with

         Gregoire tonight. Basically said transportation and fisheries issues.



         Also was asked about Agia and why Exxon says its too expensive to

         participate.




                                                         3
