Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :       Kari Spencer [kari spencer@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:        Wednesday, June 06, 2007 4:06 PM
             To:          gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject:    FW: Canadian Ambassador - Meeting with Governor Palin at WGA in South Dakota
             Importance: High
             Governor: Attached is another request for a meeting in South Dakota from Canadian Ambassador
             Michael Wilson. Are you interested in setting something up?

            Kari Spencer
            Governor's Scheduler
            907-465-3986 phone; 907-465-3889 fax

            From : Jennifer.MacIntyre@ international .gc.ca [mailto :Jennifer.Maclntyre@international .gc.ca]
            Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2007 12:02 PM
            To: kari spencer@gov.state.ak.us
            Cc: patricia_eckert@gov.state.ak.us; Karen .Matthias@ international .gc.ca;
            Paul.Connors@ intemational.gc.ca
            Subject : Canadian Ambassador -- Meeting with Governor Palin at WGA in South Dakota
            Importance: High

            Dear Ms. Spencer,

            The Canadian Ambassador to the United States, Michael Wilson, will attend the annual meeting
            of the Western Governors Association (WGA), scheduled for June 9-12 in Deadwood, South
            Dakota. We understand that Governor Palin will also attend, and given the importance of Alaska
            to Canada, Ambassador Wilson is very interested in meeting with Governor Palin to discuss
            priority issues for Alaska and Canada, specifically the natural gas pipeline project and the
            Western Hemisphere Travel Initiate (WHTI).

            Oil and gas are essential elements of both the Canadian and Alaskan economies, and as you
            know, a number of Canadian companies are active in oil and gas exploration in Alaska, in
            addition to mining and other industries. We understand that the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act
            was signed by the Governor in Fairbanks today (June 6). Canada supports bringing northern gas
            to market and has watched with interest the AGIA process. Today's signature makes a meeting
            between the Governor and the Canadian Ambassador early next week particularly timely.

            As well, Alaska and Canada share 1,500 miles of border, and Canada is committed to working
            with Alaska to ensure your State's geographic reality and the unique Canada-Alaska relationship
            are taken into account in the implementation of WHTI.

            The Ambassador's schedule is quite flexible at the WGA. He will arrive in Deadwood at noon
            on Sunday and depart on Tuesday morning.

            Given the strong relationship between Canada and Alaska and our many shared priorities and
            unique northern perspective, we are hopeful that a meeting between Governor Palin and
            Ambassador Wilson will be possible on the margins of the WGA, particularly given the two have
            not yet had an opportunity to meet.

            In order to coordinate the meeting, please contact me at at (202) 682-7735 or on my cell phone at



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0002200
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


            (202) 528-2290.

            Many thanks and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

            Sincerely,

            Jennifer

            Jennifer Maclntyre
            Counsellor/Conseiller
            Provincial, Territorial and Parliamentary Affairs!
            Affaires provinciales, territoriales at parlementaires
            Washington Advocacy Secretariat/
            Secretariat de la Representation a Washington
            Canadian Embassy/Ambassade du Canada
            +1(202) 682-7735
             iennifer.maci tyre(International.gc.ca




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002201
