Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From :   Kara Moriarty [moriarty@aoga.org]
              Sent:    Thursday, June 07, 2007 3:37 PM
              To:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
             Cc:       Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
             Subject : AOGA Annual Luncheon & Board Meeting
             Dear Governor Palin:

             On behalf of the AOGA Board of Directors, we would like to extend to you a special invitation
             to attend our Annual Luncheon, held in conjunction with the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce,
             on Monday, June 25 at Noon at the Egan Center. Our theme for this year's luncheon is "Looking
             Ahead". We have a full program planned, with several of our Board members speaking to our
             theme, as well as celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the Swanson River field in Cook Inlet, and
             the 30th Anniversary of Prudhoe Bay and the Trans Alaska Pipeline System.

             You should have already received a letter in the mail with this invitation. If you are able to join
             us, we would ask that you join our head table. You would also have the opportunity to speak to
             the audience (approx. 500 attendees expected) for three minutes . We apologize for such a short
             amount of time, but we have a full panel of speakers including : John Zager, Chevron; Doug
             Suttles, BP; Kevin Hostler, Alyeska; Craig Haymes, Exxon Mobil; Ken Sheffield, Pioneer; and
             Rick Fox, Shell. In addition, we will be doing a special tribute to Judy Brady, our Executive
             Director, who is retiring on June 30.

             In addition to the Annual Luncheon, we would also like to extend an invitation to speak with our
             Board, who are meeting the morning of June 25. We could meet for 30 minutes following the
             lunch or adjust our agenda and meet with you prior to the luncheon. We will work with your
             office to accommodate what works best in your calendar. The focus of the discussion with the
             Board would be issues related to oil production.

             I spoke with Joe Balash about this invitation yesterday via phone. We look forward to hearing
             back from your office about this invitation.

             If you or any members of your team have questions, please feel free to give me a call.

             Kara

            PS On a personal note, I see you are attending the Western Governors Conference in my home
            state of South Dakota next week. This is a beautiful time of year to visit the Black Hills. I hope
            you enjoy it.

            Kara Moriarty
            External Affairs Manager
            Alaska Oil & Gas Association
            121 W. Fireweed Lane, #207
            Anchorage, AK 99503
            (907) 272-1481
            Cell: (907) 351-1116
            Fax: (907) 279-8114
            moriarty@aoga.org




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002227
