Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Ivy Frye [Ivy_Frye@gov.state.ak.us]
        Sent:                     Thursday, June 07, 2007 3:44 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Michael A Tibbles
        Cc:                       Kristina Y Perry
        Subject:                  RE: loose ends

        I checked in with Chuck Jr and Chuck and Sally today to get names of good people that
        still need to be plugged in. And pulled out the list of the people that were in the
        trenches with us. I'll get a list of recommendations together for you guys.



        Thanks



        PS--Willow made it to town.



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2007 10:53 AM

        To: Ivy J Frye; Michael A Tibbles

        Cc: Kristina Y Perry

        Subject: Re: loose ends



       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       I will again cc Kris so she can find people for you.



       Yes   put Griz on the safety bd. Then go thru list of people we know, and they're people
       patiently waiting, for appts.

       -----Original Message-----

       From: Ivy Frye <ivy_frye@gov.state.ak.us>



       Date: Thu, 07 Jun 2007 10:11:10

       To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Subject:    loose ends




       Governor,



        1   Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       2  Tom Wagoner has recommended Dr. Marg Hayes for the higher education seat on the
       Community Service Commission. Privileged or PRrSnnal Material Redacted                                        1
       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




       Ivy Frye

       Director of Boards and Commissions

       Office of Governor Sarah Palin

       (907) 465-3500 office

       (907) 465-8110 fax




                                                             2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0002266
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Re: Budget                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


            Unknown

             From :    John Bitney [John_bitney@gov.state.ak.us]
             Sent:      Friday, June 08, 2007 11:52 AM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
             Cc:       Clark; Christopher G (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton; Kristina Y Perry; Sharon W Leighow; Smith; Lynne
                       M (GOV); Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Joseph R Balash; Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Budget
            Governor
            I will draft some ideas and language for a letter. My quick thought is that we establish some long term fiscal goals,
            and then try to set numbers to achieve these goals. For example, we hope to increase education formula (along
            w/legis task force) next session.. .and other such constitutional mandates ... and we tie our effort toward insuring the
            state has funds available without taxing alaskans.

            I will talk with finance chairs to see if they would like to be part of our process.
            Thanks
            Jb


            -----Original Message-----
            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
            To: John Bitney; Michael Tibbles; Karen Rehfeld
            CC: Chris Clark; Meghan Stapleton; Kris Perry; Sharon W Leighow <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>; Lynne
            Smith; Kari Spencer; Joe Balash; Russ Kelly; Anna Kim
            Sent: Fri Jun 08 07:35:02 2007
            Subject: Budget

            John: i was asked yest by reporters what percentage (budget cuts) we're aiming for - didn't have a specific number
            but declared we would be vetoing. It occurred to me we need to enlist the help of legislators, esp those who came
            out of the session screaming that their colleagues spent too much money.
            We'll give them the opportunity to help the state.

            Would you figure out how to reach out to them in requesting their ideas on cuts - some line items are in districts
            where the local legislator did not even request the item, it appears. They need to give input on where we can afford
            to cut, delay funding, or phase in funding. We need to do this asap.

            Perhaps a letter from the third floor giving them a head's up reminder that we must live within our means and a
            strong request to tell us how they can help.

            I know its probably never been done before, but so be it. But it's got to be done soon.

            Also, I'm very anxious to hear from Cabinet members their suggestions for cuts, too. Mike - would you forward this
            to Commissioners as the reminder that we need their input asap.

            Thanks!




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP0I_0002267
