Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Meghan Stapleton [meghan stapleton@gov.state.ak.usj
         Sent:                     Friday, June 08, 2007 9:07 AM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; 'Tom Irwin'; 'Martha K Rutherford'; 'Michael A Tibbles'; 'John W
                                   Bitney; 'Joseph R Balash '; 'Sharon W Leighow'; 'Talis J Colberg'; 'Joseph D Schmidt'
        Cc:                        'Kristina Y Perry'; 'Christopher G Clark'; Katz; John W (GOV)
        Subject :                  RE: MatMaid


        We will have that message out this morning, Governor. Working with others on

        this. We did say that the state will review options to help the dairy

        producers and others affected... as well as that this is frustrating and

        shocking.




        Meghan N. Stapleton

        Communications Director

        Office of Governor Sarah Palin

        907.269.7450 o

        907.269.7463 f

        907.321.4975 C



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent :    Friday, June 08, 2007 8:25 AM

        To: Tom Irwin; Martha K Rutherford; Michael A Tibbles; John W Bitney; Joseph

        R Balash; Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon W Leighow; Talis J Colberg; Joseph D

        Schmidt

        Cc: Kristina Y Perry; Christopher G Clark; John Katz

        Subject: MatMaid



        Hell no will MatMaid close in a couple of weeks. Not on our watch will this

        happen. Dairy farmers were told their last day to deliver milk is June 27th.

       No back up plan for them, no notice except the assurance I've given them

       that we were working on a plan and supported the 600,000 dollars to figure
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0002281
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        out what to do next . The state just broke its word again if we were to roll

        over for the board's ridiculous vote to shut it down without proper notice.



        Vantryck has got to be removed today. Managers must be held accountable for

        disasters like this. Any investigation needs to take place re: what has

        happened with this terribly poor management.



        Farmers will be dumping their milk in the parking lot of DNR if we don't

        step in and show the leadership they're craving and deserving . Trust me, I

        know their frustration.



        MatMaid will not shut down and we need to get that word out TODAY be folks

        are panicking and quiting and there won't be time to rehire.



        Can BAC and Creamery Bd be replaced at the request of Governor? These folks

        need to go . We need to regroup and get good business minds in there to

        figure out close - out plan in next yr or so, or re-vitalization plan for Ag.



        Pls respond asap so I know my email was received.



        Ivy- pls check on both bd ' s replacement policies.



        Meg- pls figure out new messaging that conveys my committment to sensible

        plan -vs- going with the flow of the bd's ridiculous decision to devastate

        farmers in two weeks . That ' s bull and we're going to step in a help.



        Talis and Mike- Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP0I_0002282
