Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV) [karen.rehfeld@alaska.gov)
        Sent:                     Friday, June 08, 2007 8:31 AM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Bitney; John W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Cc:                       Clark; Christopher G (GOV); Meghan N Stapleton ; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Sharon W
                                  Leighow; Smith; Lynne M (GOV); Spencer; Karl L (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly;
                                  Russell T (GOV); Kim; Anna C (GOV)
        Subject:                  RE: Budget


        Good morning Governor - we are receiving responses from the departments

        to their review of the capital budget - not a lot of specific

        recommendations for vetoes but some general comments.                My staff is

        following up with the agencies and asking additional questions so that

        we have sufficient information to base our recommendations to you on. I

        expect to have the Department of Law's review sometime next week.



        I expect Legislators will be reluctant to put anything specific in

        writing - those with specific ideas are more likely to pick up the phone

        and call Mike, John, or me - As you can expect, I am getting more calls

        from people concerned about their projects being removed from the budget

        than from those asking for us to veto! I will talk with Mike and John

        about how best to engage legislators in the process.



        Karen




        Karen J. Rehfeld, Director

        Office of Management & Budget

        465-3568

        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Friday, June 08, 2007 7:35 AM

        To: John W Bitney; Michael A Tibbles; Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

        Cc: Christopher G Clark; Meghan N Stapleton; Kristina Y Perry; Sharon W

        Leighow; Lynne M Smith; Kari L Spencer; Joseph R Balash; Russell T

        Kelly; Anna C Kim

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0002289
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Subject: Budget



        John: i was asked yest by reporters what percentage (budget cuts) we're

        aiming for - didn't have a specific number but declared we would be

        vetoing. It occurred to me we need to enlist the help of legislators,

        esp those who came out of the session screaming that their colleagues

        spent too much money.

        We'll give them the opportunity to help the state.



        Would you figure out how to reach out to them in requesting their ideas

        on cuts - some line items are in districts where the local legislator

        did not even request the item, it appears. They need to give input on

        where we can afford to cut, delay funding, or phase in funding. We need

        to do this asap.



        Perhaps a letter from the third floor giving them a head's up reminder

        that we must live within our means and a strong request to tell us how

        they can help.



        I know it's probably never been done before , but so be it. But it's got

        to be done soon.



        Also, I'm very anxious to hear from Cabinet members their suggestions

        for cuts, too. Mike .- would you forward this to Commissioners as the

        reminder that we need their input asap.



        Thanks!




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002290
