Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) (mike.fibbles@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, June 11, 2007 5:22 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Brad Cole


         Sounds good. Thank you.



         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Monday, June 11, 2007 5:18 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Scott Ogan



         I dont want to kick him off. It was our mistake, not his. So let's apologize and promise
         we'll be careful henceforth.

         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



         Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2007 17:03:38

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: FW: Scott Ogan




         Governor,



         I wanted you to know that the Mayor of the City and Borough of Yakutat

         requested to speak to you about hiring Scott Ogan. If you recall, he is

         at odds with the assembly and would like a statement from you regarding

         whether you would be willing to appoint him to fill Vic Kohring's

         seat(if he lived in the district). As you can see below, I asked Mike

        Nizich to give the Mayor a call and let him know that hiring Scott is a

         local decision and we have every confidence that the local community

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002336
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         will decide what is best. I did not want the Mayor to be throwing your

         name around.      I hope you agree with that decision.



         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From : Nizich , Michael A (GOV)

         Sent: Monday, June 11, 2007 4:43 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

         Subject: RE: Scott Ogan




         Done, I had a good conversation with him. He is appreciative that I

         called him and wishes the Governor the best.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Sent: Monday, June 11, 2007 8:35 AM

         To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

         Subject: RE: Scott Ogan



         Mike,



         Will you send David a note and let him know that the Governor is not

         going to answer his question. The decision should be made locally. We

         are all tasked every day to make decision based on the best interest of

         our constituents .      We are confident that the Mayor and other local

         officials will be able to come to a conclusion that is in the best

         interest of the local people without the Governor's involvement.



         Mike




                                                            2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From: David Stone [mailto:situkrockl@hotmail.com]

         Sent: Saturday, June 09, 2007 2:04 PM

         To: Spencer ,    Kari L (GOV); Cayce, Sunny C (GOV)

         Cc: situkrock@yahoo.com

         Subject: Scott Ogan



         Kari,

         It is no secret that I disapprove of Scott Ogan becoming the Borough

         Manager

         of Yakutat ,    it is all over the papers .   I still feel there is a public

         trust

         issue.



         My question for the governor is:

         Would the governor feel comfortable appointing Scott Ogan to replace Vic



         Kohring, if Scott lived in Vic district?



         The governor's answer will go no further than the executive session of

         the

        Assembly , unless she is endorsing Scott.



         I know this is a very difficult question , but I respect the governor

        opinion . I must make sure we hire the proper person to represent our

        borough.



        If the Assembly decides to hire Scott ,        his contract will come up at our



        June 21 Assembly meeting, where I either approve it or veto it.



        Thank you,

        Dave Stone,Mayor

                                                            3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0002338
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         City and Borough of Yakutat




                                                       4



                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0002339
