Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
            From :    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
            Sent:     Monday, June 11, 2007 5:39 PM
            To:        gov. sarah @yahoo.com
             Subject: Whitehorse
            I have a suggestion regarding the requested trip to Whitehorse. The last we discussed we were looking
            at June 22 but not real excited about the amount of travel needed to get you from Fairbanks to
            Whitehorse and back to Anchorage. Instead of leaving from Juneau at 11 :00 am June 19th, how about if I
            fly with you to Whitehorse earlier in the morning. It is only a 30-35 minute flight and your family could
            attend. We could meet with the Premier for an hour and do the 15 minute media wrap up as requested.
            It would be a two hour flight to Anchorage (about the same as from Juneau) and you could be in by 12:30
            pm with plenty of time to make it to the office for your afternoon appointments. Thoughts?
            Mike




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0002329
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                        Talking Points
                                                                    for
                           Protection of our Subsistence Rights and Way of Life

                   These Talking Points were prepared by Ahtna, Incorporated, in response to the State of Alaska
                   Board of Game's regulatory restrictions which have a negative impact to the rights of local
                   subsistence users within the Ahtna Region.

                   Background

                    On December 18th, 1971, Congress passed the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA)
                   with the expectation of preserving our rights to continue our traditional subsistence way of life.

                    When neither the State nor the Secretary of the Interior fulfilled Congress' expectation, we
                   Alaskan Natives petitioned for systematic and comprehensive statutory protections for our way of
                   live.

                    In Title VIII of ANILCA, Congress did not provide explicit protection of Alaska Native
                   subsistence uses, choosing instead to enact a priority for subsistence uses by Alaska' s "rural"
                   residents - an action taken in response to objections by the State of Alaska to a Native preference.

                    The State of Alaska then enacted its own conforming law giving a rural priority, thereby
                   gaining the right to manage subsistence hunting and fishing on all federal public lands and waters
                   in Alaska.

                    In 1990, the State lost its right to manage subsistence fishing and hunting on federal lands and
                   waters when the Alaska Supreme Court found that the State's rural-priority subsistence law
                   violated its own Constitution.

                    Since 1990, the Alaska Legislature, stymied by a minority of its members who oppose
                   subsistence, has refused to allow a vote on a constitutional amendment that would allow a state
                   law consistent with federal law, advocating instead for the repeal or weakening of Title VIII in
                   order to strip Native villages of the only protection they still have for their subsistence way of
                   life.

                    In 1990, the federal government took over management of subsistence hunting on feral lands in
                   Alaska; and later in the decade, its jurisdiction was expanded (by the Katie John suit) to cover
                   subsistence fishing on reserved navigable waters, which are on or adjacent to those lands.

                    The Federal Subsistence Board (FSB) adopted the state system as its starting point,
                   incorporating into federal regulations all state subsistence regulations in place at the time;
                   however, the state system has been manipulated to the point that state law provides little or no
                   protection for the subsistence way o life, while federal regulations more accurately reflect
                   customary and traditional practices of rural subsistence users.

                    Since at least early 2005, the State has mounted a calculated campaign to enhance its own role
                   in the federal management system and to change a number of important policies in ways that can




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0002330
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                   negatively impact the way subsistence is managed - all in order to bring the federal management
                   system more in line with the state management system.

                    In October 2006, the State Board of Game held meetings to consider 8 proposals directly related
                   to units 11, 12, 13 and 20, six (6) of which would have negatively impacted the right of local
                   subsistence users while opening these same units to sport and non-resident use. Evidence of their
                   objectives are in the following actions taken:

                                > Reducing the number of hunts a proxy hunter can perform to one; which prevents
                                   our skilled hunter from providing for our elders and disabled.
                                 Requiring that a proxy hunter also be a Tier II permit holder which further
                                   prevents our skilled hunters from providing for our elders and disabled.
                                > Reducing the take from three to two - further reducing our ability to provide for
                                   ourselves and others in need in the community.
                                > Forcing Tier II users to split horns - traditionally, we would leave the horns in
                                   the field, now we'll have to take the time to saw through the horns before
                                   bringing them out.
                                    It should be noted that at this meeting, the Board of Game sponsored a proposal
                                    that would have created a "super exclusive" hunting area - which would have
                                    severely reduced our hunting grounds to a small area while opening certain lands
                                    within units 11, 12, 13 and 20 to sport and non-resident use without similar
                                    restrictions.

                    In March 2007, the State Board of Game continued with their objective in systematically
                   eliminating the rights of subsistence users while enhancing and protecting the rights of sport and
                   non-resident hunter. Evidence of their objective are in the following actions taken:

                                > Requiring the hunter to salvage the head, hide, heart liver, and kidneys of a
                                   caribou. This places a hardship on our elders and will creates a problem where
                                   there wasn't one before
                                > Restricting hunting for moose and caribou from anywhere else in the state during
                                   a regulatory year if you obtain a Tier II Unit 13 permit for that species.
                                    Imposing an "Income" criterion for the Tier II application which will require
                                    applicants to provide a gross or pre-tax income for each member of their
                                    household. If the household has four members and together everyone makes
                                    more than $51,640 for that year, then the Tier II applicant will not receive ay
                                    points on their application.



                   Talking Points

                    Under state law, if the harvestable portion of a fish or game stock is not sufficient to provide a
                   reasonable opportunity for subsistence uses, the Alaska board of Game is authorized to adopt
                   regulations that eliminate other consumptive uses and make choices among subsistence users
                   based on their customary and direct dependence on the wildlife population, and their ability to
                   obtain food elsewhere if subsistence sues is restricted or eliminated.

                    When a reasonable opportunity for subsistence uses cannot be provided, even after eliminating
                   all non-subsistence uses, the Board of Game is required to adopt a "Tier II" permit system which
                   distinguished between Alaskan Residents based on two criteria: customary and direct




                                                                                                                      PRA GSP0I_0002331
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    dependence on the game population as a mainstay of livelihood (60 points) and the ability to
                    obtain food if subsistence use is restricted or eliminated (40 points).

                    The Board of Game has adopted Tier II hunts for certain game units, including the Nelchina
                   caribou herd in GMU 13. As a result of the All-Alaska policy, the Amount Necessary for
                   Subsistence uses (ANS) for the Nelchina caribou herd is "all harvestable surplus " in order to
                   provide subsistence uses for all Alaskans.

                    The harvestable surplus of the Nelchina caribou herd has not nor ever will be sufficient to
                   provide a reasonable opportunity for subsistence uses for all Alaskans, resulting in a possible
                   permanent Tier II status for all Alaskans to harvest caribou in GMU 13.

                    Subsistence users in the Ahtna region and on the road system have been negatively impacted by
                   the Board of Game's actions over the last year . It is clear to us that the Boards only objective is
                   to find a way to get sport and non-resident hunters into units 11, 12, 13 and 20 and make Tier II
                   user's hunts so difficult and oppressive they will choose to become sport hunters.

                    The Ahtna region recognizes that the Tier II application process is flawed , but continues to
                   support the existing Tier II regulation as the best protection for subsistence rights until such time
                   as the Tier II application and point system and process can be revised to ensure that true
                   subsistence users receive permits.

                    The Board of Game is potentially establishing precedent with the adoption of additional
                   restrictive regulations for subsistence users which may then be applied to other regions in the
                   state as related to subsistence use.



                   Conclusion
                   The Ahtna people will continue to fight for our subsistence user rights . We will continue to
                   attend the Board of Fish and Game meetings to protect our rights . It has been made overly clear
                   to us that the objectives of the Alaska Board of Game have been to promote policies that
                   negatively impact our subsistence way of life. The board of Game is attempting to open certain
                   units to sport and non -resident use in violation of the Tier II regulation in times of shortage.

                       s   We urge the State Boards of Fish and Game to revise the existing Tier II application
                           process by simplifying the application and revising the point system to give extra points
                           for the cost of locally purchased food and gasoline.
                       s   We ask that the Department of Public Safety and ADF&G provide enforcement and
                           punishment of those abusing the existing Tier II application process.
                       s   We ask that the State Board of Game discontinue its efforts to further restrict subsistence
                           users unduly by imposing unwarranted restrictions for means and methods and if such
                           restrictions are adopted to impose the same restrictions on all users to include sport and
                           non-resident users.

                   Subsistence hunting, fishing and gathering constitute the nutritional , spiritual and cultural
                   foundation of Alaska's indigenous people and our village cultures . We must continue to protect
                   these rights for all Alaskans.




                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0002332
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Other                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
             From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
             Sent:     Monday, June 11, 2007 9:46 AM
            To:        dowllc@yahoo.com
            Subject: RE: Other
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
            have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
            every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.


            From: WebMail@gov. state.ak.us [mailto :WebMaii @gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thu 6/7/2007 7:25 PM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Other

            Web mail from: Mr. Barry Kavanagh
            address: 1021 W. 70th Ave Anchorage AK 99518
             907-344-9494

            MESSAGE:
            Dear Ms. Sarah Palin,
               Hello, my name is Barry Kavanagh. Anchorage Daily News announced the closing of Matanuska Maid Dairy
            operations, citing increased costs, and the relatively undeveloped status of some additionally profitable projects.
            This is an intolerable development to the economic function of Alaska and comes at a cost, not only of dollars but
            also history to this great state.

               There must be some measure of corrective procedure taken including, but not limited to public fund drives,
            correction of personnel base, operational alteration of existing function or the seeking of funds at higher levels.

              Given the history and longevity of this dairy operation, some other resolution can be effected other than to
            merely board it up and dissolve it's assets.

               I pledge $100.00 to prevent this situation from occuring. If you could look into this and get back tome, you're
            more than welcome to my money. In fact I would spend 100.00 for a gallon of milk to ensure this didn't end as the
            board decided.

               My son is four and as a single father we don't drink anything else. A hundred dollar gallon of milk is more than
            justified to us, if it would ensure us a steady supply of Mat-Maid dairy products.

               Thank you for your time, and please have a good evening.
            Barry Q. Kavanagh
            1021 W. 70th Ave
            Anchorage , AK 99518
            907-344-9494

            dowllc@yahoo.com




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0002333
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Other                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
            From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:      Monday , June 11, 2007 9:31 AM
            To:       francihav@yahoo.com
            Subject: RE: Other
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or information you
            have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
            every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.


            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto :WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Thu 6/7/2007 11:53 AM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Other

            Web mail from: Franci Havemeister
            address : po box 467 palmer AK 99645
             746-6583

            MESSAGE:
            Hi sarah,

           I am trying to get a hold of you in regards to some Agriculture issues . I know your guys are working on the problem
           but wanted to touch bases anyway. Mat-Maid corporation has voted to close the plant effective July 6th. My in-
           laws were told the last milk pick up date will be June 27th. It is my understanding that the money allocated for the
           "bail out" was never received due to Mat-Maid CEO failing to comply to the stipulations. My father-in-law has
           contacted the slaughter house to see how long it would take to liquidate all the herds - I feel this is devastating news
           and very "Anti-agricultural" as well as unfair to the dairy farmers who have depended on the state to promote their
           product.

           It is urgent that the state step in immediately to save the milk plant, as rumor has it that the employees are already
           resigning and all are looking for other work. Once they have left the plant it will be very difficult to get it up and
           running in any sort of productive manner.

           Please give me a call at your earliest convenience

           Thanks

           Franci Havemeister
           746-6583 or 232-0628

           francihav@yahoo.com




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 _0002334
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Fire Department Open House                                                                          Page 1 of 1


            Unknown
            From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:        Monday , June 11, 2007 11:11 AM
            To:      Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
            Subject: FW: Fire Department Open House




            From: Jeff Briggs [mailto:jbriggs@IAFF1264.COM]
            Sent: Fri 6/8/2007 8:22 AM
            To: Sarah H Palin
            Subject : Fire Department Open House

           Governor Palin and staff-
           I have attached an invitation to the annual Fire Department open house,
           which is sponsored by both the Anchorage Fire Fighters Union Local 1264
           and the Anchorage Fire Department . Please feel free to stop by with
           family and friends. 'this will be a fun event for everyone in the
           community.
           I hope to see you there , June 9th between 10am & 4pm. Behind Fire
           Station 3 on Airport Heights.



           Jeff Briggs
           IAFF Local 1264
           Legislative Liaison
           907-441-2469




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0002335
