Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent :                    Tuesday, June 12, 2007 11:13 AM
          To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (LAA); Joseph R Balash
          Cc:                       Meghan N Stapleton; Sharon W Leighow
          Subject:                  Fw: Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman: MEA questions


         Again, another long interview that I don't have time to answer as I'm getting on another
         hop out of Minneapolis. Hopfully they'll be patient - hopefully others can chime in due to
         lack of time on my part. Unless they've revealed their plans to others, I'm still going on
         the assumption that MEA is keeping info from consumers and the state on this project so
         it's tough to comment on. It is my intention to veto their railbelt energy money be of
         lack of disclosure/plans, but that's not public yet.

          -----Original Message-----

         From: Meghan Stapleton <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>



         Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2007 10:28:52

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Cc:'Sharon Leighow' <sharon_leighow@gov.state.ak.us>,'Meghan Stapleton'
         <meghan_stapleton@gov.state ak.us>

         Subject: FW: Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman: MEA questions




         Governor,



         We received these questions last week. Can you provide thoughts as to how you feel
         regarding MEA and how you would like for us to respond (or if you would like to respond
         whether by email or phone call)?



         Thanks.

         Meg




         From: Russell Stigall [mailto:russellstigall@gmail.com)

          Sent: Friday, June 08, 2007 8:33 AM

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002362
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To: kris_perry@gov. state.ak.us

           Subject: Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman: MEA questions



         Kris Perry,



          I have reported from the Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman on plans by the Valley's electric co-
         op Matanuska Electric Association to cut ties with Chugach Electric Association and build
         its own power generation in the Valley. MEA's plan, consulted by engineering and
         construction firm CH2M Hill, calls for a 100 megawatt natural gas-fired plant and a 100
         megawatt coal-fired plant. This proposition was met in the Valley with skepticism at first
         and now opposition.



          Three main issue underly this opposition; the cost building and operating a coal plant in
         Alaska at a time when carbon emissions are a growing concern; the risk that coal
         combustion could cause damage to the Valley's sensitive environment and agricultural
         lands; and the apparent lack of transparency by MEA administration and staff during the
         planning process. it is interesting to note that I have encountered very little opposition
         to the proposed natural gas plant, either for its cleanliness or cost.



          Below are some questions for the governor about MEA around which I would like to base an
         article. Either a phone interview discussing these questions or an email response would
         work fine.



          At MEA's annual meeting in March Gov. Palin challenged the co-op to operate with openness
         and transparency. Does she feel MEA's administration has taken her challenge to heart?



          Does Gov. Palin believe MEA has carried out an effective, open and inclusive public
         process during its campaign to build new electric generation?



          With Gov. Palin's work on AGIA and her attempts to bring natural gas to Alaskans, how
         does she see MEA's plan to generate its base-load power from coal and not natural gas?
         MEA's proposed natural gas plant is slated for use only during peak loads.



          A recent report by the Alaskan utility consulting firm Mark A. Foster and Associates
         found that MEA's plan for building the coal plant underestimates the cost of construction
         and maintenance of a coal-fired generator in Alaska. And the plan underestimates the per
         ton cost of carbon dioxide emissions. These two miscalculations alone could cost MEA
         member-owners hundreds of millions of dollars more than MEA's estimate over the 30- to 50-
         year life-cycle of the plant. Does Gov. Palin think MEA should conduct an independent
         review - give a second opinion - of CH2M Hill's plan. This plan, called the Integrated
         Resource Plan , has only been seen by the co-op ' s member-owners in summarized form.



          How does it look to someone in Gov. Palin's position to see the main Railbelt co-ops
         break away from Chugach Electric to develop individualized, local generation?



          Gov. Palin's family lives near the two sites proposed in the Meadow Lakes area. How does
                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0002363
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         she feel about the prospect of a coal plant near her home? Near any Valley resident's
         home?



          As member - owners who will eventually foot the bill for this project, both in money and in
         health, what does Gov . Palin think Valley residents can do to change the course of their
         co-op?



          Thank your in advance for taking the time to consider my request.



          Sincerely,

          Russell Stigall




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0002364
