Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Wednesday, June 13, 2007 1:04 PM
          To:                       Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Rutherford ; Martha K (DNR); Katz ; John W (GOV); Larry A Persily;
                                    Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Bitney; John W (GOV)
          Cc:                       Stapleton ; Meghan N (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                  Mat Maid


         Mr. Tibbles:

         Waited as long as we could for my noon tour of Mat Maid - VanTryck never showed up though
         he knew we were there. He was the only one "authorized" to let us tour. Kris was
         communicating with him for over two hrs trying to track him down - this was amazing.



         Rumors running are that VanTryck has been working on a set up deal to bring the water
         bottling back on line with him as owner/operator. Other rumors have to do with his very
         golden parachute, thus his and the board's hesitency to release contract and other info I
         need to get to the bottom of the issue here.



         Bottom line - he submitted a letter of resignation that the bd still hasn't accepted. Mat
         Maid's management appears to have run the business in the ground without fair notification
         given the entity's owner (the state).



         We stuck our neck out asking legislators for the funds to keep this running while a plan
         was put in place - as requested by MatMaid - then they ripped that opportunity out from
         under us, the farmers, all Alaskans, and he decides to resign before the closure
         "emergency".



         I need an investigation of this entity' s management asap because this is a cluster and
         certainly there's got to be a consideration of malfeasance on someone 's part here.
         Businesses don't just go belly-up overnight.



         Farmers are holding their breath, counting on us to help. MatMaid dumped a nuclear
         situation on our lap.



         Does the board have attorneys working for members and VanTryck - protecting them and
         their information - from the AG's office or the private sector? I hear they do have
         attorneys from somewhere on board.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0002402
