Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent :                    Wednesday, June 13, 2007 6:31 AM
         To:                       Frye; Ivy J (GOV); Kristina Y Perry
         Subject:                  Fw: Educ

         Ivy:  hate to invite my own ideas on to someone else - but here's any idea: what if Don
         invited some of our crew to his bbq after the Miner's game - wouldn't it be great to get
         back together with Kerm and Glen and Bruce and other awesome workerbees that helped get us
         here?  I can't find many available slots in this summer's sched to have a shin dig with
         our peeps - could we do it at Don's that evening?

         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2007 14:26:52

         To:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"gbiegeleak.net" <gbiegel@ak.net>

         Cc:"Kristina Y Perry" <kris perry@gov.state.ak.us>,"Todd Palin" <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>

         Subject: Educ




         Hi guys!



         Thank you both for great bites of input on educ commisioner.



        Remember the Ed Bd picks and forwards name(s) to me for selection, then on to the
        legislature for confirmation.




        We need innovation in that seat. Both your names brought forward are great. Not sure why
        Ed Bd thinks it needs a nationwide search, which I heard recently. I'll ask Lynne Smith to
        check the status on that and ask what my input is worth in terms of their method of
        soliciting names.




        Thank you guys. You're awesome. Keep up the great work - I miss (six months later) our
        of rag-tag team of hardcore workerbees. Maybe the crew can get together for a shin dig
        soon?  I know Kris and Todd miss the campaign folks too. Six months zipped by - I'd love
        for us all together. Don Benson, Mark Fish, Perdews, Mary, etc, all of us!




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002424
