Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From :     Frye, Ivy J (GOV) [!vy.frye@alaska.gov]
             Sent:      Thursday, June 14, 2007 5:19 PM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: Cleaning House... Not Closing House
             Amen! I love how you keep stepping up here and doing so many great things for Akns.

             I think the names you mentioned today are great. Smart, hard working, every day Alaskans--people from
             the Valley that understand this issue.

             What I see, as a kid born and raised in the Valley that is also the product of two colonist families, is this is
             the end of an era. Like Oliver said, this is one of a few things we have left from the 202 hardworking
             families that helped build the Mat-Su more than 70 years ago. I hate to see it close, but if it's necessary
             let's do it in a way where we honor and appreciate all of those hardworking farmers-past and present,
             and do so in a way that's in the very best interest of the state.

             On another note, I leave for my conference on Sat and have been asked to give a presentation on your
             priorities and styles for b&c. It will be a piece of cake. They saw our website today and called me to ask,
             "Is ethics important to your administration." I said, 'well since you mention it was the foundation of
             Governor Pal!n's campaign and of her administration." They asked if I'd speak to ethics now too. I'm
             starting all the way back at AOGCC, man. I think I'm going to have fun!

            Thanks for everything,


            Ivy Frye
            director of boards and commissions
            office of governor sarah palin
            ivy_fiye@gov. state.ak.us
            Office (907) 465-3934
            Fax (907) 465-8110




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0002455
