Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Wednesday, June 13, 2007 5:01 PM
         To:                       Meghan N Stapleton; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Kristina Y Perry;
                                   Bitney; John W (LAA)
         Subject:                  Re: NEED TO GET COMMENT OUT NOW...


         Correction: email should read "...NOT to be yanked out from under anyone..."

         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date : Thu, 14 Jun 2007 00:57:01

         To:"Meghan N Stapleton" <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>,"Michael A Tibbles"
         <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>,"Joseph R Balash" <joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us>

         Subject: Re: NEED TO GET COMMENT OUT NOW...




         Our comment is the same - that they're the one who asked for the money and we fought for
         it - there's an inherent promise in that for the affected parties (farmers) we fought for
         it so it could be planned sensibly - to to be yanked away. It HAS to be a strong
         statement.

         -----Original Message-----

         From: Meghan Stapleton <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>



         Date : Wed, 13 Jun 2007 16:11:09

         To:'Sarah Palin' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,'Michael A Tibbles' <mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>,
         joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us

         Cc:'Meghan Stapleton' <meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us>

         Subject: NEED TO GET COMMENT OUT NOW...




        Mat Maid board to Palin: No



        By S.J. KOMARNITSKY

          Anchorage Daily News

        Published: June 13, 2007

          Last Modified: June 13, 2007 at 04:07 PM

        The Matanuska Maid dairy is still on track to shut down early next month despite pleas and
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0002437
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         $600,000 in already-promised state money from Gov. Sarah Palin.

         A creamery board, which oversees the state-owned dairy, met Wednesday in Anchorage and
         rejected the governor's public request that it keep the dairy open , saying it stands by an
         earlier decision to close the plant July 7.

         In doing so, board members rejected a request from Palin to use a pending $600,000
         appropriation to keep it open.

         Board members cited rising expenses , competition from Lower 48 brands and an economic
         model that simply didn't support staying in business.

         "We are being fiduciarily responsible to the state of Alaska and the people of Alaska by
         doing what we are doing... Nobody wants to be here and make this decision, least of all me,"
         chairman Mac Carter said in an emotional speech after the decision.

         Staying in business longer could leave the company more than $2 million in the red by the
         end of the year, he said. Closing now means the company will be able to pay its debts, he
         said.

         The board did agree, however, to send cost estimates to the governor of how much it would
         cost to keep the dairy open and a list of factors that could affect those estimates.

         Alaska farmers said the closure will leave them with no place to sell most of their milk
         and may force them to kill their herds. Matanuska maid is the largest buyer of milk in the
         state.

         "What am I going to do? said a clearly distraught Craig Trytten, who with his wife, Vicki,
         and children run a dairy farm at Point MacKenzie . "Am I going to quit milking cows? Just
         shut the switch off and hear them scream and scream ? Where's the electricity going to come
         from to milk them?"

         Gov. Palin could not immediately be reached for comment . But in a letter to the board
         Tuesday, she criticized its short notice to farmers about the closure and asked that they
         use a $600,000 state grant to keep the dairy open by running a scaled-down operation that
         would use only local milk. .

        Board members, however, said Palin's plan was not feasible. Mat Maid currently imports
        most of its milk, and local farmers do not produce enough to make it worth operating the
        plant, Carter said.

        Matanuska Maid was started as a farmer's cooperative in the 1930s. It was taken over by
        the state after going bankrupt in 1986 and operated profitably for most of the ensuing
        years until 2005.

         Matanuska Maid CEO Joe Van Treeck said after the meeting the dairy has set July 3 as its
         last day to pick up milk from farmers.

        Reporter S.J. Komoranitsky can be reached at sjkomarnitsky@adn.com




        Meghan N. Stapleton

        Communications Director

        Office of Governor Sarah Palin

        907.269.7450 o

        907.269.7463 f

        907.321.4975 c



                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0002438
