Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, June 13, 2007 4:42 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Subject:                  RE: Privilege


         I have copied the statute below but basically the new member must be from the same
         political party. Vic's replacement must be a registered Republican.
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



         Mike



         The appointee shall meet the qualifications of a member of the legislature as prescribed
         in sec. 2, art. II of the state constitution, shall be a member of the same political
         party as that which nominated the predecessor in office, and shall be subject to
         confirmation by a majority of the members of the legislature who are members of the same
         political party which nominated the predecessor in office and of the same house as was the
         predecessor in office. If the predecessor in office was not nominated by a political party
         or if no other member of the predecessor's political party is a member of the
         predecessor's house of the legislature, the governor may appoint any qualified person. If
         the appointee is not a member of a political party, the appointment is not subject to
         confirmation. If the appointee is a member of a political party, the appointment is
         subject to confirmation as provided by this section for the confirmation of political
         party appointees.



         ---    Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2007 4:22 PM

         To: Frye, Ivy J (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Re:   Privileged d


        Privileg is?   What about his wife?



        Mike - can a U be appointed?

         -----original Message-----

         From: "Frye, Ivy J (GOV)" <ivy.frye@alaska.gov>



        Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2007 15:59:07

        To: gov.sarah@yahoo.com, mike_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us

        Subject: Privileged


                                                                 1



                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0002439
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sorry.




         He's a "U " and lives in District 14-Vic's district.



         Ivy Frye

         Director, Boards and Commissions

         Office of Governor Sarah Palin

         ivy_fryecsgov. state.ak.us

         (907) 465-3500 office

         (907) 465 - 8110 fax




                                                       2
