Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                      Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [joe.balash@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                      Friday, June 15, 2007 5:10 PM
        To:                        gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Bitney; John W
                                   (LAA); fek9wnr@yahoo.com; Meghan N Stapleton
        Subject:                   Re: Mat Maid Dairy


        Done



        ----- Original Message -----

        From; gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Bitney,
        John W (GOV); Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>; Meghan N Stapleton

        Sent: Fri Jun 15 17:04:59 2007

        Subject: Re: Mat Maid Dairy



        It had better be explained to her that yesterday is the FIRST I heard of the mtg request.
        I will call her if I don't hear that she's been notified asap.

        -----original Message-----

        From :   " Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" < joe.balash@alaska.gov>



        Date: Fri, 15 Jun 2007 16:54:00

        To: gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Bitney, John
        W (GOV)" <john.bitney@alaska.gov>,meghan_stapleton@gov.state.ak.us,"Perry, Kristina Y
        (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

        Subject: Fw: Mat Maid Dairy




        FYI.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Barbara Huff <Bhuff@akteamsters.com>

         To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

         Cc: Spencer, Kari L (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Fri Jun 15 16:45:37 2007

         Subject: Mat Maid Dairy




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0002491
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Joe:




         After the comments by the Governor in the Daily News Today, I thought it appropriate that
        I reiterate our continued request to meet with the Governor for several weeks now. Her
        statement that "she is frustrated that people aren't talking (to her) about options and
        solutions",   may be because some of us and I am not sure why, have not been able to even
        get an appointment.   As I stated to you early in the week, we are more than willing to
        take this issue, step out of the box, if that is what it takes and look at some
        alternatives.   We were glad to hear the Governor had sent a letter to the Board, until we
        read the letter, which had no mention of the employees of Mat Maid. They are not bad men
        and women, they have worked hard in their jobs to produce the excellent quality of milk
        that Mat Maid is know for around this state.     We understand that the farmers need the
        Dairy and the Dairy needs the farmers, if they are to continue to produce milk in this
        state.  Why is the Governor not seeing that we are all in this together?




         We were told through an employee, who talked to the Governor's husband, the Governor did
        not know about our letter. That letter was faxed to the Governor's office on Friday of
        last week.  We received confirmation of receipt. We also mailed a hard copy. Why is this
        information not getting to her?




         I would also add that Ken Coleman has been very consistent in his position, that being we
        are more than willing to look at options and or suggest options, if the state makes a long
        term commitment to agriculture in this state, which includes not only the farmers (we
        liked the save the COW sign in the valley today) but the Dairy as well. IF there is not,
        then the state, the public, the dairy employees and the farmers truly are better off with
        the Boards suggested closure plan. This was backed up at the Board meeting this past
        week, when Craig Trytten was ask if they did stay open until November/December will you
        have other means for placement of your milk? His response was, no he probably will not.
        We are very saddened by all of this, we like cows just like the next person, but the
        reality is you have a lot of people not only in Anchorage, but Mat Su that are going to be
        impacted.




         We can not stress more our willingness to work on this issue. HELP.




         I believe you have my cell number, 227-4572 or office 565-8236.



                                                       2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0002492
