Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 1:52 PM
         To:                       'truxter@gci. net
         Subject:                  RE: Budget


         Dear Mr. Trux:




         Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
         response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



         I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
         under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



         I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
         to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



         I appreciate hearing from you!



         Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state. ak.us         [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Tuesday, July 03, 2007 11:46 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. Ronald Trux

        address: 575 Rance CT Kenai AK 99611

         907-283-4408



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin'
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0004029
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           This is a copie of a letter I sent to Sen. Green, I hope that it in some way encourages
           you, You have resored my faith in our goverment. Have a great day.




           Sen.Lyda.Green@legis.state.ak.us

           news @peninsulaclarion.com



           Dear Sen. Green



          I was surprised to read your comments in the paper today, your remarks towards our
          governor," It shows total lack of understanding of the process". Now to a layman, such as
          myself, take that as "she ain't playing fair and should learn her place on how things
          work."   Now consider how long Alaskans have had to deal with politicians that "understand
          the process" and just the overwhelming support of the Alaskan voters to give her a chance
          to "FIX" our states problem. I for one am tired of the way things have been, and applaud
          Governor Palin on her courage to "shake things up", I would expect the same from anyone in
          her party.  If you haven't noticed, Americans in general are tired of the status quo in
          our government, and Alaskans are less forgiving to politicians who favor big business and
          special interest groups over the needs and wants of the people.

                I am among the vast population of Alaskan who live from Paycheck to Paycheck, and
          when I see the state Governor cuts spending and forces our pork barrel spenders into
          tightening their belts, as most of us have to do, that tells me that we Alaskans made the
          right choice for governor and that the politicians that don't follow her lead could find
          themselves as extinct as our former governor Murkowski's political career. I respect your
          position and your courage to serve your state.

          There are few who would endure the criticism. But the governor set down the rules when
          she campaigned, the people who voted for where listening, and she is staying true to her
          platform, that takes even more courage I think.



          Ron Trux

          575 Rance CT

          Kenai, AK 99611

          907-283-4408




          truxter@gci.net

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0004030
