Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 1:59 PM
        To:                       'shannonandrichard @gmail.com'
        Subject :                 RE: Budget


        Dear Ms. Oelkers:




        Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
        response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



        I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
        under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



        I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
        to control spending, live within our means , and save for the future.



        I appreciate hearing from you!



        Sincerely,



        Sarah Palin

        Governor



        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Thursday, July 05, 2007 11:04 AM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Ms. Shannon Oelkers

        address: 18917 Third Street Eagle River AK AK

         907-726-5600



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin,
                                                              1



                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004045
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        I'm just writing you a note to say THANK YOU for your fiscal responsibility .  As a former
        non-profit worker I have seen the power of local donations , and the weakness of programs
        suppported from afar.



        Many of the complaints I have read in news articles from groups on the cutting room floor
        seem to me to be whining, as old fashioned as that sounds. Also, it seems that many of
        these organizations are perfectly capable of raising the funds they were asking the state
        for.




        Community members are responsible for community projects , groups, and the quality of their
        communities - NOT the state . I applaud your recognition of this and your transparency in
        enforcing this decision . Alaskans are greatly privilidged in that they pay no income
        taxes.  I recognize this and contribute to many local organizations as my way of
        contributing to my community.



        I am happy to see you keeping your campaign promises, and ending the waste of State
        Spending.



        I am curious though, what are your long term plans for the state budget?



        Shannon Oelkers



        shannonandrichard @ gmail.com

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2



                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0004046
