Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=REC I PI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 10:02 AM
         To:                       'prax@acsalaska.net
         Subject:                  RE: Budget


         Dear Mr. Prax:



         Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
         response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



         I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
         under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



         I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
         to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



         I appreciate hearing from you!



         Sincerely,



         Sarah Palin

         Governor




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Saturday, June 30, 2007 4:21 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



        Web mail from: Mr. Philip Prax

        address: 998 Trianon Dr Fairbanks AK 99712

          907-322-6930



        MESSAGE:
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0004057
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Thanks ever so much for excercising your line item veto in the manner you did. I have
         waited a long time for someone like yourself with the guts to stand up to political
         pressure and and remind people what the purpose of Government really is. I couldn't agree
         with you more in your saying that we need to save for the future. If I might be so bold to
         suggest that before government pays for a bridge across Cook Inlet and to Gravina Island
         in Ketchikan, it should first make sure that the roads we presently have are safe in the
         first place. We have a lot of four lane roads in the Fairbanks area that have 25 or 35 mph
         speed limit signs on them due to poor road conditions when the norm is 55. If we are going
         to build roads like this we need to have money in the bank or budget to maintain them in a
         better fashion than we presently do or build something that we can better afford/maintain
         in the first place.

         I hope that your vision spreads and that Ted Stevens and Don Young catch on to your ways.
         This nation, let alone this state can't afford'the spending habits of those two.

         Keep up the Good work!

         I wish you the best and I hope you have the fortitude to run again!

         Philip Prax

         998 Trianon Dr

         Fairbanks, AK 99712



         prax@acsalaska.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                       2



                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0004058
