Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR)
          Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21 , 2007 10:36 AM
          To:                       imcoons@mtaonline.net
         .Subject:                  RE: Budget


          Dear Mr. Coons:



          Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
          response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



          I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
          under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.




          I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
          to control spending, live within our means, and save for the future.



          I appreciate hearing from you!



          Sincerely,



          Sarah Palin

          Governor



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail @ gov.state . ak.us [mailto : WebMail@gov . state.ak.us]

         Sent: Sunday ,    July 01, 2007 10:56 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Budget



         Web mail from: Mr. Mike Coons

         address: P.O. Box 4229 Palmer AK 99645

           745-6779



         MESSAGE:

         I read the article in the 1 July Frontiermans after watching the crying and complaining

                                                                 i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004067
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         from cuts in Anchorage on Channel 11 News.



        Really simply , the following is my e-mail remarks to Senator Lyda Green and this says it
        all:   "If you ' re going to have new rules , announce them the first day, not one month after
        we leave Juneau ," she said. "She needs to make it clear the sorts of things that aren't
        going to be funded. This is not a good way to run things. It shows a total lack of
        understanding for the process ." Well Lyda , she did , on her inauguration speech. She held
        the State Constitution high and said she would base all decisions on that Constitution,
        period .  You all in the Legislature have been spending money outside of that Constitution
        for too long. Now we have someone who actually meant it when she took the oath , now how
        about the rest of the Legislature doing the same?



        Keep up the good work Sarah, you are doing exactly what we wanted you to do ,            FOLLOW THE
        STATE CONSTITUTION !! Hurray for you!!




        mcoons@mtaonline.net

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0004068
