Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, August 21, 2007 10:32 AM
         To:                       Isbuch@acsalaska.net
         Subject:                  RE: General Administration


         Dear Mr. Buchholz:



         Thank you very much for taking the time to write such a thoughtful and encouraging
         response to my administration's action regarding SB 53, the FY2008 Capital Budget.



         I have heard from many Alaskans that they are excited and hopeful that we can get spending
         under control, manage our revenues and resources efficiently, and cut wasteful spending.



         I am working with my commissioners on developing the FY2009 budget to meet my budget goals
         to control spending, live within our means , and save for the future.



         I appreciate hearing from you!



         Sincerely,



         Sarah Palin

         Governor



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state. ak.us]

        Sent: Friday, June 29, 2007 7:28 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: General Administration



        Web mail from: Les Buchholz

        address: 48450 Prairie Ave Soldotna AK 99669




        MESSAGE:

        Keep up the good work! School football fields and other entitlement are not the general
                                                              1



                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0004082
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         public priority.      Other items in the budget need more attention other than Anchorage
         football.

         Also great ideal on special session in Anchorage or Fairbanks, get the politicans
         accessible and transparent.  Amazing how short a session when it is in Anchorage.



         Please know most Alaskans support transparent government and your actions. Keep it up!



         By the way I am an Alaskan the past 37 years, retired state employee for 30 years and a
         registered independent.  Don't change your direction one bit, you are highly supported and
         don't cater to special interest with squeaky wheel syndrome or the entitlement handout
         albeit the senior longetivity program of existing narrow low income for EXISTING folks is
         fine with me.



         Keep it up, your doing fine (great) and really have the support of the majority of
         Alaskans.




         lsbuch@ acsalaska.net




                                                          2



                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0004083
