Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 4


             Unknown

             From :    Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
             Sent:     Wednesday , August 22 , 2007 7:15 PM
             To:       govpalin @alaska.gov
              Subject: FW: Joe - Please deliver copy of Governor Palin's letter below
             I meant to print this out and deliver it to you this afternoon...

             ...from our buddy Chuck.


            From: HamelChuck@cs.com [mailto:HamelChuck@cs.com]
            Sent: Wed 8/22/2007 2:08 PM
            To: Balash , Joseph R (GOV)
            Subject: Joe -- Please deliver copy of Governor Palin's letter below

             My best regards to you.
             I desire to communicate via emails direct to you with copy
            always to Joe Balash.
            sorry I couldn't advance this to you because of my 'mistrust'
            of certrain in your Administration.
             Letter is reduced for brevity to four pages from seven pages draft..
            evidence of serious mechanical and facilities deficiencies but more
            important the issues of safety for "my friends ". More to be forwarded
            when the dust settles on this much for now.
            As I warned Joe when he was here , DNR has let you down and you
            are vulerable . If the'near miss' at the GC Turbine fire caused fatalities
            after DNR's 'flawed' (strange conduct) Prudhoe investigation of the
            need for Gathering Centers to disconnect Fire suppression System
            for up to 12 hours a day. DNR visited only with Management friends
            without investigating with any Gathering Center lead Operator. It was
            inexcusable and leaves you vulnerable to this day.
            BP is not truthful to the media as to the multiple failed systems.

            Chairman Dingell received his copy of ther letter hand carried at home in Michigan . Jim Carlton
            (WSJournal) has exclusive on this and the concerned
            'Alaskans' on the pipeline hope that you will provide Jim your comments.
            Every line in this letter is accurate and cross checked.

            I've been viewing from afar your activities . I join your constituents in pride
            on your good work.
            Regards,
            Chuck
            *** Charles Hamel
            101 Quay Street
            Alexandria , VA 22314

            John Dingell, Chairman
            US House Energy and Commerce Committee

            Nick Rahall , Chairman
            US House Natural Resources Committee
            August 17, 2007

            SUBJECT: Failure of BP's 'vaunted' Alyeska Pipeline Strategic Reconfiguration Project

            Dear Chairman Dingell and Chairman Rayhall:


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0004084
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 4



             Alyeska's Strategic Reconfiguration ( SR) Project was created to substitute diesel power with purchased local
             electricity, thereby reducing personnel and operating costs for its owners and the State of Alaska treasury. The
             SR project was BP 's brainchild . BP initiated and orchestrated the SR project . BP forced its own procedures upon
             Alyeska and " bungled it". The project is in total disarray and leading to a seeming disaster . After hundreds of
             millions of dollars were frittered away and lost, since the SR's inception , the first Station to finally come on line,
             Pump Station (PS) #9, is "an accident waiting to happen ". Perhaps because of the savings , the State appears to
             have exercised no oversight of the project' s mismanagement. The JPO and the State should never have provided
             BP/Alyeska the "Notice to Proceed " with their knowledge of all the deficiencies they had uncovered.

              I personally warned Deputy Secretary of Department of Transportation Admiral Thomas Barrett , that the Joint
             Pipeline Office ( JPO) accommodates BP and Alyeska in concealing from DOT, Congress , and the public,
             evidence of the dangerous deficiencies plaguing the Trans Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS). In fact, last Tuesday,
             just three days ago, August 14th, thanks to Admiral Barrett 's pressure, BP/Alyeska attempted to perform a test in
             the presence of JPO Director Jerry Brossia , Bureau of Land Management 's Tom Lonnis, DOT's Chris Hoidel, Joe
             Robertson, and Bruce Hansen , as well as Alaska State representatives, guided by Alyeska 's Vice President Jim
             S. Johnson . Alyeska was to demonstrate the "Function Test" of Station #9 's new electric pumps' critical back-up
             generators. Alyeska had earlier searched , for days, to find technicians competent to operate the generators and
             perform the tests. The tests were a total failure . A fiasco! The generators overheated and the engines self shut
             down.

             The installed generators for the three new mainline pumps failed to meet specifications, and were discovered
             early on, as not compatible with mainline unit controllers. The 2.25 mega Watts generators will not meet the
             required "full load" specifications and can only carry a total load of 3.9 mega Watts . Running a mainline unit
             requires close to 6.0 mega Watts.

            With JPO and the State's concurrence, the specification dilemma was summarily waived to prevent delay of this
            first SR reconfigured station's start-up. The generators were never required to be properly tested to pump oil for
            more than a few minutes . It is reportedly well known that these units are incapable of pumping crude as
            necessary . Worse yet, they are unable to protect against a cold restart of the station in mid winter . Knowledgeable
            Alyeska personnel are fearful a shut down of barely a week in the oncoming winter could turn the pipeline into a
            frozen , non-flowing , waxy gel for an extended period of time resulting in the shut-in of the entire North Slope crude
            production wells. Although Pump Station #9 and the TAPS are dependent on these generators , they have yet to
            be endurance tested to pump the crude as necessary as recommended by their manufacturer 's representatives.
            The situation is precarious and a serious risk for the Alaskan and the West Coast motoring public and fuel
            consumers. You should be aware that Pump Station #12 has been shut down permanently so #9 is the last
            Station between Valdez, the Copper River and Prince William Sound.

            Recently there was a lightning strike at Pump #9. Power from the Electric Utility was lost to the three new pumps
            that could not be re-powered , as their generators failed to come on automatically . The generators could not be
            started until technicians were located that were capable of restarting them. Meantime , critical Alyeska valves were
            also without power. Then the mainline units could not be started because the lightning strike caused a fault in the
            mainline unit controllers . The technicians required several more hours to determine how to clear the fault, after
            someone told them what to look for. Lightning protection for the facility has yet to be installed.

            Severe vibrations of the three new electric pump modules (replacing the former diesel powered jet engines) cause
            their heavy duty industrial light bulbs to shatter in that hazardous area and present a danger to ignite any local
            LEL vapor releases. There are well founded concerns expressed as to what could happen to all of the critical
            electrical and instrument connections . Will the cables that conduct thousands of volts remain tight and secure?

            Since February, TAPS has been shut down over 30 times due to various problems. The dysfunctional Pump
            Station #9 communications with Alyeska's Operational Control Center (OCC) is reportedly of great concern to the
            Owner companies , EXXON/BP/CONOCO. For example , on one occasion , as many as 14,000 alarms was
            received at OCC from Station #9 within one hour. The Alyeska Operators must frantically distinguish between real
            and false alarms on those occasions.

            JPO has just recently provided Alyeska with Notice to Proceed with the Strategic Reconfiguration of Pump
            Station #3 . Yet JPO and the State are well aware that there are serious welding problems discovered at Station
            #3. Welding Xrays of the new 20 inch mainline connection crude lines along with the diesel lines being
            constructed have been tampered with . The welding inspection documentation is reportedly under scrutiny. And
            the records are missing ! I understand Kakivik Asset Management LLC (Kakivik .com), under contract to Alyeska


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0004085
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 3 of 4


              for welding inspection services may be able to shed light on this issue . For Alaska State Pipeline Construction
              Coordinator Chuck Champion and Chairman John Dingell, this will be "deja vue" again. In 1977, Mr. Champion
              ordered the construction of TAPS to cease when he discovered that Xrays of pipeline weld joints were falsely
              duplicated to speed up the construction. Alyeska failed to prevail upon Mr. Champion to permit construction to
              proceed and answered to House Hearings conducted by Chairman John Dingell, exposing the scandal to the
              public.

             Alyeska President Kevin Hosteler has apparently requested of JPO and State of Alaska for permission to
             abandon the Pump Station #9 legacy, immediately dismantle the old jet engines and eliminate the operators and
             support staff on site.

             I am attaching the "Keeping You Posted" communication from VP Jim Johnson (above) to all Alyeska employees
             at 5:32 PM, last Tuesday, following the failed tests at Pump Station #9. Mr. Johnson boasted: "The new Strategic
             Reconfiguration (SR) equipment at PS 9 has operated reliably and safely.... Mechanically, the system meets or
             exceeds our expectations". How absurd to misrepresent the facts and lie to the workforce as they are learning by
             word of mouth of the test failures.

             BP USA Chairman and President Bob Malone, his BP Alaska President Steve Marshall along with his BP Alyeska
             President Kevin Hosteler (on loan - Seconded - from BP) failed to alert House Energy and Commerce Committee
             Members of Alyeska's serious corrosion problems as they testified under oath on September 7, 2006, Yet, on
             September 17, 2005, Steve Marshall traveled on an urgent overnight flight to deliver fabricated Alyeska
             "corrosion" records to Lord John Browne in London... reportedly to deceive BP shareholders in London and
             counter a critical Wall Street Journal article two days earlier, on September 15. Kevin Hosteler's accounting
             personnel were earlier instructed to "cook the books" in order to conceal the identified very serious corrosion
             problems on the TAPS. It is reported that Alyeska co-owners EXXON and CONOCO were unaware the false
             records were secretly created and delivered to BP in London. The evidence reveals that the staff was required to
             bring their sleeping bags to overnight office sessions to 'doctor the records to suit the scheme. I understand Kevin
             Hosteler has since ordered an end to Alyeska Accounting Department's falsification of the Pipeline corrosion
             records.

             I will copy Bob Malone with this letter as a courtesy so he may have the opportunity to respond publicly without
             delay. Details from the JPO briefing requested by Admiral Barrett on the history and status of the SR project (June
             13, 2007 in Anchorage)... go to: www.finebergresearch.com/ollpatch.htmi
             For Alyeska's internet detailed description and tour of Pump Station #9 SR project go to
             www.ayeska-pipe.com/inthenews/Monthlynews/2007/Jul/PS9 Neff.html.

             Sincerely,

             Charles Hamel
             cc: Secretary Michael Chernoff, Department of Homeland Security
              Deputy Secretary Thomas Barrett, Department of Transportation
             Mark V. Rosenker, Chairman, NTSB
             From: Keeping You Posted
             Sent: Tuesday, August 14, 2007 5:32 PM
             To: DL, All TAPS Employees
             Subject: KYP #07-086 Update on Strategic Reconfiguration at Pump Station 9
             The following message is from Jim Johnson, Pipeline Vice President.
             Today marks six months of operating Pump Station 9 (PS 9) under the upgraded station configuration. While work
             remains before we can fully isolate the station from the legacy equipment and begin the transition to operational
             acceptance, it is worth noting that we're very satisfied with the performance of the new equipment.
             The new Strategic Reconfiguration (SR) equipment at PS 9 has operated reliably and safely. The combination of
             variable frequency drive, electric motors and pumps provides pipeline operations controllers with more precise
             management of hydraulics than the legacy equipment. Mechanically, the system meets or exceeds our
             expectations.
             This does not mean that the transition has gone without some technical challenges - both with the equipment at
             the station and via the new control system. We've been working to resolve several technical issues internally and
             with the Joint Pipeline Office that will influence the timing of isolating the legacy equipment. These technical
             issues include demonstrating the performance of the load bank at the station, which is scheduled for testing
             during our mini shutdown today; working with our commercial power provider about performance issues external
             to Alyeska (it should be noted that performance currently meets our expectation of 99% deliverability of power);
             making changes to operability of our station relief valves; providing for a long-term resolution of hydraulically-


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0004086
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 4 of 4


             induced vibration of SR piping at PS 9; and changing the design of the air intake screens for the pump module at
             the station.
             We've also been working with the U.S . Department of Transportation (DOT) in their review of the PS 9 and PS 3
             welds . This work is in conjunction with our review of the weld records for these stations . The DOT also requested
             a construction review of the site.
             All of these matters become important as we work our way through the transition of PS 9 to become the first
             station to fully operate under pipeline reconfiguration . We started moving oil via the new system in February
             conscious of the fact that many items not directly associated with startup of the pumps needed to be completed
             before we could fully make this transition.
             Work is also underway at PS 3 to get this station ready to operate with the new equipment later this year. Our
             current goal is to complete construction activities at the station and begin the functional check out (FCO) process
             at the station.
             As we work through all of the technical , construction , FCO, and commissioning activities associated with pipeline
             reconfiguration, I want to stress the criticality of bringing issues to our attention . Many of the matters we've worked
             through and resolved are the direct result of people sharing observations, asking questions, and bringing forward
             concerns . I encourage you to ask questions about the project and how it impacts your work on TAPS.
             My goal remains the safe transition to pipeline reconfiguration. I'm satisfied that the new equipment is helping us
             get there. **END OF NOTE**




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0004087
