Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From .,                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorc@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Thursday, August 23, 2007 3:13 PM
         To:                       victor. khayat@us.army.mil
         Subject:                  RE: Environment


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need , suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.usl

         Sent: Thursday, August 23, 2007 3:04 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV.sponsored)

         Subject: Environment



        Web mail from : Mr. victor khayat

        address : 2085 Montgomery Rd Fort Wainwright AK 99703




        MESSAGE:

        Dear Maam ,rnrnl am disgusted to hear that you have authorized taxpayer money to endorse a
        plan to continue an aerial gunning program of the wolves in Alaska. Not only is it wrong
        to kill wolves in this manner, but you are using tax payer dollars to benefit special
        interest groups.   I ask you to stop this campaign, and turn to more environmental friendly
        measures .   If this campaign continues, I will be sure to tell all my soldiers about your
        actions and will support your opponent in the upcoming elections. Thank
        you.rnrnSincerely,rnMajor Victor Khayat



        victor.khayat@us.army.mil




                                                               1




                                                                                                          P RAGS P01 _0004104
