Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

               From :   Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZER]
              Sent:     Thursday, August 23, 2007 11:08 AM
              To:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: FW: Rural Community Outreach

             Governor & Mike:
            Just a quick update to follow on the last Cabinet meeting, in DOA we are looking to see how
            we can reach out to rural communities more effectively. In short, when I ran the clinic in Cold
            Bay, I had no idea I could have purchased medical supplies and EMT radios through the
            State's contracts. Working with DCED, we're going to get the word out to communities about
            savings; and look to the long-term with regional co-ops (you can see the list of issues in the
            email below).
            ak

            From: ]ones, Vern 0 (DOA)
            Sent: Thursday, August 23, 2007 9:38 AM
            To: Petro, Rachael A (DOA)
            Cc: Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Harvey, Walter R (DOA)
            Subject: RE: Rural Community Outreach

            I made contact with DCED Deputy Director Mike Black this morning. He seemed excited about the possibilities
            and had some great ideas to help us get our message out. We 've had a good story to tell for quite some time
            about how we can assist communities lower their purchase prices for a number of goods, and even have
            presentations ready to deliver, but we've struggled in reaching a rural audience . We're meeting today with
            Community Advocacy Director Tara Jollie and two of her rural services experts.




            From: Jones, Vern 0 (DOA)
            Sent: Tuesday, August 21, 2007 3:12 PM
            To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Brooks, Kevin A (DOA); Beecher, Carol L (DOA); Petro, Rachael A (DOA)
            Cc: Harvey, Walter R (DOA)
            Subject: Rural Community Outreach

            This is a follow-up to our discussion August 9t' regarding outreach to rural communities and businesses.
            I've met with staff several times to discuss ideas and options . We're working on two tracks - one to educate
            businesses in rural communities on how to be successful in doing business with the state and winning state
            contracts, and one to reach out to qualified political subdivisions to educate them on the contracts we have
            available that can save their communities' money and administrative costs.
            Here's what we have done or planned so far:
                  Staff are compiling lists of potential users and groups specific to each contract we have (DGS established
                    and WSCA/NASPO/MMCAP)
                  Staff are investigating organizations and associations those users may belong to (AML , Association of Fire
                    Chiefs, etc.) and what options there are to market to them (attending annual meetings, newsletters , mailing
                    or email lists)
                  Meeting with DCED Community Advocacy Director Tara Jollie set for 8/23 to get her ideas on the best
                    ways to reach and communicate with potential contract users and business owners , and what DCED can



            8/26/2009
                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0004111
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                   do to assist us
                "Quasi" state agencies (AK Railroad , ASMI, AHFC, UofA, etc.) will be contacted to see if there is an
                   opportunity to offer contracts they have established to rural governments
                Update our "How to do Business with the State" booklet to make sure it's appropriate for the rural audience
                Work has begun on scripts for two short instructional video presentations (one for poll-subs, one for
                   businesses) to be placed on websites and/or put on CDs for distribution
                Modifications to the DGS "Buying the Good Stuff" training session are being made with the rural political
                   subdivisions in mind
                We are also exploring what GSA and other states are doing in this area for ideas that might be appropriate
                   in Alaska
                I've instructed staff that our standard practice should be to sign up for all available WSCA and NASPO
                   contracts instead of only signing for those that a State agency has voiced an interest in

           Another, longer term idea we're pursuing is the formation of an in -state buyer's group or cooperative. We believe
           that the efforts mentioned above will help us develop a good list of candidates to include in such a cooperative.
           I'll keep you posted as we make progress on these projects.




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0004112
