Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
              Sent:    Wednesday, August 22, 2007 12:02 PM
              To:      Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:      Tom Irwin; Larry Persily; Larry Hartig ; Joseph Balash ; Michael Tibbles
              Subject: Shell/Beaufort Sea Exploration

            We met today with Marvin Odum, head of North American Exploration for Royal
            Dutch Shell, and three of his colleagues. He asked me to convey to you personally
            Shell's appreciation for the press statement you made in the aftermath of the Ninth
            Circuit's decision to enjoin exploratory drilling in the Beaufort pending a hearing in
            mid-December.

            Shell is not asking for anything further from the State. at this moment. However,
            they are proceeding with an effort to obtain the remaining federal permits as the
            predicate for demonstrating to the Court that Shell is prepared to proceed now with
            all necessary authorizations. Having gained the support of the Eskimo Whaling
            Commission, Shell is now working with the mayor of the North Slope Borough to
            determine whether the Borough is willing to remove itself from the current litigation.

            For whatever it's worth, I believe that Shell is pursuing the best available strategy.
            If they receive judicial approval by mid-September, they will have time to drill two
            exploratory wells. In the meantime, they are now doing seismic work. If they do not
            receive approval, Shell will terminate its efforts for this exploration season, and such
            a result may raise questions about the future.

            I asked Shell to stay in touch with the State and to let us know if further action by
            State officials seems useful.

            I haven't been in touch with you in a while. So, I hope all is well.

            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwkatlaskadc.org. Thank you.


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            j wkatalaskadc.org. Thank you.




           8/24/2009
                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0004097
