Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, August 24, 2007 8:30 AM
          To:                       morlock 93@hotmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, August 23, 2007 6:04 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Military_and_Veterans Affairs



         Web mail from: Mr. Jeremy Morlock

         address: 2 bn 1st inf reg bct Ft. Lewis WA 98433

          706-662-7266



        MESSAGE:

        Mrs. Sarah Palin rnrnSarah I wish I knew of a better way of getting in contact with you
        and I know your busy having a whole state to run but, I was writing because I had a
        question to ask. I guess I'll start off by letting you know where im at with things, being
        in the Army as an lower enslisted man its hard to get things done, I've been looking in to
        a regulation we have called a 'compassionate reassignment (AR 614-100).' It stipulates
        under certian circumstances a soldier can request to move duty stations to help care for
        family in need . I know you have known my family for some time and I think of you all as
        friends and you know my mother is now taking care of all the girls by herself while trying
        to keep a job. I'm not asking for pity for my family or myself, I'm just asking if there
        is anything you could do to help me with my process of getting home to Alaska to help. My
        direct chain of comand (team, squad leader) have been trying there best to help with out
        causeing!

         problems for them selves but, the fact is that my Unit is not really supporting me and
        trying to coax me to stay. I appreciate your time in reading this and any help you can
        offer.rnrn sincerely,rnPFC Morlock, Jeremyrn2/1 INF 5 SBCT



        morlock-93@hotmail.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004118
