Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
        Sent:                     Sunday, August 26, 2007 2:22 PM
        To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
        Subject:                  RE:


        She did not like Mark Kelsey's letter to the editor. I was not too happy to see it either
        especially since I did have a conversation with him about media letters. I told him that
        we are not putting a gag order on anyone especially on their own personal time but ask him
        to be very aware that public comments from our employees do reflect on the office. Even
        though I was a bit sympathetic to the issue Lorali raised, I was irritated with her tone
        which is why I sent her a response that was a bit terse.



        Mike



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Sunday, August 26, 2007 2:16 PM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Subject: Re:



       What is she talking about... or getting at?

       Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



       -----Original Message-----

       From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>



       Date: Sun, 26 Aug 2007 13:34:01

       To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

       Subject: FW:




       FYI - so you can see what Lorali Carter sent me and my short response.




                                                            1



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0004147
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent: Friday, August 24, 2007 5:16 PM

           To: Lorali Carter

           Subject: RE:




          Your assumptions are interesting considering I spoke to Tuckerman yesterday about the same
          issue and was very clear that his comments did not represent the Governor's position and
          that I intended to deal with the personnel matter.



          Mike




          From: Lorali Carter [mailto:lmcarter@matanuska.com]

           Sent: Friday, August 24, 2007 5:06 PM

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject:



         Mike,




         You and I both know what it means to be an at-will employee of the governor, in the
         governor's office. Now that another letter to the editor has been published by Kelsey, it
         appears that his actions have been approved by the governor; therefore I assume he is
         speaking on her behalf. I was led to believe from our prior emails that you were going to
         end Kelsey's personal public attacks on MEA. However, since these attacks continue, we
         are left to believe that he is speaking in his official capacity. Mike, unless you or the
         Governor write MEA a letter repudiating Kelsey's incendiary accusations, we will be left
         no alternative but to assume that what he writes is what you all believe.



         If you are interested in factual information about MEA, our new generation plans, or about
         our ideas for funding renewable energy projects, our team is eager to provide a briefing.



         Attached is the letter.




                                                        2



                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0004148
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Respectfully,

         Lorali




         Lorali Carter

         Matanuska Electric Association, Inc.

         Manager of Government and Corporate Communications

          (907) 761-9266

          (907) 841 - 7212 cell




                                                        3
