Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 10:28 AM
          To:                       azmax@gci.net
          Subject:                  RE: Boards-and-Com missions


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.   Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent: Sunday, August 26, 2007 10:19 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Boards-and-Commissions



          Web mail from: Ms. Amy Maclean

          address :   3101 W 32nd Ave Anchorage AK 99517

           907 248 5038



          MESSAGE:

          I oppose wolverine trapping in CHugach State Park. Wolverines are rare animals. It appears
          the decision was made in the best interest of a few trappers and not the general puplic
          who enjcy,if the are lucky seeing the few Wolverines there are alive.

         I dislike the attitude and decisions of the BOG. I have had a dog caught in a Conner Bear
         trap, luckily it was to big for her and I was able to find her and get her out of it after
         50 minutes. When I called the Fish and Game with my concern about the trap being placed
         about 20 ft from a popular trail, they didn't seem to care and were more concerned that I
         might of taken the trap.

         I think when an entity such as the BOG refuses to listen to puplic concerns about trapping
         in an increasingly used recreation area such as Chugach State Park - some changes need to
         be made. Since the BOG is uncooperative in working with the public on public concerns then
         maybe trapping should be stopped completely in Chugach State Park!!




         azmax@gci.net




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004164
