Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 10:25 AM
          To:                       quicksaberfash @gmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion , or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Monday, August 27, 2007 12:11 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          web mail from: Ms. Sylvia Armitstead

          address :   18633 Third Street Eagle River AK 99577

           509-306-9636



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Sarah, rn    It has come to my attention that you wish to continue the slaughter of
         Alaska's wolves. Why? There is no need to do this simply because the hunters want better
         game . If you look at any animal population there are natural fluxes. Natural rises and
         falls of certain populations of animals. rnThink of it this way. As wolf population grows,
         they will continue to eat Moose and Caribou. What I do not believe that you realize is
         that they can only continue to eat in excess so long as there is excess of moose and
         caribou. Once the populations of these vital creatures start to twindle, so in turn will
         the wolf population. Its a natural cycle that will continue to happen from now until the
         end of time. rnI believe that it is foolish to keep killing Alaska's wolves for such
         reasons. Especially by Ariel Wolf Hunting. If you are going to continue at least give the
         wolves the same chance as every other animal by making the hunters go by foot into the
         wilderness to kill !

         them. rnI have lived in Alaska my whole life and through all of my travels I have never
         gotten to see my favorite animal, the Wolf. Thats 21 years Mrs. Palin. Are you going to be
         a part of the thing that keeps me from ever seeing a live wolf in my own state? What
         about my children? Or there Children? You said all through your campaign how much of a
         family person you are, how much you love your own family and are family oriented. Prove it
         by keeping Alaska's Wolves safe, so that my family can see them someday... and not dead in
         a store either. rnrnThank you so much for your time, and please please at least write back
         to let me know that my own Governor takes the time to read these
         letters.rnrnSincerely,rnrnSylvia L. Armitsteadrnof Eagle River Alaska



         quicksaberflash@gmail.com

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004165
