Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Monday, August 27, 2007 3:29 PM
          To:                       jeffrey.ruckman@andersen.af.mil
          Subject:                   RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion , or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent: Monday, August 27, 2007 3:23 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Jeff Ruckman

          address: 2013A Bataan Lane Yigo OS 96929




          MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,rnl am currently enlisted in the United States Air Force stationed at
         Andersen AFB, Guam. I am emailing you in regards to the state flag of Alaska. We currently
         have all of the US flags except 5 on display at our base activity center. We conduct all
         of our formal affairs and functions at this location. The Alaska flag is 1 of 5 that we do
         not have. I have made it my goal to get all the flags and let each member from their state
         be represented with their state flag on display. We are using the standard 3 ft x 5 ft
         flag, any help that you can provide would be greatly appreciated.rnrnV/R,rnJeff Ruckman



         jeffrey.ruckman@andersen.af.mil




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004157
