Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 10:32 AM
          To:                       crazy_ass_guitarist@hotmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From : WebMail @gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state.ak.usJ

          Sent : Monday, August 27, 2007 1:34 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ehren Will

          address :   P.O. Box 770023 Eagle River AK 99577




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,



          I am no master of the political process , and certainly don't hold any voice of any great
          standing in the community, but I still have some questions for you regarding matters of
          the utmost importance in this nation as well as in this state, namely regarding the
          illegal war in which we are involved.  What are you doing to get our troops back home from
          overseas ? What are doing to stop the warrantless eavesdropping of phone conversations?
          The silent majority of this country, according to statistics is against the war in Iraq.
          How have you represented that majority? At the moment our country is being run by a
          warlord who has no qualms about stripping this country of all of its rights, ironically
          enough, in the name of freedom. This madness has gone to the point of requiring protest
          permits and other such restrictions which completely undermine the democratic process.   A
          great example of this in our own state was the manner in which things were managed when
          President Bush las!

          t came to Alaska. Protesters were contained miles away from Bush's actual public
          appearance in designated "Protest Zones", obviously to keep them out of sight and mind.
          This is a minor, yet quite grave example of the lack of freedom we seem to have these
          days.  So please, for the sake of the very scruples you tout and claim to defend, stand up
          and do something to stop the tyranny. It seems like most people these days are too
          distracted by the convenieces of society. Wake them up. Be a leader and lead our state
          forward in being one of the first to officially oppose the president and his ragime of
          self inflicted terror.  Like I said, I'm not anybody of particular political influence,
          nothing more than a college student in fact, but someday hopefully I will be, and whether
          you do anything or not, I will. On that note, I have faith in you as a governor. You
                                                                 1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0004162
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          don't seem to be anything like the gluttonous pig who you replaced (Murkowski), and that
          gives me hope . So please, !

          do the right thing.



          In the Pursuit of Peace,

          Ehren Will



          crazy_ass_guitarist@hotmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0004163
