Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Monday, August 27, 2007 9:36 AM
               To:        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: STARBASE Alaska Open house Invitation



              From: Nelson, Teresa D (AMYA)
              Sent: Friday, August 24, 2007 12:39 PM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject : STARBASE Alaska Open house Invitation

              Dear Governor Palin and Staff,

                     I am writing on behalf of STARBASE Alaska to extend to you an invitation to our
              open house at the BP Energy Center on August 30, 2007, from 9-11:30am or 2-4:30pm
              (invitation attached). This is a wonderful opportunity to learn first hand about this
              Department of Defense sponsored program.

                    I'm not sure how familiar you are with the STARBASE program, so I would like to
              give you some background information. There are 53 STARBASE Programs
              nationwide in 33 states. STARBASE is funded by the Department of Defense with the
              Universal mission to provide students an opportunity to learn about science and math.
              STARBASE Alaska is an Alaskan site (Located on Ft. Richardson) which offers free
              services to elementary schools in Alaska. Our target audience is currently 6th graders.

              Our goals for STARBASE Alaska are the following:
              Establish productive partnerships with schools and teachers to help students achieve
             educational standards as outlined in the Alaska Benchmarks.
              Increase student interest, confidence and achievement in science, math and
             technology.
              Build more effective socialization skills in children through improved self-esteem,
             teamwork, problem solving techniques, and decision-making.
              Help students understand how to identify and achieve their goals.
              Motivate students to improve their academic performance in school by illustrating the
             connection between education and real world applications beyond school.
              Strengthen youth resistance to negative influences , including gang involvement,
             substance and alcohol abuse.
              Conduct training courses that give educators the knowledge and resources they need
             to implement successful standards -based curriculum enhancements.
              Provide access to supplementary resources and materials that reinforce and build
             upon the STARBASE Curriculum.
                    Each class that attends the STARBASE Program participates in 5-days of hands-
             on science and math activities. We currently provide services to both the Anchorage
             and Mat-Su School Districts.

                       I hope you will be available on this day, and will look forward to meeting you.
             Thank you,


              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0004154
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


              Teresa Nelson
              STARBASE Alaska
              907-384-6309
               and Staff

              I am writing on behalf of STARBASE Alaska to invite you to attend our open house , Thursday,
              August 30th, at the BP Energy Center ( invitation attached).



              Teresa D. Nelson
              STARBASE Alaska
              (907) 384-6309
              teresa, nelson] @alaska. gov




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004155
