Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Monday, August 27, 2007 9:38 AM
         To:                        bsonder@comcast.net
         Subject:                   RE: Environment


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, August 24, 2007 12:40 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Environment



         Web mail from: Ms. Bonnie Sonder

         address: 354 Baird Road Juneau AK 99811




         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,rnl voted for you because I thought you were intelligent but most of all I
         assumed you were humane. That fact that you arernspending $400,000 of our tax money to
         promote the slaughter ofrnwolves is appalling. What is wrong with you, woman?
         Yournshould be deeply ashamed and I hope you never win another election. In fact, I will
         work to make sure that doesn't happen by working for any one that is your opponent. rnFor
         God's sake leave the poor beleagured wolves alone.   You are the equivalent of a Michael
         Vick.  You are both monsters with pretty faces .  Shame on you.



         bsonder@comcast.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004174
