Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 10:08 AM
          To:                       rkennedy@alaska.com
          Subject:                  RE: General-Administration


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .  Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Sunday, August 26, 2007 8:37 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: General Administration



          Web mail from :      Roisin kennedy

          address :   5421 Rabbit Crk Rd Anchorage AK 99516

           907-748-6184



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Gov .   Palin,



         I find $ 400,000.00 appropriated to "educate " citizens on aerial wolf hunting deplorable.
         The citizens of Alaska have voted on this issue on two previous occassions and sent their
         clear message to the governor . Murkowski and now yourself have ignored citizens wishes by
         manipulating verbage ie "predator control" to get around the citizen vote. What is the
         point of citizens voting and having a democracy when our elected officials ignore the
         citizen vote or find away around an edict?



         Furthermare , now state funds are being spent to "educate " voters in an attempt to sway the
         vote of the people .  I am very unhappy about this use of funds and find it hardly
         democratic in nature.



         rkennedyoalaska.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1 _0004167
