Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 9:52 AM
          To:                       irinidobeck@gmail.com
          Subject :                 RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailegov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, August 24, 2007 9:19 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish- and- Game




         Web mail from: Ms. Irini Dobeck

         address: Private Anchorage AK 99501




         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,



         Is it true that you not only sanction the aerial gunning of wolves, but have also signed
         off on a $400,000 state funded campaign to justify this? I sincerely hope you are not
         using my money as a tax payer to fund such a disgusting and barbaric act. I and many of
         my coworkers are absolutely outraged to think that any of our tax money would be used in
         such a despicable manner. We live in a civilized society, not a society that should be
         condoning and encouraging the actions of a barbaric nation.



         Please clarify the truth or falsehood of this heinous action. I can only assume that as a
         "mother, hockey manager and school volunteer" this must be a falsehood as this is not an
         example any parent would want to present to their children.



        Sincerely,




        Irini Dobeck

                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0004172
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          irinidobeck@gmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0004173
