Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.gov)
           Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 10:05 AM
           To:                       dogray22©gmail.com
           Subject:                  RE: Fish_and_Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Saturday, August 25, 2007 8:36 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Mr. Daryl Gray

          address: 1740 Minerva Way Anchorage AK 99515

           505-281-4172



          MESSAGE:

          To support the senseless slaughter of a beautiful species like the wolf by aerial gunning
          or any other method is a travesty. Wolves are a wonderful family oriented species that
          deserves so much better than what your trying to do to them, and to use taxpayer dollars
          to support your slaughtering of them is absolutely inexcusable, that's why to de-list the
          wolves would be a huge mistake. The wolves numbers are not where they need to be to
          sustain a healthy ecosystem. With only 58 wolves in the entire southwest and only 1300
          wolves in the entire northern Rockies the only place they have left to thrive is here in
          Alaska and your trying to rob them of that. Add to it the fact that the elk and caribou
          populations are at record numbers proves this fact. When alligators were hunted down and
          murdered in Florida almost to the brink of extinction there they were put on the
          endangered species list and now their numbers are over 1 million strong in Florida alone,
          how can any one with any !

         knowledge of what a properly balanced ecosystem should be say that only 1300 wolves in the
         entire northern Rockies is too much, that number is just a fraction of where the wolf
         populations should be to sustain a healthy ecosystem. The individual states themselves
         have already stated if the the wolves are de-listed they plan to eradicate them to the
         minimum acceptable level which is only 100 wolves in the northern states. So our state is
         like the last sanctuary for this beautiful animal to live with healthy numbers. What has
         happened to the days where nature decides what wildlife populations should be and allowing
         nature to balance the ecosystem like it has been for millions of years instead of
         politicians who spread misleading, false information and try to use scare tactics about
         wolves to pass their agenda and decide how many should be allowed to live and die in this
         country and on this planet for that matter. Essentially man is trying to play God and in
         doing so creating !

         more harm to this worlds fragile ecosystem and this topic con!
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004168
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          cerning the wolves just goes to prove this theory. Acts of violence towards this beautiful
          species is an outrage and needs to be stopped immediately, Wolves are one of the most
          intelligent, precious, and deserving of life species there is, and humanity needs to start
          recognizing their importance in this world. These people are murdering an animal that's on
          the endangered species list and this is absolutely unacceptable. These animals are on this
          list for good reason . If they were to be de-listed it would allow for states like Idaho
          and Wyoming to implement their hate wolf laws and start eradicating their species and this
          MUST not be permitted. Look how many needless murders of wolves is taking place with them
          on the list, imagine what would happen if they were removed from the list. There are laws
          in place protecting these animals and laws need to be enforced. This is a disgrace to what
          this country stands for, allowing aerial gunners, hunters, and ranchers to break the law !

         and murder these great animals due to loopholes in the laws, this is a travesty and it
         must be stopped immediately. This is one of the biggest reasons why the wolves must remain
         on the endangered species list with even more strict consequences to those murdering them.
         I can only pray humanity will awake from it's ignorance of these animals and start
         treating them with the love and respect they deserve. They try to use the excuse that the
         wolves predation of elk and caribou is to great but the fact is the northern Rockies
         states are reporting 17-20% above the projected numbers for elk and caribou and their
         numbers are .at record high levels according to the FWS. Furthermore, wolves make up for
         less thanl% of cattle deaths to ranchers herds and then they are compensated by Defenders
         of Wildlife and the US government for the cattle they do lose. Not to mention the huge $70
         million a year economical tourism boost the wolf watchers like myself bring to Alaska, and
         the northern Roc!

          kies states . It just seems like certain people are looking fol

         r any reason to hunt and kill them without care or consequence, what kind of world is this
         anyway where killing a wonderful family oriented species like the wolf is being allowed.
         It seems these people want take out their own personal frustrations out on the wolves.
         Hopefully we can help by standing up and being the voice for the wolves. rn rnThank you
         for your time and consideration.



         dogray22@gmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0004169
