Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 9:56 AM
          To:                       tjoneill@olg.com
          Subject:                  RE: Homeland-Security


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          ----- Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent: Saturday, August 25, 2007 9:11 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Homeland-Security



          Web mail from: Mr. Thomas O\'Neill

          address : 20675 Cutwater Place Sterling VA 20165

           703-404-0148



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor,

                 I am the former Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Navy.

          In that capacity I had the opportunity to develop numerous contacts in the Emergency

         Disaster Services arena.         I realize that your state officials must have contingency plans
         developed

         to assist your citizens in just about every conceivable type of natural and manmade
         disasters which my occur. However, to that end I would like to detail a couple of
         companies which have a 24/7 capability to deploy to disaster area and bring mobile
         equipment such as Mobile show units, laundry units kitchens, portable housing (Clear span
         structures etc )to house and feed up to 100,000 people.

         Another company which I have used has a 24/7 capability to deploy crews to clean up
         Nuclear, Biological and chemical problems, remediation of facilities for any type of
         contaminants and provide demolition and debris clean up. These companies can also hire
         your state citizens or bring their own crews. I wanted you to have this data available
         just in case. In this world of today's violence and treachery, state governments are not
         immune to terrorist and their so called great war against the United States.

         I have used both of these companies for such things as Presidential Inaugurations, the
         50th anniversary of the Central Intelligence Agency, NATO's 50th anniversary, Pentagon
         renovation, Hurricane recovery etc. If these capabilities interest you, please contact me
         at 703-404-0148 or my e-mail tjoneill@olg.com.   I always felt that it was better to have
         more assets available that not enough.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004170
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Very respectfully,

          Thomas O'Neill




          tjoneill@olg.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0004171
