Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From:    John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
             Sent:     Monday, August 27, 2007 5:05 AM
             To:       Michael Tibbles; Governor Sarah Palin
             Cc:       Larry Persily; Sam Bishop; Joseph Balash; Mike Nizich; Patricia Eckert; Sharon Leighow; Talis
                       Colberg
             Subject: Voice of the Times/Today's Column on Territorial Claims in the Arctic

            In today' s column entitled, "Alaska has a role to play in staking a North Pole Claim,"
            the voice of the times states:

                   As far as we know, neither the governor nor anyone else in her administration
                   even took note of what was going on - first with Canada jumping into the fray,
                   and staking its claim to the same territory the Russians deem to be theirs, and
                   shortly thereafter with Denmark getting into the act.

            With this in mind, I just wanted you to know that the Governor's DC office follows
            the territorial issue very closely. The predicate for the assertion by the US of
            territorial claims in the Arctic is Senate ratification of the Convention on the Law of
            the Sea, together with appropriate research. The Convention establishes the
            framework for the assertion of claims by individual countries before the United
            Nations.

            In the past, the State has supported Senate ratification of the Treaty. So does a
            majority of the Senate. However, ratification has been blocked by a few Senators
            who are concerned that the Convention will lead to the loss of US sovereignty. Quite
            the opposite is true.

           The word is that the Senate, with strong support from the Bush administration, will
           consider the Convention in the fall. Both of Alaska's Senators have previously
           supported the Convention. In addition, the Bush administration has taken steps to
           acquire the information necessary to assert a territorial claim.

           A quick call from someone at the Voice of the Times would have elicited the response
           that the Palin administration is very much aware of the current situation. Given the
           parliamentary situation in the Senate and the position of the Bush administration
           and Alaska's Senators, there is little more for us to do at this time.


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
           jwkatzna,alaskadc .org. Thank you.


           Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
           jwkatz@alaskadc .org. Thank you.




           8/24/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0004201
