Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
        Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 8:05 AM
        To:                       gov.sarah @yahoo.com
        Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Iynne_ smith@gov. state.ak.us
        Subject :                 RE: Today


        Governor,




        I have reworked the talking points for this morning and included them below. I talked to
        Kris this morning and she will prepare cards for you by the time you get in. Obviously,
        we can make any changes you wish.



       Mike




       Work Ready /College Ready

       August 27, 2007

       Governor Sarah Palin




       Thank you so much for coming this morning.




       Today we are announcing the State of Alaska's Work Ready/College Ready program ... and it
       truly is an exciting announcement.




       All too often, when we hear discussion about our education system and our kid's ability to
       succeed in the workplace, we hear two common messages . One, that we need to do more and
       two, that the government needs to spend more. While I agree that our education system
       must have the resources to be successful, we also must be innovative about how we spend
       our education dollars.




       We have all heard the bad news... that our dropout rate is too high and that too many kids
       that do graduate high school lack the necessary skills needed to enter many jobs, colleges
       or other types of training.




      Creating new job opportunities for our young Alaskans and preparing our kids for those
      opportunities is a top priority of this administration. In an unprecedented manner, our
      department of education and our department of Labor and Workforce Development have joined
      efforts to examine how we can increase graduation rates, attendance rates, and job
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004198
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        placement rates.



        A real focus has been placed on examining how students can learn academics in a work
        context and apply their skills in a work situation. Through the efforts of Commissioner
        Click Bishop and former Commissioner Roger Sampson, the State of Alaska will be
        implementing a system that will identify gaps between student skills and employment needs.
        Our Ready/College Ready program will help align our curricula to meet the job skills
        employers need and not only help our students see the connection between school and work
        but actually document a student's readiness for work. Something the private sector, all
        employers and parents can get excited about.




        Our program is based upon assessing and improving three basic skill areas - applied math,
        reading for information, and locating information -- that are critical to transitioning
        from high school to the workplace, college or occupational training. It also empowers
        students and job-seekers by letting them know what level of skills they need to enter the
        fields they are interested in.



        I can't stress enough how imperative it is to have a trained workforce. With the prospect
        of a natural gas pipeline coming online in the next decade - we NEED to be prepared. We
        also need to do everything we can to make sure Alaskans have opportunities to stay here
        and seek good, high-paying jobs. I know none of us like to see jobs going to folks
        outside.




        I am happy to have Roger Sampson return today for this announcement and I will now turn it
        over to him to further explain the program.




       -----Original Message-----

       From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

       Sent: Monday , August 27, 2007 7:44 AM

       To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

       Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry,     Kristina Y (GOV);     Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

       Subject: Today



       What is the agenda for today' s presser - and does roger have talking pts ready to go for my
       participation this morning? I haven't seen anything on this roll-out.

       Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0004199
