Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
         Sent:                     Monday, August 27, 2007 1:14 PM
         To:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
         Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
         Subject:                  RE: Governor's calendar for tomorrow, Tuesday a.m.


         Rep. Neuman is requesting to meet with you in regards to: Education, Agriculture, and
         diminishing Mat-Su salmon runs.  He stated mostly Education and Agriculture.  Janice



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Monday, August 27, 2007 1:12 PM

         To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Stapleton, Meghan N (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Governor's calendar for tomorrow, Tuesday a.m.



         What is Nueman's issue to be discussed?




         We can do a quick matmaid tour tomorrow. Plus visit a classroom? (My brother always says
         his class is open), plus more B and C mtgs... then the fair. And Bill's interview.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>



         Date: Mon, 27 Aug 2007 13:08:52

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: FW: Governor's calendar for tomorrow, Tuesday a.m.




        I have a message into to Janice on the schedule tomorrow, but wanted you to see below.
        Von Scheben cancelled the meeting.




                                                               1



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004219
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

           Sent: Monday, August 27, 2007 10:37 AM

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Governor's calendar for tomorrow, Tuesday a.m.

           Importance: High




         Mike/Kris - Commissioner von Scheben has to cancel the meeting for Tuesday a.m. as he is
         in Washington on state business.  We need to fill in Tuesday morning again.



         Also, Comm. Kreitzer had to cancel meeting on August 30 due to illness in family.




         Rep. Neuman wants the Governor to meet in Wasilla the morning of Wednesday, August 29 so
         that he does not need to drive all the way into Anchorage? I need to get back to him on
         this request.   He is available that morning. Governor could meet with him @ 9:00 for 30
         minutes and then drive in for her first meeting at the office that begins @ 10:30 a.m.
         with the Mayor.



         Please let me know on these. Janice




                                                       2



                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0004220
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              8/28 -- Start Spreading the Word                                                                                                   Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Tuesday, August 28, 2007 1:46 PM
              To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: uschamber.com Weekly: Start Spreading the Word



              From: membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com)
              Sent: Tuesday, August 28, 2007 10:44 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored)
              Subject : uschamber.com Weekly: Start Spreading the Word

                    uschamber.com Weekly is being sent to govemor@gov.state.ak.us as a member benefit on behalf of the Alaska State Chamber of
                                                                              Commerce.
                                If you have trouble reading this e-mail or clicking the links , you can read uschambercom Weekly online.




                                                      uschamber.com
                                 THE SMALL BUSINESS PUBLICATION OF THE U.S. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

                         MEMBERSHIP                 In This Week's Newsletter: August 28, 2007
                        INFORMATION                 >> Commentary: Start Spreading the Word
                                                       Washington Update: Anti-Counterfeiting, Auto Jobs Coalition, Disaster Recovery
                Your member number is:              >> Economic Outlook: Mixed Bag on Housing Figures
                5301555                                Regional News: Health Care Veto, High-Tech Lag, Foreclosure Surge
                Log in to the Web site.
                                                    >> Tips & Tools: Giving Healthy Benefits
                                                       In the Magazine: Finding Office Space to Fit Your Needs
                                                    >> Member Benefits: FedEx, Monster, Yellow
                    CHOOSE FEDEX AND
                         SAVE
                                                     COMMENTARY
                U.S. Chamber members enjoy
                discounts up to 20% on select       Start Spreading the Word
                FedEx Express® services, up         By Tom Donohue
                to 12% on select FedEx
                Ground® services and 15%           Last week the U.S. Chamber held six events in four days in Los Angeles to highlight I
                on select FedEx Kinko'ssN          devastating impact counterfeiting and piracy are having on business brand names an
                services . Members call 800-
                345-8227 and mention code
                                                   sales , public health and safety, and the economy. Activities included press conferenc
                150-14, or visit our online        with Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and numerous members of Congress, a
                member benefits center for         event with fashion designers, and a police raid on counterfeiting operations in L.A.'s
                more information and to sign       infamous Santee Alley that involved U.S. Chamber investigators.
                up.
                                                   Read the rest of this article.
                         IN THE NEWS

                "The study [on purchases of
                counterfeit goods) confirmed
                what we already knew: That          WASHINGTON UPDATE
                the buying of these products
                is widespread and is viewed
                as a victimless crime."            Chamber Concludes L.A. Anti-Counterfeiting Week
                                                   The U. S. Chamber wrapped up a highly successful week of educational and media e'
                --Caroline Joiner, executive       on the topic of counterfeiting and piracy in Los Angeles last week , culminating in a pc
                director of the Chambers
                global anti-counterfeiting and
                                                   raid that resulted in the seizure of more than $10 million in fake products and five arrf
                                                   Over the four days, the Chamber held six events featuring state and local officials,
                                                   members of Congress , and business leaders.



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004221
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              8/28 -- Start Spreading the Word                                                                                      Page 2 of 3



                  piracy initiative,
                  The Los Angeles Times.
                                                  Get the facts on counterfeiting and piracy at TheTrueCosts.org.
                  August 20
                                                  Chamber Launches Auto Jobs Coalition
                                                  The U. S. Chamber has joined other U.S. business groups to form the Automotive Jobs
                  NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND            Action Coalition (AJAC). This national grassroots coalition will raise awareness among
                   RALLY ON THE HILL              policy makers about the real costs associated with extreme increases in the fuel economy
                                                  standards , including putting 2.3 million automotive jobs at risk, limiting consumer choice,
                 The U.S. Chamber of
                                                  and undermining automotive safety.
                 Commerce will host a rally on
                 Capitol Hill on September 26,    Read the press release.
                 2007 from 1 PM - 4PM.
                 Attendees will visit members
                 of Congress to lobby for
                                                  Chamber, SBA Partner on Disaster Preparedness , Recovery
                 strengthening and                The U. S. Chamber's Business Civic Leadership Center (BCLC) and the Small Business
                 reauthorizing No Child Left      Administration (SBA) announced a historic agreement to work together on disaster
                 Behind (NCLB).                   preparedness and recovery. Local chambers of commerce will join BCLC and the SBA
                 Sign up today.
                                                  and its partners in sharing a variety of information and resources.

                                                  Read the press release.



                                                   ECONOMIC OUTLOOK
                                                  Mixed Bag on Housing Figures
                                                  August 28, 2007--Housing starts fell 6.1% to 1.38 million units in July and are down 20.9%
                                                  year-over-year. Concurrently, new home sales increased 2.8% to 870,000 units. Industrial
                                                  production increased 0.3% in July while the Index of Leading Indicators rose 0.4%. Last,
                                                  new orders for durable goods jumped a much larger-than-expected 5.9%.

                                                  Get further analysis.




                                                  REGIONAL NEWS
                                                 This Week' s Regional News : http://www.uschamber.com/publicationstweekly/ regional/

                                                 Northeast
                                                 N.H.: High Tech Industry Lagging, Experts Say
                                                 R.I.: Small Businesses Get Health Insurance Plan

                                                 Southeast
                                                 La.: Officials Say State Was Shorted on Fisheries Funds
                                                 S.C.: Governor's Panel to Vote on Energy Suggestions

                                                 Central Plains
                                                 Ind.: Job Losses Propel Foreclosures
                                                 Ohio: Renewable Energy Bill to be Announced

                                                 West
                                                 Ariz.: State Joins Regional Greenhouse Gas Plan
                                                 Calif.: Governor Warns of Health Care Veto



                                                  TIPS £t TOOLS
                                                 Giving Healthy Benefits
                                                 As a business owner in a competitive market , you want to make sure you -and your
                                                 employees-- are getting the right amount of health care coverage at the best rate.
                                                 Our Employer Toolkit can help you decide what benefits to provide your employees and
                                                 how to find a provider that will meet your needs.

                                                 Get started on your benefits plan.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0004222
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               8/28 -- Start Spreading the Word                                                                                                                                      Page 3 of 3


                                                       IN THE MAGAZINE

                                                     Finding Office Space to Fit Your Needs
                                                     After personnel costs , rent accounts for the most significant portion of a business'
                                                     expenditures . For business owners not schooled in the intricacies of leasing , here are
                                                     some points to consider.

                                                     Read the rest of this article.
                   ..............................................................................

                 If you do not wish to receive U . S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject line, or click
                 here. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on your Subscription Management
                 Page. You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed . For more information about U . S. Chamber member
                 benefits, call our dedicated customer service line at 1-800-638-6582.

                 The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter. Advertisements do not
                 constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                   .............................                        TWO IMPORTANT NOTES                                .
                                                                                                         . . . . . .. . . ... . . . . . . .. . . . . . .. . . .. .. . . . . . . . . . . .. . .... . . .
                                                                                                                                                               .                        ....

                 First, don't forget to add us to your address book or "approved senders list" to ensure our messages do not get blocked -
                 - this way you will receive each issue in a timely and consistent manner.

                Second, be aware that we do not send any attachments from this e -mail address. Never open any suspicious
                attachments even if the message appears to come from uschamber. com Weekly.

                  ............................                         USCHAMBER . COM WEEKLY ......................
                                                                                              . .. . ... . ...... . ... : .. . .. . ....... . . . ...

                                                                            uschamber.com Weekly
                                                                               Editor: John Reid
                                                                    Writers: Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo


                                                                           Subscriber Tools

                                                               You are subscribed as: governor©gov .state.ak.us

                                                           Subscribe I Forward this message I Contact us
                                                      Manage subscriptions I Receive as plain text I Auto-unsubscribe




                                                  U.S. Chamber of Commerce 11615 H Street , NW I Washington , DC 20062
                                                                       www. uscha mber. com/sb




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0004223
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               Re: Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday                                                                                  Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From :     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
               Sent:      Wednesday , August 29, 2007 8:44 AM
               To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject : RE: Janice : Ppt meeting Re: Friday
              OK.


              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mai Ito: gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Wed 8/29/2007 8:41 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday

              Not yet. Let me get thru this MatMaid presser before we set up addl discussions outside admin.
              Sent from my B1ackBer y® device from Cellular one

              -----Original Message----
              From : "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike. tibbles@alaska.gov>

              Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 08:34:19
              To:gov. sarah@yahoo.com
              Subject: RE: Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday


              Do you feel confident enough that we can get things finalized today that I can have support staff start setting up
              meetings for tomorrow and friday (making calls today to set up meetings for tomorrow and friday)? Beyond the
              overall approach, the tax rate issue is still outstanding.


              Mike



              From: gov.sarah@yahoo. com fmailto :gov.sarah(a,yahoo.com]
             Sent: Wed 8/29/2007 8:23 AM
             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Janice : Ppt meeting Re: Friday



             Yes, wee must spend time this aft.

             And tomorrow I will be heading back to Valley at 2:30, immediatley aft last interview, I will be unavailable from
             3:30 to 4:30.
             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

             -----Original Message-----
             From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@ alaska.gov>

             Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 08:18:27
             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Subject: RE: Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday


             OK, I just got logged back in. My cell died overnight.



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                              P RA GSP01 0004224
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               Re: Janice : Ppt meeting Re: Friday                                                                                   Page 2 of 3



              I will follow up to make sure the judges are moved and notified they will be participating in a phone interview . I will plan on
              staying in Anchorage well.
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Since Monday is a holiday, thursday and friday are our best days to brief legislators on the direction we are going. I am
              hopeful that we can work out final detail with you today and start our disucssions with legislators tomorrow . We still need to
              put together the talking points , charts , etc. The data should speak for itself, so the charts and talking points should not be too
              difficult. We should focus on the appropriate revenues to the state as well as maintaining a positive environment for new
              companies to come explore , invest and develop our resources.

              This afternoon, can we spend time finalizing where we are at?

              Mike




               From: gov.sarah @yahoo.com lmailto : gov.sarah (
                                                              c,yahoo .com <mailto : aov.sarah0vahoo.com> ]
              Sent: Wed 8/29/2007 6:49 AM
              To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject: Janice : Ppt meeting Re: Friday



             J- i can't be absent from ppt debate tonight and tomorrow - I'll have to conduct judges interviews via telephone . Mike can
             help with the re-arranging of Rep Thomas' mtg- I'm wondering if he can fly up here tonight or tomorrow if his mtg can't wait
             until my travels down there next wk.

             Pls don't schedule anything after the judges interviews tomorrow - I'll need to keep it clear for internal gross/ppt "convincing
             debate/discussions" with the team and then legislators.

             Mike- I may ask revenue/oil folks to come for casual dinner at my house thursday night for fuller explanations of where they
             think we should go on ppt/gross . I'll ask Kris to help me with that. This is the most imp roll-out we'll engage in ... if we're not
             all on the same page , then we' re doing Alaskans a major disservice.


             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

             -----Original Message-----
             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 14:35:32
             To:"Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>
             Subject: Ppt meeting Re: Friday


             I can do Juneau tues evening- thurs next wk instead of tonight. Ppt is way too impt to be absent from the discussions . Thomas
             and Wilson should be told of the ppt importance this week , can they either fly up here if their mtg tomorrow can't wait, or be
             patient with my schedule until i can get there tues-thurs next week.
             Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One

            -----Original Message-----



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0004225
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Re: Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 13:17:34
              To:"Michael A Tibbles" <mike .tibbles@alaska.gov>
              Subject: Re: Friday


              Doesnt it make sense for me to also conduct the interviees via phone, as I've done every other judge interview? And I'm still
              not comfortable with the ppt/gross presentation from yest. We still haven't spoken to Mark.

              this week's schedule again got pretty full with mtgs that could wait, in light of the gravity of the ppt discussions that are so
              important to tackle before tues. Remember im booked over the weekend so yest, today and tomorrow are very imp days for
              my participation in ppt debate. We have to strategize better on the scheduling when we know something huge is around the
              comer so our days are more flexible leading up to a big roll-out again.
              ------Original Message------
              From: Michael A Tibbles
              To: Governor Sarah Palin
              Sent: Aug 28, 2007 10:05 PM
              Subject: RE: Friday

              We were working on a plan tonight to get to legislators about PPT by dividing our folks into teams. If we do walk through
              the economics we can show that we have studied many options and have the best balance of revenue and positive investment
              climate. We all concluded that thursday and friday are critical to reach legislators and that it would be very helpful if I could
              take several of the meetings (namely Lyda and Charlie). What would you think if I stayed in anchorage thurs and did not go
              to Juneau and participate in the judicial interviews?
              We have done a pretty good tag team approach so far and I do not to leave you short staffed.


              -----Original Message-----
              From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              To: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>; "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>;
              "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
              Sent: 8/28/2007 8:40 PM
              Subject: Friday

              Can we swtich friday's DOC mtg to after the 10:00 am speech?
              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0004226
