Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Wednesday, August 29, 2007 3:07 PM
          To:                        anjyla_k@yahoo.com
          Subject:                   RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

          Sent : Wednesday, August 29, 2007 8:56 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Angela Krzynowek

          address: 7th Signal Brigade, CMR 437 Box 1969 APO OS 09267

            (011)(49)621-717-7647



          MESSAGE :

          I am writing this email to your office because I have not received any follow up from Sen.
          Murkowski's office.   I had spoken to someone who told me it would be answered; however, it
          has not been.  Though I am in Germany at the moment because of my husband's job (US Army),
          I am still a resident of AK. It still frustrates me and angers me that I cannot receive
          unemployment because I am in another country on US Federal order (even based on federal
          land and regulations).   I got to Germany on August 7th and have been looking for a job
          since. We are struggling at the moment because we have always relied on 2 incomes and it
          gets me very upset every time I think about the fact that if I was in Canada or the lower
          48 I would be eligible for the unemployment. I have always had a job (in AK itself for 7
          years+) and have paid my due shares for unemployment insurance and this is ridiculous. I
          would really truly appreciate it if someone could, please, give me some follow up in this
          situ!

          ation .    I have included the original email I sent to Senator Murkowski's office. Thank
          you.




         Date:      Mon, 30 Jul 2007 03:07:35 -0700 (PDT)
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0004255
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: " Anjyla Krzynowek " < anjyla_k@yahoo . com>      Add to Address BookAdd to Address Book Add
          Mobile Alert

          Subject:       Fwd: Unemployment Issues

          To:     alaskaoffice@murkowski . senate.gov



              Hello. My name is Angela Krzynowek .  I had talked to someone on Thursday about this
          issue I am having with Unemployment . He suggested I write a letter or email about the
          whole issue.



              I am moving to Germany Aug 5th . My husband is in the U . S. Army and got stationed
          overseas . Last November I had called and spoken to a case worker in the Unemployment
          Office and was told that I would be eligible for unemployment ( even in Germany ) because my
         husband was military .  This past June I spoke to someone different and was told that I had
         gotten false information from the first person I spoke to at the Unemployment office;
         apparently , I am not eligible for unemployment because I will be in another country. This
         past week I called unemployment one final time .     I hoped to talk to someone who would be
         knowledgeable about what false and why .     The woman I spoke to was very helpful and
         actually looked up the rules / regulations .   She told me that if I was moving to any of the
         50 states , U.S. territories , U.S. (?) Virgin Islands - or even Canada then I would be
         covered ; however, because I would be in Germany I wouldn't be eligible for unemployment,
         regardless of the fac!

         t that my husband was U . S. Army and we would be living on a federally regulated post.



             My whole issue here is        simple .  I think it is incredible that I would be eligible for
         unemployment if I moved to        Canada .  Canada does not have any military bases on it, nor is
         it a U . S. territory . Yet,      if I move with my husband who is serving in the United State's
         Army overseas ( on military       orders ) to a federally mandated / regulated military post I
         cannot recieve unemployment benefits .        This bewilders me and is absolutely frustrating.



             I would definitely appreciate any feedback , resolutions or suggestions regarding this
         matter.  I appreciate your time.  My number is 830 - 2928. My work number is 753-1215.
         Thank you again.



                Sincerely , Angela Krzynowek



         anjyl a-k@yahoo.com




                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0004256
