Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, August 29, 2007 2:46 PM
         To:                       zacharyrohr@hotmail.com
         Subject:                  RE: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion , or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Wednesday, August 29, 2007 7:17 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Military-and-veterans-Affairs



         Web mail from : Mr. zachary Rohr

         address: p .o. box 31 ninilchik AK 99639

          9075671014



         MESSAGE:

         Dear governor Palin,

         My name is Zachary Jay Rohr, I have been in the Navy on active duty for 3 years and am
         deploying to Iraq in September as a field Medic for the Marines. During my time in the
         Military I have met people from all around the nation who have free collage when they
         return to their home state, like Texas. I was wondering why Alaska does not have a similar
         program for their vetrins. Because Recruiting for the miliary is what it is today I
         sighned a contract where I do not recieve the Montgomery GI bill even though it was
         promised. Perhaps there is such a program in Alaska that I am unaware of or havent found,
         in either case I would greatly apreciate feedback on the topic. With all that is going on
         in my life it would be a great peace of mind if I didnt have to worry about tuition when I
         return home. Thank you for your time and your commitment to the state of Alaska.

                                                    Sincerily,

                                                    Zachary Jay Rohr



         zacharyrohr@hotmail.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           P RA_GS P01 _0004257
