Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                     Lisa Parker [LParker@agrium.com]
          Sent:                      Tuesday, August 28, 2007 2:22 PM
          To:                        Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
          Cc:                        Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
          Subject:                   Agrium Kenai Nitrogen Operations


          Governor Palin




          Attached is a letter discussing issues associated with Agrium's Kenai Nitrogen Operations
          that we thought you should be aware of. We want you and your administration to be aware
          of the critical nature of our facility at this juncture.



          Our future does not appear bright. At what point would you like us to inform you that we
          will be closing the facility and laying off 150 Alaskan workers?




          We are available to meet should you so desire to.



          Sincerely yours,



          Lisa Parker




          Lisa Parker

          Manager, U.S. Government Relations

          Agrium Corporate Relations

          907-776-3275 (office)

          907-398-1883 (mobile)

          907-776-5766 (fax)

          lparker@agrium.com



          IMPORTANT NOTICE !

          This E-Mail transmission and any accompanying attachments may contain confidential
          information intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. Any
          dissemination, distribution, copying or action taken in reliance on the contents of this
         E-Mail by anyone other than the intended recipient is strictly prohibited and is not
         intended to, in anyway, waive privilege or confidentiality. If you have received this E-
         Mail in error please immediately delete it and notify sender at the above E-Mail address.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0004235
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Agrium uses state of the art anti-virus technology on all incoming and outgoing E-Mail. We
          encourage and promote the use of safe E-Mail management practices and recommend you check
          this, and all other E-Mail and attachments you receive for the presence of viruses. The
          sender and Agrium accept no liability for any damage caused by a virus or otherwise by the
          transmittal of this E-Mail.




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0004236
