Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
        Sent:                     Tuesday, August 28, 2007 8:35 AM
        To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
        Subject:                  RE: Interview


        Hello Governor,

        Thank you for the kind/encouraging words!          Always interesting what and how they put things
        together for the final product.

        See you Thursday!



        Erika




        Erika Fagerstrom

        Executive Residence Manager

        Governor's House

        State of Alaska, Office of the Governor

        716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801

        Phone: 907-465-3500; Fax: 907-465-2031




        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Monday, August 27, 2007 7:36 PM

        To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

        Cc: 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Stapleton,
        Meghan N (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

        Subject: Interview



        Hi Erika!

       I just listened to your APRN interview... that was awesome... great job, and thanks so
       much for tackling the mansion repairs issue with the media. Thank you!




                                                            1



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0004240
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 4



                Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
                From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent:    Tuesday, August 28, 2007 9:45 AM
                To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Cc:      Michael A Nizich; Larry Persily; Sam Bishop; Cora Crome; Kris Perry; Meghan Stapleton; Michael
                         Tibbles; Sharon Leighow; Talis Colberg
                Subject: Re: US Arctic Claims

               In response to your interest in having additional information, I have reviewed several
               documents and have attached just two. The first is a good summary which
               appeared as an article in the Wall Street Journal on August 22nd.

               The second is a brief excerpt from a Congressional Research Report updating an
               earlier CRS study. As you will note, the excerpt deals with the National Security
               considerations associated with the Convention. Since National Security is the
               principal reason cited by most opponents, I thought that this brief point-
               counterpoint would be useful.

               I am not an expert in international law, but the arguments made by the Legal
               Advisor to the State Department and by the US Navy were convincing to me.
               Despite this, I know that the opponents, including various bloggers, will not give up
               on their opposition to the Convention.


              Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
              jwkatznalaskadc . org. Thank you .


              >>> On 8/28/2007 at 11:18 AM, in message <867444738-1188314279-
              cardhu_decombobulator blackberry.rim.net-606684654-
              @bxe039.bisx.prod.on.blackberry>, <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:
                 Got it. I appreciate this info, as I have to be honest with you in my need for an
                 education on this topic. I've been absent from this international debate - so feel
                 free to pile on any addl info you deem appropriate for me to absorb on this.
                 Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

                  -----Original Message-----
                  From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@,ALASKADC.org>

                  Date: The, 28 Aug 2007 11:13:35
                  To: <gov. sarah@yahoo.com>
                  Cc:"Michael A Nizich" <mike.nizich@ alaska .gov>,"Larry Persily"
                  <lpersily@ALASKADC. org>,"Sam Bishop"
                  <sbishop. gwpo .gwdom@,ALASKADC.org>,"Cora Crome"
                  <cora crome@gov.state. ak.us>, "Kris Perry"
                  <kris_perry@gov. state .ak.us>,"Meghan Stapleton"
                  <meghan_stapleton@gov.state. ak.us>,"Michael Tibbles"



              6/9/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0004241
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 4


                   <michael_tibbles@gov. state . ak.us >," Sharon Leighow"
                   <sharon_leighow@gov.state . ak.us>,"Talis Colberg"
                   <Talis. Colberg@law. state . ak.us>
                   Subject: Re: US Arctic Claims


                   There have been no Senate votes in recent history. So, A. hard to tell exactly
                   who supports the Convention and who does not.

                   Previously, Senators Lott (MS) and Inhofe (OK) have confirmed their opposition.
                   On the other hand, Senators Biden and Lugar, Chairman and Ranking Member,
                   respectively , of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , support the Convention,
                   but it is not yet clear whether they will bring it up this year.

                   According to Senator Murkowski ' s staff, the Senator is getting Alaska constituent
                   mail on both sides of ratification. A majority supports approval.

                  I think we can expect some opposition in Alaska if you support the Convention.
                  There are some Alaskans who believe that the US has failed to assert its
                  sovereign rights to Wrangel Island and certain other islands owned by Russia.
                  These individuals can be expected to oppose ratification of the Convention for fear
                  of losing US sovereignty.

                  I know from precious experience that these folks can be quite vigorous in their
                  opposition . However, most experts believe that , in the absence of US approval of
                  the Convention, we would have to assert our rights unilaterally. For these
                  reasons, they favor the Convention, because it creates a forum for adjudicating
                  claims in a quasi judicial manner.


                  Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                  <mailto .jwkatz@,alaskadc . org>jwkatz@alaskadc.org . Thank you .



                  Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
                  <mailto-jwkatz@alaskadc.org>jwkatz@alaskadc.org. Thank you .

                  >>> On 8/28/2007 at 10:18 AM, in message <1751581980-1188310662-
                  cardhu_decombobulator blackberry.rim.net-540377570-
                  @bxe039.bisx.prod.on. blackberry>, <gov.sarah@yahoo.com> wrote:

                  This sounds good - unless I'm missing something , these sentiments reflect my
                  position . Who are the senators in opposition?

                 After we finalize, Sharon can send this letter to the international reporter who
                 asked about this issue on Sunday.
                 Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

                 -----Original Message-----


              6/9/2009

                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0004242
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                        Page 3 of 4


                  From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

                  Date: The, 28 Aug 2007 10:11:44
                  To:"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                  Cc: "Larry Persily" <lpersily®a ALASKADC. org>,"Sam Bishop"
                  <sbishop@ALASKADC.org>,"Cora Crome " <cora_crome@gov.state . ak.us>,"Kris
                  Perry" <kris_perry@gov. state. ak. us>, " Meghan Stapleton"
                  <meghan _stapleton@gov. state . ak. us>," Michael Tibbles"
                  <michael_tibbles@gov. state . ak.us>, "Sharon Leighow"
                  <sharon_leighow@gov. state . ak.us>
                  Subject: US Arctic Claims

                  This is through Mike Tibbles

                  Per your request, I have drafted the letter below to Senators Stevens = and
                  Murkowski for your consideration.



                  Dear Senator -------

                 It is my understanding that the US Senate may consider the United = Nations
                 Convention on the Law of the Sea in the fall.

                 With this in mind, I am writing to express my strong support for = Senate
                 ratification of the Convention . In my opinion , the Convention = would be
                 beneficial to the US and Alaska in various ways, but I want to = focus on one
                 aspect in this correspondence.

                 As you know, several Arctic nations have recently asserted claims to = submerged
                 lands off their coasts . The Convention on the Law of the = Sea establishes the
                 framework for these assertions . To date, 155 = nations, including Canada and
                 Russia, have approved the Convention . = If the US does not ratify the
                 Convention, the opportunity to pursue our = own claims to offshore areas in the
                 Arctic Ocean might well be = lost.

                 As a consequence , our rightful claims to hydrocarbons , = minerals, and other
                 natural resources could be ignored. In this = regard , geologists have
                 prognosticated that billions of barrels of crude = oil and vast quantities of natural
                 gas - not to mention various hard = rock minerals - might be present in the
                 Arctic . In the absence of = affirmative action by the Senate , these resources
                 could become the = property of nations with less valid claims.

                It is my understanding that the Bush administration and many = Senators, both
                Republicans and Democrats , have expressed support for = Senate ratification of
                the Convention . However, as you know, = ratification has been thwarted by a
                small group of Senators who are = concerned about the perceived loss of US
                sovereignty.

                I believe th at quite the contrary is the case . If the US does = not ratify the


             6/9/2009

                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0004243
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                        Page 4 of 4


                  Convention , we will be denied access to the forum establishe = d by the
                  international community to adjudicate claims to submerged lands = in the
                  Arctic.

                  I also urge that the Congress authorize the programs and funds = necessary for
                  the US to assert its sovereign rights . The assertion = of such rights requires
                  significant research and information gathering .& nbs= p; Other Arctic nations
                  have recently begun this process, and I understand = that the US is moving in
                  this direction as well.

                 I believe that you have previously supported Senate ratification of = the
                 Convention . With this letter, I want to put my Administration on = record in
                 support of the Convention as the predicate for asserting = sovereign rights that
                 will be of benefit to Alaska and the nation . = Hopefully, this letter will assist you
                 in articulating Alaska' s = position to your c olleagues in the Senate.

                 Thank you for considering my views.



                 Please note t hat my email address has = changed . My new email address = is
                 <mailto:jwkatz@ alaskadc . org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org. = Thank you .




            6/9/2009

                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0004244
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



      U.S. Resistance to Sea Treaty Thaws                                   http://www.viet-studies.info/kinhte /us_resistance to_sea treaty_thaws.htm

                     Wall Street Journal


                     U.S. Resistance to Sea Treaty Thaws
                     As Arctic Opens Up, Unlikely Alliance
                     Helps to Persuade Senate Skeptics
                     By NEIL KING JR
                     August 22, 2007; Page A6



                     WASHINGTON -- What do the Nature Conservancy , Exxon Mobil Corp., offshore oil drillers, the
                     fishing, shipping and diamond industries, President Bush and the U.S. Navy have in common?

                      RULING THE SEAS                              Answer: They all support a little-known but highly
                                                                   contentious international treaty -- set to come before the
                                                                   U.S. Senate next month for ratification -- that governs
                                                                   nearly every aspect of ocean law, from underwater
                      The effort to lay down comprehensive         mineral rights to access to shipping lanes.
                      rules for navigation and use of the sea
                      goes back centuries.                          The 208-page Law of the Sea Convention, debated since
                      1702 -- Dutch jurist Cornelius                the 1930s and sealed in 1982, has stirred passions for
                      Bynkershoek, in his book "De Dominio          decades in Washington. Critics in the Senate have
                     Marls," asserts that states should have        repeatedly blocked its ratification, saying the pact would
                     a territorial right to the waters within       undercut U.S. sovereignty. Supporters tout the treaty as
                     three nautical miles of their shores, or       a pillar of international law and key to long-term U.S.
                     roughly the distance of a cannon shot,         security. The U.S. is now one of fewer than 40
                     which becomes the custom in most              countries, and the only significant power, not to have
                     parts of the world.                           joined.
                     1918 -- President Wilson makes
                     "absolute freedom of navigation upon          That is now almost certain to change, for three reasons:
                     the seas" one of the Fourteen Points in       scarce energy sources, the thawing Arctic ice cap and
                     his blueprint for peace after World War       the U.S. Navy's desire for unfettered access to the
                     I.                                            world's seaways. These motivations have helped
                                                                   galvanize an odd coalition of environmentalists, oil
                     1930 -- A League of Nations
                                                                   interests and military brass to persuade enough senators
                     conference in the Hague tries for the         to back the treaty.
                     first time to hammer out a legal treaty
                     on use of the sea, but the gathering          The renewed interest has grown more intense amid a
                     ends in failure.                              scramble to claim undersea territories in the
                      1945 -- President Truman unilaterally        resource-rich Arctic.
                     claims the right to search for oil or
                     other minerals on any part of the U.S.       Looking to buttress its legal case for ownership of a
                     continental shelf, forcing many other        massive undersea ridge, Russia planted its flag earlier
                     countries -- including Argentina, Chile,     this month on a seabed more than 15,000 feet below the
                     Peru, Egypt, Ethiopia and Libya -- to        North Pole. Canada, asserting its disputed rights, plans a
                     take similar steps. Some assert rights to    new fleet of ice-breaking ships and a deepwater Arctic
                     a 12-mile territorial sea, departing from    port; yesterday, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen
                     the customary three-mile rule.               Harper asserted his country's claim to the so-called
                     1956 -- The United Nations holds its         Northwest Passage along its northern coast during a
                     first Conference on the Law of the Sea,      meeting with Mr. Bush in Quebec. And Denmark is
                     which lays down important rules on           sending a research team to push its own claim to
                     fishing rights, sea lanes and the            undersea holdings that extend far from Greenland.
                     continental shelf.
                                                                  All this has put the U.S. in a jam. The Law of the Sea



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0004245
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



      U.S. Resistance to Sea Treaty Thaws                                http://www.viet-studies.info/kinhte/us resistance to_sea treaty thaws.htm

                       1960 -- A second U.N. conference          Treaty allows countries -- even nonsignatories --
                       makes no progress toward a more           exclusive rights to the seabed extending 200 nautical
                       comprehensive treaty.                     miles from their shores. Countries can then present
                        1967 -- Amid rising concern over         evidence to claim rights to any of their continental shelf
                        offshore oil drilling and conflicting    beyond that. Claims and disputes fall to one of several
                        claims among nations, Malta's            arbitration bodies established by the treaty. Without
                       ambassador to the United Nations,         being a party to the treaty, the U.S. has no clear way --
                       Arvid Pardo, gives a speech at the U.N. short of threatening force -- to assert its claims.
                       calling for "an effective international
                       regime over the seabed and the ocean      U.S. officials said the stakes are literally vast. In the
                       floor." The speech helps spur             Arctic alone, the U.S. could lay claim to more than
                       momentum for a third attempt at an        200,000 square miles of additional undersea territories.
                       international agreement.                 The U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Healy is in the region to
                                                                continue mapping the ocean floor to hel p stren gthen the
                       1973 -- The U.N. convenes a third
                                                                U.S. case. By some estimates, the country's total
                       law-of-the-sea conference in New
                                                                additional undersea holdings, including extensions off
                      York. The effort drags on until 1982,
                                                                the East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico, could exceed
                      when agreement is reached on a
                                                                300,000 square miles, or roughly twice the size of
                      sweeping accord laying down rules on
                                                                California.
                      nearly every aspect of international
                      navigation and economic rights within Recent estimates have found the Arctic could contain
                      the world's oceans.                       the equivalent of more than 400 billion barrels of oil and
                      1982 -- President Reagan objects to the gas and massive amounts of another potential energy
                      treaty's deep-sea mining provisions and source, crystallized methane. The U.S. Geological
                     refuses to put it forward for Senate       Survey has estimated the amount of carbon found in
                     ratification.                              hydrate form world-wide is "conservatively" twice the
                     1994 -- President Clinton signs the        amount found in all the world's fossil fuels.
                     Law of the Sea Convention, which
                     goes into force the same year, after its  Increased thawing of the Arctic ice cap is also beginning
                     mining provisions are amended. But        to open up seaways, such as the long-heralded
                     the Republican-controlled Senate          Northwest Passage that is expected to revolutionize
                     declines to ratify it.                    shipping. Still blocked by ice much of the year, the polar
                                                               pathway linking China to Northern Europe and the
                     2004 -- Under pressure from
                                                               Northwest U.S. is about 5,000 miles shorter than routes
                     conservatives in his party, Majority
                                                               through the Suez or Panama canals. Canada for years
                     Leader Bill Frist refuses to bring the
                                                               has asserted its sovereignty over the passage, a claim the
                     measure up for a vote despite its
                                                               U.S. and other countries dispute.
                     unanimous passage by the Senate
                     Foreign Relations Committee.              Environmentalists back the Law of the Sea Treaty
                     May 2007 -- President Bush releases a     because of its provisions for controlling pollution, from
                     statement urging the Senate to ratify     ships and underwater exploration.
                     the treaty. The heads of the Army,
                     Navy, Air Force and Marines, along      Policy Makers in Washington have generally been slow
                     with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs   to champion the treaty. President Reagan opposed the
                     of Staff, send a letter to the Senate   original pact's undersea-mining rules as biased against
                     backing the treaty.                     U.S. interests, a position that still carries much weight
                                                             with many conserv atives. President Clinton signed the
                                                             treaty after those rules were amended, but the
                   Republican-controlled Senate refused to go along. In 2004, the measure withered again on Capitol
                   all.




                                                                                                                         PRA GSPOI 0004246
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



     U.S. Resistance to Sea Treaty Thaws                                                         http://www.viet-studies.info/kinhte/us resistance to sea treatythaws.htm


                      Sea Change
                      If the U.S. becomes a party to the Law of the Sea treaty, it could extend its seabed
                      rights by an area nearly twice the size of California.




                      Source: University of New Hampoke Center far Coastal and O anri iMapp(ng




                    Under pressure from oil groups and diplomats in his administration, Mr. Bush in May endorsed the
                    pact's ratification for the first time. The heads of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines followed
                    suit with an unusual joint letter urging Senate passage.

                    The pact still has some vocal critics in Washington.*Former Reagan adviser Frank Gaffney calls it
                    "a socialist manifesto for the redistribution of wealth." Now the head of the Center for Security
                    Policy, a conservative think tank in Washington, Mr. Gaffney says "no senator who has actually
                    read this treaty would vote for it."

                   Republican Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma, one of at least a dozen conservatives who oppose the
                   treaty, calls it "a disaster" and vows to work to block it from a full Senate vote. Other critics say the
                   treaty will weaken U.S. efforts to interdict illicit shipments of nuclear materials and entangle the
                   armed forces in a web of international regulations. As for the Arctic's resource potential, they say
                   the U.S. could work out an accommodation with the half-dozen other nations with a stake there.

                   The Navy, the pact's most ardent supporter, dismisses such claims. "This for us is global mobility.
                   That's what it's all about," says Rear Adm. Bruce MacDonald, the Navy's judge advocate general.

                   The treaty is now the world's primary legal blueprint for what constitutes international waters and
                   airspace. It grants all navies the right to "innocent passage" through the world's seaways. Yet
                   dozens of countries, from Ecuador and Somalia to China, South Korea and Vietnam, continue to try
                   to limit the rights of warships to pass through their waters.

                   Joining the pact, Adm. MacDonald said, would give the U.S. a forum to contest such claims. "We
                   need this treaty to lock in the rights we already have."

                   Administration officials also argue that Washington's failure to sign on to the treaty has, in fact,
                   undercut the Proliferation Security Initiative, a U.S. effort to enlist international help to cut off
                   shipments of nuclear and missile technology to countries such as Iran or North Korea.

                   Two countries that have declined to join PSI, Malaysia and Indonesia, recently cited Washington's
                   spurning of the Law of the Sea Treaty as their main reason.



                                                                                                                                                  PRA GSPOI_0004247
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



      U.S. Resistance to Sea Treaty Thaws                                 http://www.viet- studies.info/kinhtelus resistance_to_sea treaty thaws.htm


                     Others argue that the U.S. is already losing out in what promises to be a multibillion-dollar
                     opportunity : the undersea mining of copper , zinc, cobalt and even diamonds . John Norton Moore, a
                     top legal expert on the law of the sea at the University of Virginia , said Russian and Chinese firms
                     have already laid claim to some of the biggest undersea mines in the world . Without joining the
                     treaty, the U.S. has no forum in which to stake a claim.

                     "Our sitting on the sidelines all these years has already cost us," he said.




                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004248
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              This is an excerpt from "The U. N. Law of the Sea Convention and the United States : developments Since

              October 2003 " by Marjorie Ann Browne

              Specialist in International Relations Foreign Affairs, Defense, and Trade Division, Congressional Research Service



         U.S. National Security Interests
              Some opponents to U.S. adherence to the treaty package have suggested that such adherence is contrary to
        U.S. national security interests, especially in a post-September 11 world. They maintained that under the treaty
        the United States would not be able to carry out counter-terrorism programs such as the Proliferation Security
        Initiative (PSI) under which shipments of weapons of mass destruction (WMD), etc., would be interdicted.
        Referring to Articles 92 and 110 of the Convention, they stated that the treaty does not explicitly guarantee a
        right to board or interdict when evidence of terrorist intentions through WMD is involved."


             Legal Adviser William H. Taft IV during April 8, 2004, hearings before the Senate Armed Services
        Committee addressed the relationship between the Convention and PSI. "The Convention will not affect our
        efforts under the PSI to interdict vessels suspected of engaging in the proliferation of weapons of mass
        destruction." He added,

             The Convention recognizes numerous legal bases for taking enforcement action against vessels and aircraft suspected of
             engaging in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , for example, exclusive port and coastal State jurisdiction in
             internal waters and national air space ; coastal State jurisdiction in the territorial sea and contiguous zone; exclusive flag
             State jurisdiction over vessels on the high seas (which the flag State may, either by general agreement in advance or
             approval in response to a specific request, waive in favor of other States); and universal jurisdiction over stateless vessels.
             Further, nothing in the Convention impairs the inherent right of individual or collective self-defense (a point which is
             reaffirmed in the proposed Resolution of Advice and Consent).

        The United States has concluded PSI ship boarding agreements with seven nations."

              Among other statements made by Convention opponents were the following: "The treaty effectively
        prohibits two functions vital. to American security: collecting intelligence in, and submerged transit of,
        territorial waters." AND "The treaty's Articles 19 and 20 attempt explicitly to regulate intelligence and
        submarine activities in what are defined as `territorial ' seas. These are activities vital to U.S. security that we
        should ensure remain unrestricted at all costs.""

              Taft stated that Articles 19 and 20 do not prohibit intelligence activities or "submerged transit" in the
        territorial sea of other States. He continued,

             The Convention 's provisions on innocent passage are very similar to article 14 in the 1958 Convention on the Territorial
             Sea and the Contiguous Zone, to which the United States is a party. (The 1982 Convention is in fact more favorable than
             the 1958 Convention....) A ship does not...enjoy the right of innocent passage if, in the case of a submarine , it navigates
             submerged or if, in the case of any ship, it engages in an act in the territorial sea aimed at collecting information to the
             prejudice of the defense or security of the coastal State , but such activities are not prohibited by the Convention . In this
             respect, the Convention makes no change in the situation that has existed for many years and under which we operate
             today.

             In summary, the question of whether the Senate will consider the Convention in 2007 depends on whether
        the committee considers and possibly recommends it for positive action. The President's statement on May 15,
        2007, may be a factor in the Senate's considerations. If the treaty is not considered or withdrawn, it will remain
        pending in the committee.



                                                                                                                                PRA GSPOI_0004249
