Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
         Sent:                      Wednesday, August 29, 2007 2:29 PM
         To:                        bendcox@yahoo.com
         Subject:                   RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMailogov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Tuesday, August 28, 2007 5:17 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs



         Web mail from: Mr. Benjamin Cox

         address : 4158 6th ST#6 Fort Wainwright AK 99703

           (907)978-1330



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,



         My name is SGT Benjamin D. Cox. A lifelong Alaskan. I joined the Army in 2001 following
         the attacks on September 11, 2001. My view were that one of the country's biggest assets
         and most valuable/volnerable security issues were here in Alaska. If there was one place
         to hit America big it would be in the Oil Fields, the Pipeline, or the reserve in Valdez.
         So I enlisted and have served 6 years at Fort Wainwright. Learning how to adapt to the
         cold and survive if anything were to ever happen. Why not learn how to survive in the cold
         because I have no intentions of ever leaving this "Beautiful State", the "Last Frontier".



         Recently, my family has befallen tragedy. My mother has had many medical issues in
         Anchorage to include: only having 101 of her heart working, partial paralysis of the left
         leg, and blindness of the left eye. This all happened in April 2007. Since then I have
         submitted countless paperwork to transfer to Fort Richardson so that I can be close to my
         mother to help her in many of her daily needs. She cannot drive nor support herself fully
         being a dental hygienist.



         In the last 5 months my paperwork has been lost numerous times. Now my paperwork has been
         sitting on COL Thompson's desk for the last month.



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPOI_0004258
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Basically I'm asking for your help. I know that you have helped many Alaskan and Veterns.



         Thank You for your time.

         Sincerely,

         SGT Benjamin D. Cox



         bendcoxeyahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0004259
