Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Wednesday, August 29, 2007 6:49 AM
         To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristine Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  Janice: Ppt meeting Re: Friday


         J- i can't be absent from ppt debate tonight and tomorrow - I'll have to conduct judges
         interviews via telephone. Mike can help with the re-arranging of Rep Thomas' mtg- I'm
         wondering if he can fly up here tonight or tomorrow if his mtg can't wait until my travels
         down there next wk.



         Pls don't schedule anything after the judges interviews tomorrow - I'll need to keep it
         clear for internal gross/ppt "convincing debate/discussions" with the team and then
         legislators.



         Mike- I may ask revenue/oil folks to come for casual dinner at my house thursday night for
         fuller explanations of where they think we should go on ppt/gross. I'll ask Kris to help
         me with that. This is the most imp roll-out we'll engage in... if we're not all on the
         same page, then we're doing Alaskans a major disservice.




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



         Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 14:35:32

         To:"Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Ppt meeting Re: Friday




        I can do Juneau tues evening-thurs next wk instead of tonight. Ppt is way too impt to be
        absent from the discussions. Thomas and Wilson should be told of the ppt importance this
        week, can they either fly up here if their mtg tomorrow can't wait, or be patient with my
        schedule until i can get there tues-thurs next week.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



                                                                 1




                                                                                                              P RAGS P01 _0004265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2007 13:17:34

         To:"Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Re: Friday




         Doesnt it make sense for me to also conduct the interviees via phone, as I've done every
         other judge interview? And I'm still not comfortable with the ppt/gross presentation from
         yest. We still haven't spoken to Mark.



         this week's schedule again got pretty full with mtgs that could wait, in light of the
         gravity of the ppt discussions that are so important to tackle before tues. Remember im
         booked over the weekend so yest, today and tomorrow are very imp days for my participation
         in ppt debate. we have to strategize better on the scheduling when we know something huge
         is around the corner so our days are more flexible leading up to a big roll-out again.

         ------Original Message------

         From: Michael A Tibbles

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Sent: Aug 28, 2007 10:05 PM

         Subject: RE: Friday



         We were working on a plan tonight to get to legislators about PPT by dividing our folks
         into teams.  If we do walk through the economics we can show that we have studied many
         options and have the best balance of revenue and positive investment climate. We all
         concluded that thursday and friday are critical to reach legislators and that it would be
         very helpful if I could take several of the meetings (namely Lyda and Charlie). What
         would you think if I stayed in anchorage thurs and did not go to Juneau and participate in
         the judicial interviews?

         We have done a pretty good tag team approach so far and I do not to leave you short
         staffed.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         To: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>; "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
         <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>; "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Sent: 8/28/2007 8:40 PM

         Subject: Friday



         Can we swtich friday's DOC mtg to after the 10:00 am speech?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004266
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                        3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0004267
