Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, August 30, 2007 9:25 PM
         To:                       Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Todd Palin
         Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: Scheduling Requests

         What ' s the spouses challenge?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: " Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)" <janice. mason@alaska.gov>



         Date : Thu, 30 Aug 2007 18:19:43

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, fek9wnr@yahoo.com

        Cc:"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesoalaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)"
        <kris . perry@alaska.gov>

        Subject : Scheduling Requests




        Governor and Todd -




        You have both been included in an invitation from Bill Sheffield to visit the Port of
        Anchorage on September 11 (Tuesday ) from 9 : 00 a.m . - 2:00 p . m. as Horizon and TOTE will
        host their Annual Food Drive Bar-B -Que.  A donation of $1M in gravel will also take place
        during this time.  This will give you first hand the opportunity for tour and to meet with
        majority of people who make the Port operate .    In this regards we have also received a
        phone call from Paul Fuhs and Scott Heyworth to get your confirmation. Scott said that
        this was discussed with the Governor previously and that you agreed to make it. In a
        previous request from Bill Sheffield - Commissioner von Scheben toured the Port of
        Anchorage in July.




        The California Republican party is inviting the Governor to be the featured speaker at
        their   state convention. September 7 - 9, 2007. They are asking that the speech take
        place   at one of the meal functions which draws the largest attendance. Dinner Fri., Sat.,
        Lunch   Saturday, Sunday General Session . This is held at the Renaissance Esmeralda Resort
        & spa   in Indian Wells, California.



       A letter had come in earlier (in your reading file) asking for the Governor and First
       Gentleman to participate in the Governor and Spouses Challenge beginning Sept . 15 - Jan.
       31, 2008.  Will you both be participating in this request?




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004305
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Even though September is soon upon us, we need to decide a date in December for the Juneau
         Open House . This needs to be done this far in advance for preparation purposes. Last
         years date was December 11. May we suggest December 10 which is a Monday and
         approximately 2 weeks before Christmas.



         Rep. Peggy Wilson and Rep. Bill Thomas met with Russ Kelly today. Russ just reported that
         the meeting went well and they were both very happy.



         Thanks , Janice




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0004306
