Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Friday, August 31, 2007 11:20 AM
              To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: August 31, 2007 Alaska State Chamber E-News



              From: Wayne Stevens (maitto:wstevens@alaskachamber.com]
              Sent: Friday, August 31, 2007 4:33 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: August 31, 2007 Alaska State Chamber E-News




              Alaska State Chamber of
              Commerce
             August 27, 2007 E-News

                                    Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
                                                    Annual Fall Raffle
                                                      Win $10,000
                                                   Many other cash prizes

                                                      Prize Information

                  Tickets cost $100 each.
                 > The odds of winning are very good. Only 300 tickets sold.
                 > 13 Prize winners
                 > Buyers can team up on the purchase of a ticket (please list all names on the ticket stub).
                  The first ticket drawn wins $500.
                  Every 25th ticket drawn wins $250
                       Last ticket drawn wins Grand Prize of $10,000
                       The seller of the winning ticket receives $250.

             You can buy tickets from any Alaska State Chamber Board member. Here is a list of Board
             members helping to sell the tickets by community.

             Sitka - Cory Baggen, Samson Tug and Barge
             Big Lake - Margaret Billinger, Big Lake Chamber of Commerce
             Fairbanks -
             Charlie Boddy, Usibelli Coal
             Jeff Cook, Flint Hills Resources
             Ann Ringstad, University of Alaska
             Margaret Russell, Seekins Ford
             Ginger Stock-McKenzie, Web Weavers Technology Group


              11/10/2009
                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0004326
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 2 of 3


             Anchorage -
             Susan Bramstedt, Alaska Airlines
             Phil Cochrane, BP
             Larry J. Cooper, Wells Fargo
             Heidi Franklin, Northern Dynasty Mines
             Mark Hanley, Anadarko Petroleum
             Mike Heatwole, Alyeska Pipeline Service Co.
             Caroline Higgins, TOTE
            Kip Knudson, Tesoro Oil
            Pete Leathard, VECO
            Wendy Lindskoog, Alaska Railroad
            Karen Matthias, Canadian Consulate
            James W. Mendenhall, P.E., NANA Development Corporation
            Tadd Owens, Pioneer Natural Resources
            Mary Ann Pease, MAP Consulting
            Greg Pulliam, Exxon Mobil
            Deenie Robertson, Petro Marine Services
            Richard Romer, The Boeing Company
            Helvi Sandvik, NANA Development Corp. John Shively, Holland America
            Dan Sterley, CH2M Hill
            Hal Ingalls, Denali Drilling
            Bethel - Alan Hippler, Bethel Chamber of Commerce
            Juneau-
            Lloyd Johnson, First National Bank Alaska
            Ted Quinn, Capital Office Supply W
            Wayne Stevens, Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
            Jayne Dangeli, Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
            Kodiak -
            Pat Branson, Kodiak chamber of Commerce
            Andrew Teuber, Kodiak Area Native Association
            Delta Junction - Karen Cedzo, Delta Chamber of Commerce
            Ketchikan -
            J. C. Conley, Service Auto Parts
            Renee Schofield, Tongass Substance Screening
            Kenai - Bob Favretto, Lisa Parker, Robert Peterkin
            Chugiak Eagle River - Joe Hegna, Chugiak Eagle River Chamber of Commerce
            Wasilla -
            Stan Hooley, The Iditarod Trail Committee
            Jason Hamlin, Greater Wasilla Chamber of Commerce
            Cordova - Clay Koplin, Cordova Chamber of Commerce
            Petersburg - Kris Norosz, Icicle Seafoods

            Arctic Energy Summit Technology Conference
            Anchorage, Alaska
            Oct. 15 - 18, 2007

              Registration is now available to attend the premier energy conference of
              the International Polar Year, the Arctic Energy Summit Technology
              Conference, hosted by the U.S. Department of State and set for October
              15 - 18, 2007 at the William A Egan Civic and Convention Center.
              Focusing on the theme The Arctic as an emerging energy province,



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004327
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 3 of 3


                energy experts from the Russian Federation , Canada, Norway, Finland,
                Sweden, Iceland and the U. S. will discuss, debate and collaborate on
                energy challenges and opportunities in the extractive and renewable
                fields, as well as tackling how to provide affordable energy to the Arctic
                remote communities.

                Arctic Energy Summit Technology Conference
                Website: www.arcticeneraysummit.org
                                                                                                                      The
             conference comprises an opening day of high-level keynote speakers on energy related issues through the
             Arctic, followed by two days of technical papers on significant Arctic energy research, panel discussions
             and keynote addresses on major policy areas of concern and/or interest, as well as a poster session of new
             technology and an energy industry exposition. AES presentations and exhibits will focus on both
             renewable energy opportunities and traditional extractive energy sources within the Arctic.
             The focus of this conference will be in three areas:

               1. Extractive energy development (oil, gas, coal bed methane, methane gas hydrates, coal);
               2. Renewable power, especially in extreme remote areas;
               3. Environmental, socio-economic and sustainability impacts of energy projects in the Arctic.
             You are encouraged to take advantage of the early-bird registration; deadline September 7, 2007.

             To register for the upcoming technology conference, please go to
             https://www.confinanager.com/communities/c680/files/hidden/AES Registration brochure.pdf

             FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:
             INSTITUTE OF THE NORTH ANCHORAGE, ALASKA (907) 771-2444 WWW.INSTITUTENORTH.ORG

             Next State Chamber Board Meeting
             The Board of Directors of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce will hold their next regularly scheduled
             board meeting September 13 in Anchorage. The Board meeting will follow the wrap up of the 48th Annual
             Convention and Trade Show.

            The Board will meet in the Endeavor Room at the Hotel Captain Cook beginning at 2:00 pm. All memebrs
            are welcomed and encouraged to attend.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0004328
