Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From :    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON]
             Sent:     Thursday, August 30 , 2007 6:20 PM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo .com; fek9wnr@yahoo.com
             Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject: Scheduling Requests

           Governor and Todd -

           You have both been included in an invitation from Bill Sheffield to visit the Port of Anchorage on September 11
           (Tuesday) from 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. as Horizon and TOTE will host their Annual Food Drive Bar-B-Que. A
           donation of $ 1M in gravel will also take place during this time. This will give you first hand the opportunity for tour
           and to meet with majority of people who make the Port operate . In this regards we have also received a phone
           call from Paul Fuhs and Scott Heyworth to get your confirmation. Scott said that this was discussed with the
           Governor previously and that you agreed to make it . In a previous request from Bill Sheffield - Commissioner von
           Scheben toured the Port of Anchorage in July.

           The California Republican party is inviting the Governor to be the featured speaker at their state convention.
           September 7 - 9, 2007. They are asking that the speech take place at one of the meal functions which draws the
           largest attendance. Dinner Fri., Sat., Lunch Saturday, Sunday General Session. This is held at the Renaissance
           Esmeralda Resort & spa in Indian Wells, California.

           A letter had come in earlier (in your reading file) asking for the Governor and First Gentleman to participate in the
           Governor and Spouses Challenge beginning Sept. 15 - Jan. 31, 2008. Will you both be participating in this
           request?

           Even though September is soon upon us , we need to decide a date in December for the Juneau Open House.
           This needs to be done this far in advance for preparation purposes . Last years date was December 11. May we
           suggest December 10 which is a Monday and approximately 2 weeks before Christmas.

           Rep. Peggy Wilson and Rep . Bill Thomas met with Russ Kelly today. Russ just reported that the meeting went
           well and they were both very happy.

           Thanks, Janice




           8/24/2009
                                                                                                                      P RAGS P01 _0004316
