Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, September 04, 2007 11:43 AM
         To:                       'markcaputo@hotmail.com'
         Subject:                  RE: Natural-Resources


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent; Monday, September 03, 2007 7:55 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Natural-Resources



         Web mail from: Mr. Mark Caputo

         address :   P.O. Box 873333 Wasilla AK 99687

          907-355-8253



         MESSAGE:

         I am a long time Alaska Resident of 36 years. I have noticed throughout the years that
         hunting seasons are getting shorter, access to prime hunting areas is restricted, bag
         limits on animals is decreasing and overall the hunts cost a lot more money. As a child I
         remember going out with my dad and hunting for moose and caribou and this was how he fed
         the family.   If we did not get anything that year, times were tough.  But we ate good
         every night on the years we did get something.rnrnWhat this is all leading up to is that I
         am wondering what exactly the long term goal of the Governor is and the Department of Fish
         and Game .  It would appear that it is to erradicate hunting from the poor and make it only
         affordable for the rich as well as decrease state population.   Tier II programs don't
         work.  I have applied many times in the past when I could barely afford to feed my family
         and was denied every time. Only when my father was alive and I could claim his time
         hunting as part!

          of my own did I actually get a Tier II permit. And even then I could not afford to go
         hunt and harvest an animal with it.rnrnThis year they have done it again and have
         shortened hunting season in particular in Unit 14 and 16. 10 days may not seem like much
         but when that is the time of year that the bulls come down out of the mountains, well that
         10 days means everything. Moose shot prior to that are usually spikes or forks. They are
         limited in number as well as the quantity of meat. I would like to know if they are going
         to trim the 11 days off the other end next year from August 20th to September 1st as they
         have already done in many other units that are actually accessible without an $80,000
         airplane or a guide service. Then when the unit is accessible, they make the regulations
         and the hunt almost impossible. I challenge you or any other ordinary person to look
         through a set of binoculars and look at a moose head and tell me how big the rack is
         within 6 inches. B!

         ut I suppose that helps generate revenue in &quot;tickets&quol
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0004408
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          t; written to people just trying to hunt and do it legally .      Look through a set of
          binoculars and tell me if a spike on a set of moose antlers at 300 yards moving through
          the trees is at least 1 inch high and taller than it is wide .      I have not received any
          tickets but I know of several who have .    I haven ' t seen a legal moose in over 5 years in
          Unit 13.    Can we make this any more difficult ?  Hunting an animal isn ' t the challenge,
          reading regulations and spending 2 hours staring at an animal to decide if it is
          &quot ; legal&quot ; is challenging . It isn't man against beast , it's man against politics
          and regulation .    rnrnls the goal of the Governor and the Alaska Department of Wildlife
          Conservation and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game to get all of us hunters and
          fishers and trappers to leave the state? Hunting and fishing is the only reason I live
          here still .   What else is there? 30 - 70 below temperatures ?   Overpriced everything?
          Seasonal Job Markets ? Plugging in your c!

          ar in winter ? rnrnPlease do me and 400 , 000 other registered Alaskan voters a favor and fix
          this problem .   Stop them from closing off OUR fishing and hunting rights .   As a slope
          worker, I was looking forward to coming down on September 18th to go hunting for 10 days.
          But I won ' t be doing that now . So my family will go without again this year as we have
          for past 5 years as I can't seem to find anything legal to hunt .     Keep in mind , my family
          has hunted in unit 13 for the past 20 years and usually had no problems finding a legal
          moose when it was 3 or more brow tines on one side .     But for some reason the bulls in unit
          13, are different then the bulls in unit 14 and 16 as wellas most other units in the state
          for that matter , as those two units that are right next to it are 3 or more brow tines
          while unit 13 is 4 or more brow tines .     Can you explain that? Me either .  And some
          biologist will probably say that it ' s the food which is total hore pucky as the bushes in
          13, 14 and 16!

           are all pretty much the same.rnrnWell , I would be interested!

           to know what you can do . rnrnSincerest regards,rnMark Caputo



         markcaputo@hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0004409
