Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

              From:     John Katz [jwkatz(,4LASKADC.org]
              Sent:     Tuesday, September 04, 2007 9:44 AM
              To:       Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:       Sam Bishop; Cora Crome
              Subject: Law of the Sea/OfFshore Claims

             Per your request for ongoing developments, below is a brief summary which
             appeared in Greenwire concerning the effort by various nations to map and claim
             submerged lands beneath the Arctic Ocean.

             ARCTIC: U.S. maps ocean floor ahead of claims

             Researchers sailed through the Arctic Circle last week mapping the ocean floor in
             preparation for the time when climate change will open up the North Pole's natural
             resources.

             Using sonar and other mapping devices, the researchers charted a submerged
             plateau called the Chukchi Cap, part of a region in the Arctic Circle that may hold a
             quarter of the world's oil and natural gas reserves.

            The gradual warming of the Arctic is preventing more and more ice from forming
            every year, allowing for feasible exploitation of the region's natural resources in the
            near future.

            This is the third U.S. mapping mission in the Arctic Circle since 2003. The current
            mission aboard the U.S. Coast Guard icebreaker Healy comes as the countries
            around the Arctic Circle are all attempting to assert their mineral claims in the
            region under provisions of the 1982 U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea.

            The United States has not ratified the treaty, but Russia's recent mission under the
            polar ice cap and the Canadian military's assertion of its presence in the Arctic is
            propelling greater interest in staking the country's own claim in the region.

            "It is a little overheated to say this is now a race to the Arctic," said John Bellinger,
            legal adviser to the U.S. secretary of state. "At the same time, we are very much
            aware that other countries, most particularly Russia, have been exercising their
            rights under the Law of the Sea Convention" (Robert Lee Hotz, Wall Street Journal
            [subscription required], Aug. 31).

            Arctic claims should be lawful, Germany says

            Germany warned other countries last week that no nation should break
            international law in an attempt to claim the Arctic's natural resources.

            "I very much believe that everybody should respect international law," German
            Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said last week . "The North Pole is not a


            8/26/2009
                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0004423
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


             law-free zone, there are international accords which must be respected by all
             nations who have interests here."

             Last month, Russian explorers planted a ceremonial flag on the floor of the Arctic
             Circle as a statement of its claim, but Steinmeier said that "spectacular exploits
             mean very little" (Agence France-Presse, Aug. 28).

             Only Russia , Sweden have made claims

             Despite the posturing of the Arctic's five border countries for mineral claims under
             the Law of the Sea, only two -- Russia and Norway -- have made claims in the
             region.

             The five countries, which include Canada, Denmark via Greenland and the United
             States, can all makes claims beyond their territorial boundary 200 miles offshore if
             they can prove those claims exist on their continental shelves.

            Norway has laid claims to the seabed around the Svalbard archipelago and part of
            the Norwegian Sea. Those claims plus Russia's represent the only definitive claims
            in the Arctic Circle (Agence France-Presse, Aug. 31).



            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            ,jwkatz,alaskadc.org. Thank you .




           8/26/2009

                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0004424
