Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
         Sent:                     Wednesday , September 05, 2007 11:04 AM
         To:                       gov. sarah@yahoo .com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                  RE: Lowering of United States Flag (need your input, please)


         There needs to be a policy call from the Governor about lowering the US flag. The 50
         Governor's recently has been given authority by the President to be able to lower the US
         flag on federal installations and military bases for members of the Armed Forces who are
         killed in action that are from their state. We lower the State Flag now for members that
         are home grown who have roots in Alaska and who are members of the Alaska National Guard
         who are killed in action. So I would recommend that if you want to make a policy call on
         lowering the US Flag we would keep it consistent with our policy regarding the lowering of
         the State Flag.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Wednesday, September 05, 2007 10:43 AM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Fw: Lowering of United States Flag (need your input, please)

         Importance: High




        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <sr.parnell@alaska.gov>



        Date: Wed,    05 Sep 2007 10:42:20

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: Fw: Lowering of United States Flag (need your input, please)




        Can we help the Army with this one? Short notice. Requires you authorizing US flag to be
        flown at half staff on military reservations in AK. Janice turned them down. . .not sure if
        you did it to send a message or whether she just did it but thought you should know this
        was going on.



         ----- Original Message -----

                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0004469
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)

          To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Wed Sep 05 10:35:23 2007

          Subject: FW: Lowering of United States Flag (need your input, please)



         Dilemma below; please let me know what you recommend. I'm thinking I should reply to
        Robert's email supporting Janice's answer, regardless of whether there's a way to help or
        not....



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Silk, Robert USARAK PROTO CHIEF(n) [mailto:robert.silk@us.army.mil
        <mailto:robert.silk@us.army.mil>

         Sent: Wednesday, September 05, 2007 10:22 AM

         To: Clifton, Kelly L (GOV)

         Subject: FW: Lowering of United States Flag

         Importance: High



         Kelly,



         Can you help me work this out for today if there is anyway?



         Thanks



         Robert :-)




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Mason, Janice L (GOV) [mailto:janice.mason@alaska.gov
        <mailto:janice.mason@alaska.gov>

         Sent: Tuesday, September 04, 2007 5:09 PM

         To: Silk, Robert USARAK PROTO CHIEF(n)

         Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leschper, Mary C       (GOV);   Perry, Kristina Y

         (GOV)
                                                         2



                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004470
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Subject: Lowering of United States Flag



          Dear Mr. Silk:




          Due to the short notice for this request - we are unable to meet the

         deadline for tomorrow.        For future requests please contact Beth

         Leschper, Deputy Director for Communications, Office of Governor Sarah

         Palin @ mary.leschper@alaska.gov.       Thank you,




         Janice Mason



         Scheduler/Executive Secretary



         Office of Governor Sarah Palin



          (907) 465-3500



         (907) 465-3889 (fax)




         From: Silk, Robert USARAK PROTO CHIEF(n)

         [mailto:robert.silk@us.army.mil <mailto:robert.silk@us.army.mil> ]



         Sent: Tuesday, September 04, 2007 2:31 PM



         To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

                                                          3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Cc: Patin J Steven MAJ USARAK CMD SGS; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Perry,

          Kristina Y (GOV)



          Subject: FW: Info for Governor




          Janice,




          Need some help with this issue, when a Soldier from the United States

          Army Alaska gets killed in the line of duty we would like the Governor

          to authorize the US flag be flown at half staff on military

          installations.     We are in a time crunch for the Memorial Service to be

          held at Fort Wainwright Wednesday the 5th of September. How can we make

          this happen for tomorrow and in the future? I will also call to

          discuss.




          Thanks




         Robert Silk



          (907) 384-2067




                                                         4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              COHA Email PR                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor©alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Thursday, September 06, 2007 2:44 PM
              To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: COHA Report: Votes for Sale?




              From: Council On Hemispheric Affairs [mailto:coha@coha.org]
              Sent: Thursday, September 06, 2007 12:19 PM
              To. Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: COHA Report: Votes for Sale?

              1250 Connecticut Ave. NW, Suite 1C, Washington , D.C. 20036
              Phone: 202-223-4975 Fax: 202-223-4979
              Email: coha@coha . org Website : www.coha.org

                                 Council on Hemispheric Affairs
                        Monitoring Political, Economic and Diplomatic Issues Affecting the Western Hemisphf

              COHA Press Release 07.56
                                                                        I                                        Wore



                                NORIEGA MEMORANDUM TO THE PRESS:
                          COHA is actively monitoring the joint U.S.-French effort to extradite former Panamani
                      dictator Manuel Noriega to France pending the imminent completion of his sentence in a F
                      prison . U.S. Judge William Hoeveler has just temporarily stayed the extradition request, all
                      Noriegas's lawyers to put together a defense centered on the issue of the French treating N,
                       as a common criminal and not as a prisoner of war, a status that would warrant the invokii
                        the Geneva Convention . During these proceedings , Noriega will remain in prison. Watch
                       more information about the Noriega case to be released by COHA in the next few days. C'
                      will also be issuing several memorandums on the Noriega era, including material pointing t
                           complicity in support of the Panamanian strongman 's rule, which gradually witnessed t
                      conversion from U.S policy backing Noriega to being adamantly opposed to his rule. This
                         up with the launching of "Operation Just Cause" against him and resulted in his capture ;
                      lengthy prison term . This COHA material will highlight Noriega's status as evolving from
                       a C.I.A. asset as a young military cadet to a target for U.S. elimination . In the meantime, i
                      have any questions in regards to the Noriega case, please do not hesitate to contact COHA'
                                                     at 202-223-4975 or at coha@coha.org.




               Votes for Sale? Japan, China and Taiwan Duke
                in a Diplomatic Contest in Which Some Sham(

              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0004473
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             COHA Email PR                                                                                              Page 2 of 2



                  Caribbean and Central American Countries are the
                                       Prize


             Recent events have made it clear that a number of small Caribbean Basin nations are able to cast a far larger
             shadow than their relatively modest dimensions would ordinarily allow. What is their special draw? True, in
             any number of respects they already have become, or are well on the way to being, vibrant democracies. But
             at the same time, a number of them, many being developing democratic countries, have tainted their
             credentials by trading away their vote in regional and international forums for in-kind contributions as well as
             more direct forms of payment, allowing their leaders to make the choice as to which nations, such as China or
             Taiwan, would be recognized. Regarding the region's fiduciary relationship with Japan, high levels of
             unemployment or a straitened economy have induced Caribbean Basin countries to seek geopolitical
             sweeteners from Japan in order to deliver up their votes to advance Japanese whaling interests.



                                                                                                                Full article...

                                 This analysis was prepared by COHA Research Fellows Eliana Monteforte and Benjamin K. Smith

                                                                                                     Thursday, September 6, 2007




             The Council on Hemispheric Affairs, founded in 1975, is an independent, non-profit, non-partisan, tax-exempt research
             and information organization. It has been described on the Senate floor as being "one of the nation's most respected
             bodies of scholars and policy makers."For more Information, please see our web page at http://www.coha.org/ or
             contact our Washington offices by phone (202) 223-4975, fax (202) 223-4979, or email coha @coha. org.

             If you no longer wish to receive ourpress re/eases please send an email to coha@coha. org with "unsubscribe" as the
             subject.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004474
