Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

               From:    Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=IJFRYE]
               Sent:    Wednesday, September 05, 2007 8:42 AM
               To:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject: Ben Brown article


             The battle for hearts, minds and the capital
             We will not win anyone over in this debate by being angry and paranoid
             For the past two weekends, I had the pleasure of manning a booth at the Alaska State Fair in Palmer on
             behalf of the Juneau Convention & Visitors Bureau and the Alaska Committee. The first of these two
             organizations works to bring people to our fair city, from cruise-ship passengers and independent
             tourists to Alaskans attending meetings. The second organization promotes Juneau as Alaska's capital,
             and strives to ensure all Alaskans know how hard we work to be a great capital.
             The other Juneau residents who volunteered at the Juneau booth had done so in prior years, but I was
             new to the task. That's not to say I was new to the Alaska State Fair. Having graduated from Palmer
             High School, I've spent quite a bit of time on the fairgrounds. It was an honor and challenge to represent
             Southeast Alaska in the heart of Southcentral. I was a little concerned that I might spend a lot of time
             defending our role as capital, while avoiding confrontation. But I was most pleasantly surprised.
             I'd say 95 percent of the people who came by the Juneau booth were content with Juneau's status as
             Alaska's capital. Many expressed concern about the difficulty and cost of access, but this didn't
             necessarily translate into support for moving the Legislature or the Capitol. Many of the people who'd
             visited Juneau had kind words and fond memories of their stay. I spoke to a young man who'd just been
             here to play football, and he had liked what he saw. I heard from the parents of a football player who
            had wanted to come down with his team, but who decided not to because of the high price of last-minute
             air tickets.
            Many people now living in Anchorage and the Matanuska-Susitna Borough hail from somewhere in
             Southeast and are genuinely aware of what moving the Legislature or designating a new capital would
            do to our entire region's economy. They care because they've been here. At the end of the fair, I
            understood the best way to obtain the support of other Alaskans for Juneau's remaining the capital is to
            have people experience it in person.
            I handed out many Juneau Travel Guides, and told people about Eaglecrest Ski Area. People asked when
            they'd be able to drive here, and what was going on with the Alaska Marine Highway System. They
            wanted to know what people did for work other than as government employees, and many were pleased
            to know that the Kensington Mine is endeavoring to bolster and diversify our job base. All in all, the
            prevailing attitude of those who'd never been to Juneau was one of curiosity about an unknown,
            somewhat mysterious place, not hostility or animosity.
            Upon my return to Juneau, I was delighted and relieved to hear that Gov. Palin chose to call the
            upcoming special session in the capital. A majority of legislators expressed support for having special
            session here. If we aren't making legislators happy enough with the way we accommodate them as the
            capital, we're going to have a tough time convincing all Alaskans that we deserve to maintain our
            position. We as a community need to go above and beyond next month to keep the members of the
            Legislature as happy as can be while they're here. It's the right thing to do, and it is crucial to our future
            well-being.
            Palin also announced that hearings would be held on the road system prior to the special session. There
            were many meetings already scheduled around the state before her announcement about the petroleum
            profits tax hearings, and they are all a good idea. Reaching out and making the legislative process more
            accessible to all Alaskans is as important as holding the actual legislative sessions here in Juneau. There


            8/31/2009

                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0004464
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


             will be meetings in places ranging from Newhalen to Savoonga. This is real field work we should all be
             glad to see happening.
             At the end of the day, we can't win Alaskans' hearts and minds by being angry, defensive, or paranoid.
             We can put our best face forward, be welcoming and supportive, and remind people that we're all
             Alaskans. As we continue to improve access to the capital and to demonstrate that we're not reliant on
             government jobs for our entire economic base, the people of Alaska will come to trust us and like us
             more and more. And our future will brighten as a result.
             · Benjamin Brown is a life long Alaska who lives in Juneau.




            8/31/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004465
