Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Thursday, September 06, 2007 10:37 AM
              To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Event Reminder: Discover Brilliant Conference & Expo



             From: Cascadia Center (mallto:jearling@discovery.org)
             Sent: Thursday, September 06, 2007 10:11 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Event Reminder: Discover Brilliant Conference & Expo




             Dear friends and colleagues,

             I would like to remind you about the upcoming Discover Brilliant International Conference
             and Expo . In partnership with Athena Institute, Discovery Institute's Cascadia Center is
             organizing a "Greening the Highway" leadership forum to address the challenges of developing
             alternative fuels, electrification, and reducing diesel emissions on the 1-5 corridor from British
             Columbia to Baja California. The forum, which will takes place on Wednesday, September 19,
             will be led by Washington State Senator Ed Murray and is designed for policymakers, NGOs,
             key agencies and businesses. In addition, there will be a panel discussion on the same topic from
             2-3 p.m., Tuesday, September 18.

             If you have any questions, please contact Jennifer Zucati at 206.292.0401 x157 or
             jenni.ferzng,discovery.org

             Sincerely,
             Bruce Agnew
             Policy Director
             Cascadia Center of Discovery Institute
             bagnewa.discovery.org

             ----------------------------------------------------

             Sustainability leaders, transportation executives, policymakers, key vendors and more are
             coming together at Discover Brilliant (www.discoverbrilliant .com) in Seattle, September 17 -
             19, 2007 to look at innovative approaches to leveraging transportation solutions, power supply
             options, grid advances, building innovations, and sustainable business practices that are more
             economically valuable, environmentally sound, and secure.

                      OVER 45+ SESSIONS, 60+ SPEAKERS and HUNDREDS OF GREAT IDEAS

            Sept 17 - Plenary sessions covering directions in policy, markets and technology
            Sept 18 - Multiple tracks in buildings, business, utilities, transportation and communities



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1_0004475
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


              Sept 19 - Individual Summits on Greening the Highway, Renewables+SmartGrid, Investor Landscape,
              Climate Solutions Showcase and more

              You can register here for one, two or all three days.

             For King County, WSDOT and HTUF attendees - Save $170 for the September 18th package:
             Day 2 tracks plus Green Tie Gala . Enter code KCHTUF during checkout.

                For the transportation executive, agency, Rovernment official or transportation enthusiast, Discover
                     Brilliant brings the leading minds and market makers together to discuss the latest topics

             Biofuels: VP of Biofuels from Goldman Sachs, VP from the largest cellulosic producer in the US--
             Verenium, and Imperium Renewables will speak on what is here and what is next in biofuels

             Moving People Cleaner and Smart er : CEO of Flexcar, manufacturer of electric vehicles Zenn Motors,
             and Professor from University of CA at Davis will talk about new and creative ways of moving people
             and the next generation of automobiles.

             Emerging Solutions to the Transportation Puzzle : The organization leading the charge on transforming
             California' s and the west coast' s approach to transportation--WestStart-CALSTART and Hydrogen and
             Fuel Cells Canada will talk about the initiatives that already exist or could emerge that will
             fundamentally change the economy , ecology and security of the highways in North America and
             beyond.

             Greening the Highway: With the generous support from Cascadia (www.discovery.org/cascadia/) we are
             bringing together transportation leaders from Canada, US Environmental Protection Agency,
             Washington Department of Transportation, Oregon Department of Transportation, Automobile
             Association of America, BC Trucking Association and the Vice Chair of Transportation from the
             Washington State Senate to talk about what initiatives are underway for alternative fuels deployment,
             truck stop electrification and more.


             Additionally, Seattle's first Green Tie Gala will be on September 18th from 6:30 - 10 PM. The Green
             Tie Gala will celebrate the commitment individuals and firms are making to a long-term legacy. The
             Gala will feature and award brilliant examples of businesses, buildings, utilities, communities and
             transportation. Young future leaders, selected through a regional essay contest, will provide inspirational
             comments about leaving a sustainable future for the next generation and present the awards. Sesh
             Velamoor, Deputy Director of Programs for the Foundation for the Future will discuss what key factors
             may have an impact on human life during coming millennia. Yoram Bauman, PhD in environmental
             economics, "the world's first and only stand-up economist" and Professor at the University of
             Washington and Bainbridge Graduate Institute will remind us that we need to keep laughing. Celebrity
             designer, John Bruce, host of The Learning Channel's While You Were Out and the new Ecozone
             Project will emcee the evening's event. Single tickets are $225, and sponsorship tables of 10 are $2500.
             A number of other sponsorship opportunities are also available. The Green Tie Gala should be a great
             fun, a great networking opportunity and an insightful way to see what the leading firms, communities
             and organizations are doing with regards to sustainability.


            To unsubscribe from future emails please click here:
            http://listserv.discovery.org/sendstudio /unsubscribe.php?
            M=171292&N=477&L=18&C=36a0b30278dd569dbd6f3b0c 19125fa3


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004476
