Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 07, 2007 10:11 AM
          To:                       Bob@SummitTrailPhoto.com
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMailogov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Thursday, September 06, 2007 9:14 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from : Mr. Bob Gengler

          address :   18625 S . Kanaga Lp . Eagle River AK 99577

           907-622-3491



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,rnrn     As an Alaskan, and a non-consumptive user of our states
          wildlife &quot;resources&quot;, I once again urge you to follow the wishes of the majority
          of the state's population. Since only 16% of the state's residents hold hunting or fishing
          licenses, and as this number continues to fall, it would seem prudent that you stop
          catering to the very vocal and well funded hunting groups. The majority of the state and
          many present and retired state biologists do not desire your approach to
          &quot;scientific&quot; wildlife management.rnrn     I do not consider myself to be a
          scientist, and I assume that you do not feel that you are a scientist either, so I can not
          understand why you feel the need to take any information that the AOC, SCI, and the BOG
          supply, as the gold standard.rnrn     As one example, I am sure that you are well aware of
          Mr. Bob Bell's qualifications to make scientific decisions. He has written a book or two
          on hunting and he has been invol!

          ved in politics to some degree. I hardly think that this qualifies him to make these
          scientific decisions. rnrn     When over 500 wildlife biologists have written in
          opposition of this type of management, I again question your decision to be influenced by
          a few very narrowly focused radical hunting groups.rnrn     Several BOG members were
          biologists at one time. I am a professional clinician in the medical field, however that
          does not make me an expert on neurosurgery, nor does being a retired state biologist make
          one an expert on all issues involving wildlife.rnrn     I realize that you are an Alaskan
          as well, and that you have grown up with a hunting influence, however, once again that
          does not make you an expert on wildlife management and &quot;predator control&quot;, does
          it? You obviously have a right to your opinion but when questionable science and
          statistics are used to justify this expensive and controversial policy, and the will of
          the people is overruled, I can ha!

          rdly see how an administration which prides itself on its ope!
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0004510
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         nness and above the board dealings can continue to pursue this agenda . rnrn        I am sure
         that you have heard of , or remember , when there was a bounty on Bald Eagles in Alaska, as
         they were viewed as predators competing with fishermen . One can spend all night listing
         animals that have been slaughtered over the history of America either for food , predator
         control, &quot ; management &quot; , or for other reasons . Most of these policies are viewed
         as mistakes by mainstream America now . Much time and money has been spent to restore
         ecosystems and wildlife so that a healthy balance can return . Our great state should not
         work to destroy this balance . rnrn       It is with respect that I write this letter, but I
         do request that you stop spending State money on an issue that the majority of the state
         does not support . The wildlife belongs to every Alaskan and not just the 16% of the state
         who wants to eat it, wear it, or hang it on their walls . Your administration is forward
         looking on man!

         y fronts, however wildlife management is not one of them . Please stop this
         folly. rnrnSincerely , rnrnrnBob Gengler



         Bob@SummitTrailPhoto.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004511
