Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Perez, Linda J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LJPEREZ]
        Sent:                     Friday, September 07, 2007 8:30 AM
        To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper;
                                  Mary C (GOV)
        Cc:                       'Frank Bailey'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'Todd Palin'; Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
        Subject:                  RE: Anchorage office


        Good morning Governor,



        I received the request to develop this information last Thursday and I thought I did relay
        that it would take a bit of time to gather as we needed to find and retrieve old records.
        We do have the records now and have been compiling the information. We should be able to
        complete last and largest largest piece, Governor and Mrs. Murkowski's travel info, today.
        I'm hoping to email a spreadsheet with the various comparisons to you and the other folks
        later this afternoon.



        I'm sorry this is taking a while to get to you.

        Linda



        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent: Friday, September 07, 2007 7:31 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perez,          Linda J (GOV); Leighow,       Sharon W     (GOV);   Leschper,
        Mary C ( GOV); Perez , Linda J (GOV)

        Cc: Frank Bailey; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Todd Palin

        Subject: Anchorage office



        How close are we to having the numbers showing #of days former Gov(s) spent out of Juneau
        compared to my travels/housing expenses? The public deserves clarity on this as the
        misperception is I'm "living and working" in the Valley. If, as Security and
        administrators tell me, Murk and Knowles also worked out of the Anchorage office and spent
        many, many days out of Juneau - then the fair comparison needs to be made and presented.
        The other missing point in the coverage of this issue is that the Anchorage office is the
        workplace.



        When I requested this info a couple of weeks ago I wasn't sure who was heading it up -
        please let me know as soon as possible who is and what the progress is. Thanks

        Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                               1



                                                                                                           P RAGS P01 _0004516
