Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Monday, September 10, 2007 3:26 PM
           To:                       seaira@mtaonline. net
           Subject:                  RE: Budget


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Sunday, September 09, 2007 5:08 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Budget



           Web mail from:      william reno

           address: hc33 box2984r wasilla AK 99654

            907-373-6757



           MESSAGE:

           hi Sarah, just thought i would send you a note to tell you that you are doing a fine job,
           just as i knew you would. rnrnhaving said that, i know that dealing with budget cuts, very
           unpopular at all government levels, are necessary .  rni have watched many times in the
           past where agencies &quot;hide money&quot; so as to use up there allocation so when they
           ask for the same amount or more at the next budget meeting, it looks like they are in
           need. rnrn At the next budget meeting, tell all your dept. heads we are going to cut 5%
           accross the board!   you will find that they will whine, but in the end, state business
           will still run as they always have.rnrni have seen this work first hand, heck, you can cut
           D.O.T. by more than that. i watch them waste money on a daily basis.rnrnam i being hard on
           D.O.T.? yes i am. having been on construction jobs throughout this state for 16 years, i
           have many stories of waste and mismanagement . i don't want to bore you with the
           details.rnrnanyway,I

            thanx for listening to my 2 1/2 cents worth(no pun to the sales tax)rnrn
           TAKE CARErnrnrn                           Bill Reno



           seaira@mtaonline.net




                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004584
