Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 4


              Unknown

              From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Monday, September 10, 2007 3:55 PM
              To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color



             From: CfWBR Info [maiito:info@cfwbr.org]
             Sent: Monday, September 10, 2007 12:44 PM
             To: CfWBR Info
             Subject: National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of Businesses Owned by Women of Color

               rxi




                                                                                          Contact: Juanita M.
                                                                                         Weaver
                                                                                          Director of Media &
                                                                                          Strategic Alliances
                                                                                         Center for Women's
                                                                                         Business Research
                                                                                         202-638-3060 x719
                                                                                         iweaver(M-womensbusin(


             Release Date : September 10, 2007

                National Research Project to Accelerate Growth of Businesses
                                 Owned by Women of Color
                                  to Hold Forum in Dallas

             Washington, DC - Dallas has been selected as one of the five cities that are sites for a national
             research study to identify obstacles to business growth faced by women business owners of
             color. The day-long research forum, held September 20th, will be conducted by the Center for
             Women's Business Research and Babson College. The objective is to identify the barriers
             and challenges that women of color face in the pursuit of business growth and to create
             individual, community, and ultimately, national action plans to overcome those barriers. The
             research will culminate in a 2008 national conference where public- and private-sector policy
             recommendations generated by the research will be announced.


             Women-of-color entrepreneurs , who wish to grow their businesses to a higher level and help



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0004596
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 2 of 4


             create local and national agendas that support businesses owned by women of color, must apply in
             advance to participate. Selection criteria include owning a business that is at least 50% women owned
             with annual revenues between $250,000 and $5 million. All types of industries are welcome. Women-
             of-color entrepreneurs who meet the research criteria and wish to participate should contact the Center
             for Women' s Business Research at www.womensbusinessresearch.org or at 202.638.3060 ext.
             725.


             The Dallas research forum will be held on September 20th at the Westin Dallas Forth Worth Airport
             Hotel from 9am to 5pm , followed by a reception attended by participants and executives from the
             corporations and organizations that are sponsoring the initiative.

             "As of 2006 , there are 2 .4 million businesses owned by women of color . They are starting businesses
             at a faster rate than all businesses but their firms are not achieving the same level of success when
             measured by revenues and employment ," said Sheila Brooks , national spokesperson for this initiative
             and President and CEO of SRB Productions , Inc. "These businesses have great untapped potential for
             economic and social impact which can only be realized by clearly identifying their challenges and then
             developing targeted programs and policies to remove those barriers . The research participants will
             share their stories , develop personal and business action plans , learn how to grow their businesses
             from the proven strategies of others , and contribute to setting new community and national agendas
             that support growth."


             Accelerating the Growth and Success of Businesses Owned by Women of Color is funded by corporate
             and association sponsors. The lead 2007 corporate sponsor is Wachovia Bank. They are joined by a
             prestigious consortium of other 2007 corporate national sponsors, including Wal-Mart Stores/ Sam's
             Club, Inc.; UPS Capital; Wells Fargo & Company; American Airlines; eWomenNetwork; IBM;
             MasterCard; Principal Financial Group; Verizon; and city sponsor, Wachovia.      The center welcomes
             Bank of America as our newest Enterprise sponsor.


             Leading women business owner organizations and other non-profit organizations are also research
             sponsors. They are: eWomenNetwork Foundation; Level Playing Field Institute; the National
             Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO); National Women's Business Council (NWBC);
             Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC); and the Women Presidents' Organization
             (WPO).

             "We are very pleased to participate in this research which will culminate in sharing the experiences and
             insight of women-of-color entrepreneurs with national policy makers," said Babson College associate
             professor Donna Stoddard. "We expect this research to create community and national agendas to
             foster the success of all women-of-color entrepreneurs."


             The core of the project is five research forums bringing women of color entrepreneurs together to



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0004597
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 4


             identify key issues . The final forum will be held on January 24th, 2008 in Chicago, Illinois. The first
             three forums were held in San Francisco, California, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Atlanta, Georgia.
             Babson College is developing two case studies for this research initiative, which will exemplify the
             major areas of discussion.

             Affiliate organizations that have joined the initiative to date include: America-China International
             Foundation; Association of Women's Business Centers; CARE; Center for Leadership and Civic
             Engagement of Spelman College; Georgia Women's Business Council; Women's Business
             Development Center of Philadelphia; the Women's Leadership Exchange; Dallas/Fort Worth Minority
             Business Council and Las Comadres.

             Corporate and association sponsorships for 2007 and 2008 are still available.
                                                                           fry
             Editor's Note: The following is a sampling of the comments of the participants in the first forums
             "I thoroughly enjoyed every minute and expect to use the tools and methods expounded upon. Everyone was great. Carry on!
             You're doing a wonderful job. Easteller Bruihl, President, Star Reporting Service, Inc.

             "I have been raving about the forum to anyone who will listen since I returned. As a woman of color, I felt heard, validated and
             inspired. "Lena West, Founder & CEO, xynoMedia Technology

             "I have attended a few 'women' s business owners' seminars , meetings, etc. and this was the most valuable one to me...So,
             thank you again for recognizing the need for this study." Conni Evans, President, ANCON

             "As an African American woman and business owner, I found the conference truly enjoyable as well as intellectually
             stimulating . It was so great to hear women speak about their challenges and others advise on possible solutions"
             Jacquannette Lewis, Chief Operating Officer, Global Advertising 1st, Inc.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0004598
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 4 of 4


              Center for Women' s Business Research
              The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social and political
              impact of women business owners and their enterprises. We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the
              status and achievements of women business owners; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of
              women-owned enterprises; and driving awareness of the economic and social impact of this vital business sector. Find out
              more online at www.womensbusinessresearch.org.

              Babson College
              Babson College in Wellesley, Mass., is recognized internationally as a leader in entrepreneurial management education.
              Babson grants BS degrees through its innovative undergraduate program, and grants MBA and custom MS and MBA degrees
              through the F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College. Babson Executive Education offers executive
              development programs to experienced managers worldwide. For information, visit www.babson.edu.

              The Center for Women's Leadership (CWL) is dedicated to the advancement of women in business. Through the Centers
              education and outreach activities as well as through its research, CWL enables the professional accomplishment of women
              and the success of organizations seeking to leverage their talent and market power. Our extensive research and faculty team
              make Babson the leading authority on global women's entrepreneurship and a premiere source for the insights and
              educational opportunities that women need to achieve their leadership goals.

             2007 Sponsors
             Wachovia
             Bank of America
             Sam's Club/Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
             Wells Fargo & Company
             UPS Capital
             American Airlines
             eWomenNetwork
             IBM
             MasterCard
             Principal Financial Group
             Verizon
             eWomenNetwork Foundation
             Level Playing Field Institute
             National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO)
             National Women's Business Council (NWBC'
             Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)
             Women Presidents' Organization (WPO)
             Time-Warner
             AT&T

             2007 Affiliates
             America- China International Foundation
             Association of Women Business Centers
             Center for Leadership and Civic Engagement
             Georgia Women 's Business Council
             Women' s Business Development Center of Chicago
             Women' s Business Development Center of Philadelphia
             Women ' s Leadership Exchange




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0004599
