Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3



               Unknown

               From       Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASONJ
               Sent:      Monday , September 10, 2007 4:56 PM
               To:        gov.sarah @yahoo.com
               Subject: MOU Signing - Tues., 09.11

             Governor -

             I just faxed up one of the copies of the letter on the phone wire. Both letters were the same , just addressed to
             different support staff.

             Here is the attached MOU. I will also cut and paste into the body of this email in case in won't open on the
             blackberry. I have listed it on your calendar as FYI just in case you do decide to stop by for it . Thank you, Janice

                                     MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
                                                      between
                  Alaska Veterans Affairs (VA) Healthcare System and Regional Office (AVAHSRO)
                        Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA), Anchorage Regional Office
                                                        and
                          The Alaska Department of Military and Veterans Affairs (DMVA)


            I. Purpose: The purpose of this Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) is to define the
            mutually agreed upon requirements, expectations and obligations of the Alaska State
            Department of Military and Veterans Affairs (DMVA), the Alaska Veterans Affairs Healthcare
            System and Regional Office (AVAHSRO), and the Alaska Veterans Benefits Administration
            (VBA) in responding to the needs of our Veteran reservists as they return from combat. The
            growing number of Veterans returning to rural Alaska from mobilizations in support of the
            Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) necessitates a comprehensive and practical approach
            towards improving access to the full spectrum of Veteran benefits with an emphasis on
            healthcare. It is recognized that a combined effort will augment the ongoing, comprehensive
            effort to ensure military service members and their families are honored for their valuable and
            honorable service to our country.

            H. General Provisions: It is recognized that the Department of Defense and the Department
            of Veterans Affairs are providing world-class transition service to military members returning
            from GWOT mobilizations in dealing with the multitude of medical and psychological
            conditions associated with war. This agreement will focus primarily on ensuring Veteran
            reservists who served on active duty in combat locations will have access to a broad range of
            VA benefits, to include healthcare services for 2 years after leaving active duty.

            III. Specific Goals:
            Goal 1: Seamless Delivery of Healthcare Services to Rural Veterans
            Goal 2: Home Station Reunion and Reintegration Workshop for Returning GWOT Veterans to
                    include Post Deployment Health Reassessments



             8/26/2009
                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004603
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


             Goal 3: Multidisciplinary Mobile Outreach Teams
             Goal 4: Commit to meet regularly to address and work issues.

             Goal 1: Seamless Delivery of Healthcare Services to Rural Veterans
              Background:
                    o VA healthcare services are available at the joint VA/DOD Hospital at Elmendorf
                       AFB, an outpatient clinic in Anchorage, two Community Based Outpatient Clinics
                       (CBOC), one in Fairbanks and another in Kenai, and a referral network to the lower
                       48 states.
                    o VA psychological healthcare services are available at four Vet Centers (Anchorage,
                       Fairbanks, Kenai, and Wasilla), Domiciliary in Anchorage, Veterans Industries,
                       Compensated Work Therapy program, and outpatient mental health services at
                       main VA clinic in Anchorage and the CBOC in Fairbanks.
                    o Returning OEF and OIF Veterans are eligible for priority, free healthcare treatment
                      for two years and dental treatment for 90 days post-deployment, after discharge
                      from active duty.
                    o Statistics reflect that up to 30-35% of returning Veterans will seek at least one
                      psychological health visit within the first year after returning home.
                   o Unresolved emotional disturbances as a result of a Veteran's combat experience
                      could be extremely detrimental to a small, remote Alaskan community.
                   o Due to lack of access to a VA facility for healthcare, rural Alaska Native Veterans
                      will probably utilize the Alaska Tribal Health System.

                Initiatives:
                     o Through it's participation in the The Alaska Federal Healthcare Partnership
                         (AFHCP), the VA is implementing telemedicine and teleradiology capability at 235
                         sites around the State and has initiated a multi-year home telehealth monitoring
                         project through Alaska Native Tribal Healthcare Consortium (ANTHC). The
                         network may assist in providing telehealth in the future.
                    o The Tribal Veterans Representative Program was initiated by VA in 2007 to provide
                         training to tribal representatives on VA policy, procedures, eligibility, and rules.
                    o Alaska VA has instituted an education program for the Alaska Tribal Health
                         Organizations on VA eligibility and clinical information regarding Post Traumatic
                        Stress Disorder and other Veteran readjustment issues.
                    o Since Vet Centers provide critical readjustment counseling services to Veterans and
                        their families, Vet Centers will participate in the provision of outreach services.
                    o Assure coordination of access to care by creating flexible case management services
                        that recognize the individual and family needs of veterans. These services or
                        "pathways of care" will provide a link of services that connect rural Alaska with
                        Anchorage and Anchorage with Puget Sound.
                    o Work with state and federal agencies; civic organizations, and faith-based agencies
                        to ensure a wide variety of benefits for Alaska Veterans.
                    o All agencies will identify key individuals and commit resources to address/work
                        issues.




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI_0004604
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3


             Goal 2: Home Station Reunion and Reintegration Workshop (HSRRW) for Returning GWOT
             Veterans to include Post Deployment Health Reassessments. Within 90-180 days of returning
             from a GWOT mobilization, DMVA will conduct a HSRRW for those Veterans, typically in
             Anchorage. This workshop will also coincide with the Post-deployment Health Reassessment
             (PDHRA).
              PDHRA: DMVA will conduct PDHRAs on-site vice a telephone or web-based format. AK
                VHA will augment the PDHRA team to ensure appointments for follow-up care are made
                on site and to provide education and instruction to the PDHRA team on issues pertaining
                to VA referrals and services.
              Workshop: VA will be an integral part of this workshop in providing education on the full
                spectrum of Veterans' benefits and assisting with processing enrollment applications.
                Along with DMVA and VA, other participants will include the Alaska Department of
                Labor and the TRICARE Contractor (TriWest Healthcare Alliance Corporation).

             Goal 3: Multi-Disciplinary Mobile Outreach Teams: GWOT Veterans will need continuing
             transition assistance beyond the HSRRW. Alaska VA will participate with DMVA in multi-
             disciplinary team visits to remote Alaska for ensuring continued availability of services and
             the successful reintegration of Veterans into their communities. A Mobile Outreach Team visit
             will be conducted) within 12 months after a unit's return from a combat zone at their
             respective Battalion Hqs in Bethel, Nome, or Juneau. Additional outreach visits may be
             coordinated as required. The AK National Guard will seek to schedule opportune airlift
             support for Outreach Teams to the maximum extent possible.

             Goal 4: Commit to meet regularly to work and address issues:
              This MOU shall be reviewed annually to address any variables, new requirements, and to
               incorporate the strategic direction and intent of the heads of each participating agency.
              The Community Network Group meets monthly and will service as the action/working
               body to execute the goals and initiatives outlined in this document. NOTE: Other agencies
               will be brought in as necessary to work address specific issues/initiatives.

             IV. Signatures of Approving Officials:

             CRAIG E. CAMPBELL, Mai Gen, AKANG
             Commissioner, Department of Military and Veterans Affairs

            ALEX SPECTOR
            Director
            Alaska VA Healthcare System

            DOUG WADSWORTH
            Director
            VBA Service Center
            Anchorage Regional Office




             8/26/2009
                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0004605
