Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From :        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:         Tuesday, September 11, 2007 8:23 AM
             To:           Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject:      FW: Correction
             Importance: High




             From: Jodi Wolf [mailto:jwolf@ccthita.org]
             Sent: Monday, September 10, 2007 9:41 AM
             To: Jodi Wolf
             Subject: Correction
             Importance: High

             Please note the correct date for this release is today , September 10, 2007.


            From: Jodi Wolf
            Sent: Monday, September 10, 2007 9:36 AM
            To: Jodi Wolf
            Subject: Rural Business Enterprise Grant Secured to Establish an Angoon Small Business Development
            Center in 2007-2008




                                                                                   `Xj

            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
            September 10, 2007



                                   Rural Business Enterprise Grant Secured
                        to Establish a Small Business Development Center in Angoon

            The Business and Economic Development Department of the Central Council of
            Tlingit and Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska ( Central Council ), in partnership with
            Kootznoowoo, Inc., Angoon Tribal Council and the Angoon City Council, has
            successfully secured a Rural Business Enterprise grant with USDA Rural
            Development to establish a Small Business Development Center in Angoon in 2007-
             2008.

            The newly funded project will provide technical assistance and e -commerce
            education to local entrepreneurs . It will furnish one-on -one individual counseling to
            small businesses and potential business owners in areas such as pre-business
            planning , developing business plans, and credit practices among others.

            The project will also create a computer classroom with high -speed internet
            connection and distance - learning capability . The computer classroom and distance


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0004624
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 3


             learning component will be used for small business training , technical assistance , one-on-
             one counseling , and professional education . There is a possibility for a partnership with
             the Vocational Training & Resource Center (VTRC) in Juneau , which is a Central Council
             subsidiary , to broadcast some of its classes to Angoon . Additionally , local residents will be
             able to use the classroom to sell their arts and services online ; non-profit and community
             organizations from Juneau will be able to broadcast webinars and other events to Angoon
             with a click of a button.

             The Small Business Development Technician position that the project will create in
             Angoon , and the e-commerce and distance learning center will be supported by the grant,
             and by the Central Council, Angoon City Council, Kootznoowoo, Inc., and the Angoon
             Tribal Council.

             An outcome - oriented performance metrics will be adopted for this project. During the first
             12-month period, the Center will achieve the following results:

             s         Deliver 175 hours of face -to-face counseling.
             s          Help clients obtain $ 500,000 or more of capital support ( SBA loans , traditional bank
                       loans , credit enhanced loans, etc.)
             s         Host 10 workshops on small business - related and e-commerce - related topics and
                       conduct at least 5 distance learning events.
             s          Make the distance learning capability accessible to non-profits , tribal entities, and
                       other business and economic development organizations to conduct educational events
                       in the community.
             s     Make the computer classroom available to local residents to market and sell their
                   products and services online , for a reasonable fee.

                                         The Small Business Development Center in Angoon is but the first
                 EXI                     step in the Central Council's plan to support business development
                                         in the region. If the project is successful , Central Council's Business
                                         and Economic Development Department will continue working with
                                         interested Tribal Governments and other local organizations to roll
                                         out a network of such Centers in other tribal communities. The
                                         project will result in development of small and emerging private
                                         business enterprise in our region . It will give people skills and access
                                         to resources that are necessary to take advantage of existing
                                         opportunities for small business development.

                                    We are always looking for opportunities to build partnerships with
                                    interested individuals and organizations . If you would like to support
            this project financially or otherwise , please call Business & Economic Development
            Department manager Andrei Chakine at (907) 463 - 7121 or email him at
            achakine@ccthita.org.

                                                               ###


            Contact:
            Andrei Chakine


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI 0004625
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                              Page 3 of 3


              Manager, Business and Economic Development
              Central Council Tlingit & Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska
              9097 Glacier Highway , Juneau, Alaska 99801
              Phone : ( 907) 463 - 7121 Fax : (907) 463-7356
              Email: achakine @ ccthita.org




             Please note : If you would like to be removed from this mailing list, please reply with the word
             "Remove" in the Subject field.

             This E -mail is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. §§ 2510-2521 and is legally privileged . This information is
             confidential information and Is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above . If the reader of this message is not the
             intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0004626
