Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

              From :    John Katz [jwkatztaALASKADC.org]
              Sent:     Monday , September 10, 2007 4:54 AM
              To:       Sarah (GOV sponsored) Palin; Joseph R (GOV) Balash; gov.sarah @yahoo.com
              Cc:       Michael A (GOV) Tibbles
              Subject: Re: FW: Protect Governor Palin


             Joe, I will leave this to you and the Governor unless you want my participation.

             On the theory that the Governor's office is not equipped to respond to Chuck's specific
             comments and questions, I have been trying to steer him to the appropriate Federal and
             State regulators. In my opinion, DNR is handling all of this in a competent manner,
             including their responses and proposed responses to Mr. Hamel.

             However, I am also aware that perception becomes reality. So, I've been watching the
             interaction between Hamel and the State very closely. I want to make sure that
             Congressmen Dingell and Miller, along with other interested members of Congress, have
             sufficient facts to gain an accurate perception of what is happening.


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwkatz a.a1askadc.org. Thank you.


            >>> On 9/7/2007 at 9:58 PM, in message
            <4B8A5A 1 B956F474E82 FCEFA 1592 3 0B8D4BD62 E@SOAJNUMSGO3. soa. alaska. gov>,
            "Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:
                FYI.

                We can discuss the details on Monday or as your schedule permits.

                From: HamelChuck@cs.com [mailto:HamelChuck@cs.com]
                Sent: Friday, September 07, 2007 12:22 PM
                To: Katz, John W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
                Subject: Protect Governor Palin

               I believe it is your mutual responsibilty to warn Governor Palin
               that the most concerned techs at Alyeska and Prudhoe consider
               the Petroleum Systems Integrity Office as nothing more than
               bureaucratic rhetoric and intend to pass on their perceptions to
               the interested parties in DC to achieve safety in their workplace
               and protection for the integrity of their facilities.

               since I have no direct personal communications link to Governor Palin,
               except first class mail , I believe it is your separate or joint responsibility
               that she is not blind-sided from Washington and relevent media releases,
               regarding perceptions of in-effective State oversight of Alyeska and Prudhoe.

               As Governor Palin is well aware, I have special respect for her and desire
               that she is aware of the conduct by those who officially represent her.
               Thanks,
               Chuck




            8/25/2009
                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0004623
