Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                      gov.sarah @yahoo.com
         Sent :                     Tuesday, September 11, 2007 5:39 PM
         To:                        Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
         Subject:                   Re: letter to the editor


        Amen! That was good! Track joined the army today! He leaves for boot camp next week. I
        am very proud. And a teeny tiny bit scared. But its good!



        The girls join me in Juneau friday.

        Sent from my BlackBerrye device from Cellular one



         -----Original Message-----

        From :   " Frye ,   Ivy J ( DOA)" <ivy . frye @alaska.gov>



        Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2007 17:33:38

        To:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, gov.sarahoyahoo.com

        Subject: letter to the editor




        I like her!



        PS, It's finally sunny in Juneau. I'm going outside.



        I-told-you-so is not the song of a good leader for Alaska

        It's become painfully obvious why Andrew Halcro didn't win the election. Why in the world
        would Alaskans elect a person who takes such glee in the failure of the dairy and any
        other negative news regarding state issues? Rather than using his voice to propel us all
        forward with better ideas, Halcro is more concerned with being right and screaming "I told
        you so!" at the top of his lungs.

        I fully support Palin's decision to investigate the state of the dairy and explore all
        options to keep it open if it was economically viable to do so. It would be irresponsible
        to do otherwise: Too many livelihoods are at stake.

        Halcro still hasn't learned that Alaskans are tired of negative, embittered, "My way is
        the only way" divisive-style leadership. Many of us have great ideas, but few of us can
        lead. Halcro had no desire to lead, only to herd and be heard. We might listen if he had
        anything positive to contribute.

        ---- Trish Houser

       Anchorage


                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0004636
