Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@ alaska.gov)
             Sent:      Wednesday , September 12, 2007 9:13 AM
             To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Report Brief: Leading for Learning 2007




             From: Education Week [mailto: Education_Week_@xmr3.com]
             Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 7:38 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Report Brief: Leading for Learning 2007


              L

                  LEADING FOR LEARNING:
                  A Report on Leadership in Education
                  New challenges in education , spurred largely by the federal
                  No Child Left Behind Act, have increased pressure on
                  principals to improve student performance . As a result,
                  principal preparation programs have shifted their focus to
                  generate a new kind of school leader-one who often has
                  more extensive leadership training and a more diverse
                  background , according to a new report from Education Week
                  and the Editorial Projects in Education Research Center.

                  "Leading For Learning 2007" compares the differences
                  between up-and-coming principals-those with less than five
                  years of experience -with veteran school leaders who have
                  been on the job for more than 10 years , and investigates
                  new trends in leadership development.



                  The Next Generation of School Leaders
                  The principal workforce is getting older . In the last decade,
                  the median age of principals rose from 48 to 51 years. But
                  newer principals tend to come from more diverse
                  backgrounds and have a greater amount of leadership
                  experience, trends that signal significant changes in the
                  profession . Among the key differences between newer and
                  veteran principals:

                   ·    Newer principals have more leadership experience,
                       with more than 72 percent having been an assistant
                       principal before their first principalship, compared with
                       59 percent of veterans. Just under 5 percent of new
                       principals rose from the teaching ranks without
                       additional administrative or leadership experience, in
                       contrast with almost 15 percent of veteran school
                       leaders.

                   ·   More principals are female and from racial or ethnic
                       minority groups. Among up-and-coming principals, 54
                       percent are women and 20 percent are of color, as
                       opposed to 36 percent and 15 percent respectively
                       among veteran principals.




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004666
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 3


                 ·   New principals are more often faced with challenging schools . Half of up-and-coming
                     principals work in schools that did not fully meet performance standards, compared with 40
                     percent of veteran principals.




               New Approaches to Leadership Development


              The "Leading for Learning " report highlights the transformation of leadership programs that are
              increasingly focused on the recruitment of high -quality teachers with leadership potential ; greater
              use of practice-based curriculum to help shape instructional , rather than managerial , leaders;
              cooperation with local districts and schools ; and acceptance of non -traditional providers of
              leadership training , such as nonprofit companies and district-based programs . The report also
              takes an in-depth look at three Innovative programs that have set the tone for change , including:

                ·    England' s National College for School Leadership, which is the national credentialing
                     authority for school heads, as principals are known in England.

                ·    New Leaders for New Schools , which operates in nine urban districts and emphasizes
                     accountability in training principals for the particular challenges they face there.

                ·     East Tennessee State University, which has formed a collaborative partnership with two
                     local school districts to revamp its educational leadership program with an emphasis on
                     recruiting and mentorship.



              However, despite a growing consensus on how to better prepare principals and emerging research
              on best practices , changes in leadership preparation are still at the margins , according to the
              report. Most institutions are still not teaching the kinds of skills-including the use of data , research,
              and performance evaluation-leaders need in the 21st century.




              The 2007 Leading for Learning report is the fourth in a series of special reports on leadership in K-
              12 education underwritten by the Wallace Foundation , which seeks to improve student
              achievement by strengthening education leadership through the support and sharing of effective
              ideas and practices. For more information about the Wallace Foundation , please visit
              www.wal lacefop ndation.org.

              The full report is included in Education Week's September 12 issue and is available online at
              www.edweek .org/wallace.




              Online Chat : October 3 , 2-3 p.m. EDT
              Mark your calendars to join an online discussion on changes in principals ' preparation in an era of
              higher academic standards . To participate, visit www.edweek-chat.ora.




            If you would prefer not to receive further messages from this sender, please click on the following Internet link and confirm your request:




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0004667
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                        Page 3 of 3


             Click here for www link
             You will receive one additional e-mail message confirming your removal.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0004668
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Chief Academic Officer - Administrator - School District - K-12 - Education Managemen ... Page 1 of 3


             Unknown
             From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 8:44 AM
             To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: from THE GREENTREE GAZETTE - Avoid costly litigation and settlements




                      From : chiefacademicofficer@schoolmatch.com [mailto:chiefacademicofflcer@schoolmatch.com]
                      Sent: Tuesday, September 11, 2007 7:59 PM
                      To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                      Subject: from THE GREENTREE GAZETTE - Avoid costly litigation and settlements




                             Chief                                              Your Source for
                                                                   Reliable School and Education Inforn
                               c                is
                             Officer                           School Hatch . com I EducationExpert. com I HouseAppre

                       from THE GREENTREE GAZETTE



                                                     Business Intelligence for Higher Education

                      August 2007


                                   Avoid costly litigation and settlemei
                                                                           by

                                                               William L. Bainbridge



                      Any higher education administrator who has not been involved in
                      a lawsuit is unusually fortunate and will most likely sooner or
                      later face major litigation . Although administrators make
                      continuing efforts to protect the safety and health of campus
                      community members, lawsuits are being filed daily.

                      Legal compliance , employment, business, safety , environment,
                      social and technological risks are fertile ground for litigation.
                      Lawsuits drain money , time and energy from institutional
                      teaching , research and public service missions . Claims paid drive
                      up insurance premiums , and disputes resulting in out- of-court settlem
                      costly.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                        P RA_GS P01 _0004669
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Chief Academic Officer - Administrator - School District - K- 12 - Education Managemen ... Page 2 of 3




                     Today's issues include preventing horrid events like the attacks at Virginia Tech,
                     conflicts in employment, tenure, intellectual property rights, date rape, accusations
                     of hazing, managing student drinking, confidentiality of records, compliance with
                     the Americans with Disabilities Act, human subject research, campus crime, sexual
                     harassment and more.

                     Plaintiff and defense attorneys are busy establishing "standards of care" in cases
                     involving human resource management and campus accidents. Here are some
                     factors to consider.

                          · Is Institutional policy based on good judgment and consistent with the
                             accrediting association and state or national standards that apply?
                          · Is the policy communicated clearly to all administrators, faculty, staff and
                             students when appropriate?
                          · Is university or college in compliance with its own stated policy?
                          · Is policy consistent with that of comparable institutions?
                          · Are safety rules and guidelines followed?
                          · Are faculty and staff properly selected, trained and supervised?
                          · Is legal advice considered in the decision-making process?
                          · Are administrators, faculty and staff encouraged to consider legal implications
                             associated with their actions?
                          · Is appropriate training provided when technology, vehicles, facilities and
                             machinery are in use?

                     Reasonable mediation and dispute-resolution systems should be in place. Claims
                     should be recorded and analyzed to prevent recurrence. Practice prevention law by
                     frequently reviewing practices and policies with outside or in-house counsel to
                     prevent lawsuits from occurring.



                     William L. Bainbridge is Distinguished Research Professor for the University of Dayton and President & 1
                     Chief Executive Officer of SchoolMatch, a national educational auditing, research , and data organizationj
                     bainbridge@schoolmatch.com

                     CONTACTS :

                          · SIGN UP - Click to receive your own free
                                                                                      · ADVERTISE - Click to request advertising
                             subscription to SchooiMatch.
                                                                                         information from SchoolMatch.
                          · SUGGESTIONS - Click to submit any of your
                                                                                      · SchoolMatch.com - Click to visit our web site.
                            questions, comments or suggestions.


                     PRIVACY STATEMENT: SchoolMatch® will never distribute your e-mail address to anyone.

                     Public Priority Systems, Inc., 6167 Deeside Drive, Dublin, Ohio 43017

                                You are currently subscribed to school-match as:
                                govemor@gov .state.ak.us
                                To unsubscribe click here
                                or send a blank email to leave -921 946-
                                33937655W(c@pr3. netatlantic. com




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0004670
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            Chief Academic Officer - Administrator - School District - K- 12 - Education Managemen... Page 3 of 3




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                        PRA_GSP0I_0004671
