Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From:                     Palin , Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 7:39 AM
        To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
        Subject:                  Fw: Confidential - Fagan




        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        To: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>

        Sent: Wed Sep 12 07:38:46 2007

        Subject: Re: Confidential - Fagan



        Yeah, but he replied, "I know this stuff is hard for you...".                   Sheeeeesh . With friends like
        that I don't even need enemies!  Crap



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Wed Sep 12 07:31:32 2007

        Subject: Re: Confidential - Fagan




        Wow.    Nicely put and restrained email .... much more restrained than I wanted to be.



        F

        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>



        Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 06:02:34

        To:gbiegel@ak.net

        Cc:fek9wnr@yahoo.com

        Subject: Confidential - Fagan




                                                                1



                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0004672
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Glen - I don ' t even know what to say after catching your visit on Fagan's show yesterday.
         I wanted to call in and ask "why? " ... but I have to stop and pray before doing so, and so
         often it's better when I listen to the "don ' t-be-tempted - to-tell - em-what-you- really-
         feel..." answer . Thus, I didn ' t call you on your comments.



          The only thing I've been able to think of that would have angered you is me not being
         able to have dinner with you two weeks ago to talk about " future plans ". Again, I
         apologize for the Juneau trip that came between that invitation and my availability. My
         understanding was that you understood , if I'm mistaken, pls let me know.



          After yesterday it's been confirmed : The circle of confidants is so small in the world of
         politics , much less the circle of friends . Your comments and follow - on agreements with
         Fagan about his "more broken promises " claims , claims of pandering to media and not being
         conservative , etc, etc , etc... it was all heartbreaking ... but eye - opening for me as the
         circle grew smaller right before my ears . My gosh Glen - playing into Fagan's accusation
         that I care more for Alaska ' s dairy cows than I do our kids?



          I spoke with Tibbles afterwards - he was confident you were pleased with Pat Shier and
         understood that homeschool rules take time to change and has not heard from you anything
         to the contrary.



          I spoke with Boards and Commissions about your claims I could have swept out the entire
         board ... you know it ' s not as easy as that and we can sit down with you to show Dept of
         Law's opinion on that - but more important here is I , and Frank Baily , and Kris Perry, and
         Sean Parnell , and others have always been on your side on the homeschool issues with
         regard to desiring change and allowing parents more choices . You know that Glen , yet you
         chose such an odd venue to vent - instead of giving us a head's up with your disgust of
         the administration - a more productive and healthier way of discussing the issue could
         have been found.



          You've spoken to Sean , Frank, Todd , and me in the past two weeks. Couldn't you afford any
         of us the head ' s up re : what you really felt about us?



          Sorry to be so long in this email - I just am baffled and saddened that the circle closes
         ever smaller.



          BTW, we ' re anxious to capitalize on the opportunity Alaska has in front of us with the
         Educ Commish slot that ' s to be filled with the new ideas and new energy the Dept . needs.




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0004673
