Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                       Wednesday, September 12, 2007 5:28 AM
         To:                         PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                    Re: Glen B


         Frank and Kris and i were just sick to our stomachs . Frank was going to send glen an email
         asking " why?" - Frank used the term "... thrown under the bus".



         I dont know what changed recently with glen except me not meeting with him when he wanted
         to have dinner two wks ago around my Juneau trip . But i , too, didn ' t think that was a big
         deal.



         Again , this has proven how small the circle of "friends " is in politics . And if his
         support was fickle all along and one event changed everything , then i guess it was good to
         know that sooner rather than later . I'm glad now i didn ' t meet with him to talk about your
         or my "future plans " - it could have been used against us now that I know what he's
         capable of.

         Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




         -----Original Message-----

         From :   " PARNELL ,   S (GOV sponsored )" < sr.parnell @alaska.gov>




         Date : Tue, 11 Sep 2007 21:29:51

         To:gov . sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: Glen B




         The last time I spoke with Glen , he expressed no displeasure with any of your policies and
         commented that he thought you should be governor for eight years . I was completely
         surprised to read about his performance on the Fagan show .  So, bottom line , nothing I can
         figure from my conversation with him would have precipitated the exchange with Fagan.




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0004678
