Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 10:43 AM
         To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject :                 Fw: Letter from Governor Palin

         Attachments :             2007.07.30.PDF




          2007.07.30.PDF
              (31 KB)
                     no one shared any of this with me Mike - what's going on with Dept of Educ and
         homeschoolers?  I am going to have to reply to Glen that despite his requests for me to be
         kept in the loop on this, that the information was not shared with me. What was the date
         of these communications?




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Glen Siegel <gbiegel@ak.net>

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Wed Sep 12 09:25:25 2007

         Subject: Fw: Letter from Governor Palin



        Governor,




        Here is a copy of a letter from Lynn Smith and an email from one of our parents.



        Thanks

        Glen



        Here also is a paste from a different email about a response to Lynn Smith and a

        conversation that She , Sally Javier and I had:



        Hi Lynn,




        Thank you for replying. I would like to talk to you more on the comments from

        Barbara Thompson and share more information that I pray you will share with the

                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0004685
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Governor . The comments from Mrs . Thompson raise many concerns for parents who

         have been left out of this process.




         There was the perception of abuse. How many of these . abuses were documented?

         Why didn't the DEED do something ?         All the laws needed to prevent that abuse

         were in place . All the regulations needed to stop the abuse were in place. Why

         was regulation written in the absence of law? Do they admit that it destroys

         competition ? Do they admit that homeschoolers are having choice stripped from

         them? This was ordered by former Governor Murkowski who told his staff to shut

         us down and quiet the papers .        Why wasn ' t this handled with individual teachers

         who had a certificate they would like to keep?




        Also, Lynn ,    it is not going to work for Mrs. Thompson to say that Galena agreed

         to this . Galena was negotiating with the DEED and lobbying the legislature for

        other programs at the same time. Where were the other statewide programs at

         this meeting ? Where were the parents ?       Open testimony was closed even though

         there were lots of us waiting .       Does Galena speak for all? A quick call to any

        of the Galena folks will give you the honest answer that all statewide programs

        were being held at gunpoint during those meetings . The gun was that if they did

        not take what they were offered ,       the Murkowski DEED and Murkowski Board of EED

        would shut them down .         That meeting was one of the reasons why parents

        organized to look after the welfare of their children.




         (I'm paraphrasing here .)      Glen wondered how Rep . Hawker, and not the legislators

        who penned the legislation ,       could make decisions about regulations in the face

        of laws that are contradict.




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0004686
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Governor Palin told me when we talked       ( she was in Fairbanks at their fair

         campaigning ) that she believed in competition. Regulating statewide programs

         with regulations that do not apply to in - district homeschool programs is an

         equity issue that can not be ignored.




        Are you still at the office this morning ?        If we can not visit via phone today,

        when do you return from your ( more than likely a much needed ) vacation? Lynn,

        who would be your back up while you are on vacation?




        When Governor Palin ran for office , she, personally responded to the AREA

        questionnaire promising statewide homeschoolers , many of whom campaigned for

        her, some very specific things .       Please see the list below.




        Will the Governor meet with us? Has she turned her back on her promises? Who is

        the Board of EED and the DEED responsible to? Where do they get their authority?




       I look forward to your reply.




       Sincerely,



       Sally Javier



                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0004687
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         1. Currently, the State provides funding for school districts which enroll

         distance education students from around the state. These statewide programs

         currently serve nearly 10,000 Alaskan students.



         1. Would you support the continuation of State supported homeschooling in its

        current form?



        Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




        2. Brick and mortar schools in Alaska currently spend an average of $1,500 per

        pupil on extra-curricular activities, yet the statewide correspondence programs

        are limited to spending approximately $800 per pupil for fine arts and P.E.



        2. Would you support removing the regulations which cause this inequality among

        Alaskan students?



        Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




        3. The regulations adopted in 2004 and new interpretations of regulations

        adopted in 2005 impose restrictions on statewide homeschool programs which are

       not imposed on in-district homeschool programs.



       3. Would you work with the families of over 10,000 home school students to

       correct the disparate treatment of homeschool families according to their

       enrollment in .a statewide or an in-district homeschool program?



       Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes

                                                      4




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0004688
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         4. The statewide programs receive only 80,6 of the per pupil foundation formula

         amount, and they receive no support from local property taxes.



         4. Would you work with our members to remove the 20% funding penalty imposed on

         homeschool students in statewide programs?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         5. Last year, the Department of Education restricted the children of families in

         the statewide programs who use effective, privately purchased religious

         curricula, despite the fact that those materials clearly exceed the state's

         standards under AS 14.03.015, AS 14.07.20, etc.



         5. Would you work with our families to guarantee that homeschool parents and

        teachers can use any materials which are aligned with state standards?



        Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




        6. State law currently places no restrictions on independent homeschoolers (AS

        14.30.010.10.(b)). Nationwide, there is no correlation between state oversight

        and homeschooling outcomes.



        6. Do you support keeping the current "hands off" approach to independent

        homeschooling?



        Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes



                                                       5




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0004689
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         7. Homeschooling families tend to be more politically involved than the average.

         Many of our members would be willing to help a candidate who would support

         homeschooling.



         7. Would you like us to tell our member families that you would welcome their

         help in your campaign?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: "sally.javier" <sally.javier@ideafamilies.org>

         To: <adougherty@gci.net>; <bheinrichsol@kodiakschools.org>; <gbiegel@ak.net>;

         <alaskaplantlady@alaska.net>

        Sent: Monday, August 20, 2007 9:24 PM

        Subject: FW: Letter from Governor Palin




        -----Original Message-----

        From: S. Nymeyer [mailto:nymeyer@gci.net]

        Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 4:54 PM

        To: 'Sally Javier'; adougherty@gci.net; benshier@gci.net;

        bheinrichsol@kodiakschools.org; baheinrichs@hotmail.com;

        terinalochner@yahoo.com; gbiegel@ak.net; jclum@gci.net; jenhowie4@yahoo.com;

        joslin@wildak.net; alaskaplantlady@alaska.net; michelle@elementalmuse.com;

        nels.tomlinson@gmail.com; patshier@gci.net; peterkottl971@aol.com;

       peterkott@hotmail.com; sally.javier@ideafamilies.org; sguffanti@cox.net;

        sallyjavier@yahoo.com; kodiakak@gmail.com; vonclumm@gmail.com

                                                        6




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0004690
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: FW: Letter from Governor Palin



         Somehow this wasn't exactly the response I was hoping for...



         Susan



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Castle , Lillian K ( GOV) [mailto : lynn.castle @alaska.gov]

        Sent : Monday ,   July 30, 2007 4:24 PM

        To: nymeyer@gci.net

        Subject : Letter from Governor Palin




        Please see the attached letter from Governor Sarah Palin in response to

        your email.



        Lynn Castle




        -----Original Message-----

        From: imagistics6530       [mailto : imagistics6530 @gov.state . ak.us]

        Sent : Monday , July 30, 2007 4:48 PM

        To: Castle , Lillian K (GOV)

        Subject: Scanned PDF



        Scanned from IM653OExec

        Public Scan

        Scan to PDF

       Date : 2007/07/30

        Pages:1

       Resolution:200




                                                             7




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0004691
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         This document scanned to PDF at

         Juneau Exec Imagistics.




         No virus found in this incoming message.

         Checked by AVG Free Edition.

         Version: 7.5.476 / Virus Database: 269.10.25/926 - Release Date: 7/29/2007

         11:14 PM




         No virus found in this outgoing message.

         Checked by AVG Free Edition.

         Version: 7.5.476 / Virus Database: 269.10.25/926 - Release Date: 7/29/2007

         11:14 PM




                                                       8




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0004692
