Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 6:03 AM
         To:                       'gbiegel@ak.net
         Cc:                       'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'
         Subject:                  Confidential - Fagan


         Glen - I don't even know what to say after catching your visit on Fagan's show yesterday.
         I wanted to call in and ask "why?" ... but I have to stop and pray before doing so, and so
         often it's better when I listen to the "don't-be-tempted-to-tell-em-what-you-really-
         feel..." answer. Thus, I didn't call you on your comments.



         The only thing I've been able to think of that would have angered you is me not being able
         to have dinner with you two weeks ago to talk about "future plans". Again, I apologize for
         the Juneau trip that came between that invitation and my availability. My understanding
         was that you understood, if I'm mistaken, pls let me know.




        After yesterday it's been confirmed: The circle of confidants is so small in the world of
        politics, much less the circle of friends. Your comments and follow-on agreements with
        Fagan about his "more broken promises" claims, claims of pandering to media and not being
        conservative, etc, etc, etc... it was all heartbreaking... but eye-opening for me as the
        circle grew smaller right before my ears. My gosh Glen - playing into Fagan's accusation
        that I care more for Alaska's dairy cows than I do our kids?




        I spoke with Tibbles afterwards - he was confident you were pleased with Pat Shier and
        understood that homeschool rules take time to change and has not heard from you anything
        to the contrary.



        I spoke with Boards and Commissions about your claims I could have swept out the entire
        board... you know it's not as easy as that and we can sit down with you to show Dept of
        Law's opinion on that - but more important here is I, and Frank Baily, and Kris Perry, and
        Sean Parnell, and others have always been on your side on the homeschool issues with
        regard to desiring change and allowing parents more choices. You know that Glen, yet you
        chose such an odd venue to vent - instead of giving us a head's up with your disgust of
        the administration - a more productive and healthier way of discussing the issue could
        have been found.




        You've spoken to Sean, Frank, Todd, and me in the past two weeks. Couldn't you afford any
        of us the head's up re: what you really felt about us?



        Sorry to be so long in this email - I just am baffled and saddened that the circle closes
        ever smaller.



       BTW, we're anxious to capitalize on the opportunity Alaska has in front of us with the
       Educ Commish slot that's to be filled with the new ideas and new energy the Dept. needs.




                                                               1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0004676
