Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From:           Thomas Aquinas [saquinas@hotmail.com]
             Sent:           Wednesday, September 12, 2007 11:48 PM
             To:             Kim; Anna C (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
             Subject:        RE: Ethics Violation in Department of Administration
             Importance: High
             Dear Ms Kim,
             Thank you for responding to my emails. I don't doubt that our governor receives a lot
            of emails and relies on staff to follow up. Even more importantly she relies on
            commissioners and other public servants to make sound ethical decisions without
            having to stand over their shoulders. The substance of your email demonstrates that
            this ethics concern has NOT been taken seriously.
             I ask that the Attorney General to conduct a good faith investigation.
             It would take the honest answer to one question to figure this out: Why is this HR
            Manager position being created in Anchorage? The answer: It was created for one
            reason -- the personal gain of Diane Kiesel. Ask Commissioner Krietzer: If Diane
            Keisel was still living in Juneau -- would this classified position be moved to Anchorage?
             This is a violation of the Ethics Act.
             Your email says Commissioner Kreitzer is aware of the law. In that case, she will not
            be able to say that she didn't realize what she or Diane Keisel is doing. It's ridiculous to
            say that the best person for the job can possibly be hired when the Commissioner,
            Deputy Commissioner and Ms Kiesel have run off so many good applicants from
            applying.
             If the Commissioner and Governor both really want the best person for the job, why not
            open the job up to people in Juneau and Anchorage, and then actually encourage
            quality applicants. Then the State could then put the position in the location depending
            on where the best applicant lives. Now that would appear far more fair and maybe undo
            at least part of the message that has been sent by Diane, the Commissioner and
            Deputy Commissioner that the job is Diane's already.
             Please do the right thing.
             Concerned Alaskan,
            Tom Aquinas



                     Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2007 11:35:03 -0800
                     From: anna .kim@alaska.gov
                     Subject: Ethics Violation in Department of Administration
                     To: saqulnas@hotmall.com

                     Dear Mr. Aquinas,

                     Thank you for writing Governor Palin regarding your concerns of ethics
                     regarding the position recruitment of Human Resources Manager II
                     position. The Governor receives many emails such as yours and does not
                     have time to respond personally to them all. She has asked that I respond on
                     her behalf.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0004680
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                   Your concerns were taken seriously. Commissioner Kreitzer is well aware of the
                   personnel rules and laws surrounding hiring practices. No ethical violation has
                   been found based on the information you provided regarding the recruitment of
                   the Human Resources Manager II position.

                   Once the recruitment and interviewing process is completed, the expectation of
                   both the Governor and Commissioner Kreitzer is that the best qualified candidate
                   for the job will be chosen.

                   Anna

                   Anna Kim
                   Special Staff Assistant
                   Office of the Governor




            More photos; more messages; more whatever - Get MORE with Windows LiveTM Hotmail®. NOW with 5GB
            storage. Get more!




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0004681
