Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                      Wednesday, September 12, 2007 10:05 PM
         To:                        Campbell; Craig (MVA)
         Cc:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Alaska Guard Kuwait Return (UNCLASSIFIED)


         Thanks - I'll cc Janice so we can note this possible event .                it will be joyous to have them
         arrive safe and sound.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Campbell, Craig AK TAG NGAK" <craig.campbell2@us.army.mil>



         Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 14:58:03

         To:<gov .sarah@yahoo.com>

         Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Alaska Guard Kuwait Return (UNCLASSIFIED)




         Classification:       UNCLASSIFIED

         Caveats: NONE



         Governor:



         For planning purposes, I know that you were interested in possibly meeting

         our Alaska National Guard soldiers as they return from Kuwait. As the plan

         appears to be developing, the only opportunity to meet with all 560 will be

         upon their initial return to country. They will be returning to Camp Shelby,

         MS, not Ft Richardson, AK. Once they leave Camp Shelby, they will go direct

         to their home of record.



         So, the only opportunity for you to meet with all 560 as they return will be

         at Camp Shelby. Dates are not yet set, but we anticipate that the return

         will occur between 10 -17 October.         We probably will not have the firm return

         date for another two weeks.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004726
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I know you can not commit to your calendar at this point, as we do not have a

         specific date.      However, I want you to be aware that we are reserving one of

         the Army UC-35 (Cessna Citation jets) for a direct flight from Anchorage to

         Gulfport to coincide with the return. BG Katkus will be on that flight along

         with other senior leaders of the Alaska Army National Guard. We will be

         holding a seat for you. If it works out, I would encourage you to take the

         trip.    I would meet you in Gulfport, as I will be coming down from DC. Your

         soldiers would genuinely appreciate the gesture that you traveled the

         distance to see them return to American soil.



         I will keep you informed as the dates are refined.



         Craig

         Classification:       UNCLASSIFIED

         Caveats: NONE




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0004727
