Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 8:42 PM
          To:                       Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC)
          Subject:                  Re: Climate Train is Leaving


          Pls make sure all others involved in friday' s messaging has your info. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC)" <larry.hartig@alaska.gov>



          Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 20:27:41

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Subject: Re: Climate Train is Leaving




          Governor,




          We will be providing a status report to your office tomorrow on the status of the sub-
         cabinet and DEC's work on Climate Change issues. If there is any other assistance we can
         provide on the press release for Friday, we will be pleased to do this.



          Larry



           ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles,
         Michael A (GOV); Irwin, Tom E ( DNR); Hartig , Lawrence L (DEC ); Katz, John W (GOV)

          Cc: Stapleton, Meghan N (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV)

          Sent : Wed Sep 12 17:57:14 2007

          Subject: Re: Climate Train is Leaving



          We need to do a presser on this on friday

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0004740
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -----Original Message-----

          From: "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>



          Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 14:13:38

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Leschper, Beth (GOV)" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>,"Leighow,
         Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
         <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

          Subject: RE: Climate Train is Leaving




          I had Cora give a run down on what is happening with the Climate Change sub-cabinet. See
         below.



          I just spoke with Larry and got a little more information on a few topics.

          The administrative order creating the climate change sub-cabinet is ready for the
         Governor's signature.  She will likely be signing it Friday when she is in town. It may
         be appropriate to issue a press release.

          The climate change sub-cabinet is meeting in Fairbanks in early October. It is likely
         that at that meeting they will recommend that representatives from DEC be appointed
         observers to the Western Region Climate Initiative.  Mike Tibbles already has a draft
         letter to that effect.  As observers, we can participate in the process, but aren't
         necessarily agreeing to the goals they have adopted.  Again, when this is finalized, we
         could issue a press release.

          It appears that most of the suggested actions are already in the works.




          From : Crome, Cora J (GOV)

           Sent : Wednesday ,   September 12, 2007 11:18 AM

           To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: Climate Change



         The administration has been fairly active on climate change, although groups highly
        focused on the issue might desire even more action or might be unaware of some of our
        efforts.



         * The Governor created the climate change sub-cabinet, which has been meeting regularly
        and coordinating between departments, the Governor's office, and the university on the
        issue.  The sub-cabinet received a fair amount of press coverage when it was first created
        despite the lack of a formal announcement. If we were to finalize the administrative
        order creating the sub-cabinet, that might be an opportunity for a press release to again
        draw attention to these efforts. The sub-cabinet has been working with communities,
        national groups, the legislative commission, and the congressional delegation to address
                                                          2




                                                                                                      P RA_GS P01 _0004741
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         topics such as effects on fisheries , erosion in coastal communities , federal legislation,
         and carbon emissions.

          * At some point , federal funding may be available to help states adapt and cope with the
         effects of climate change .  Our D . C. office is already working closely with our
         congressional delegation on legislation .    At this point it isn ' t clear whether such
         legislation will be passed or what form it may take , but our office is working to ensure
         that Alaska benefits from any such legislation.

          * We have not yet spoken publicly on HB152 , the renewable energy fund .   This is largely
         due to uncertainty about the funding source .  Although the concept is one that we would
         likely support, it is important to verify that the funding source .    Options , including the
         possible use of remaining railbelt energy funds , are being explored .   Once a concrete
         proposal for funding has been advanced , we will be in a position to determine and announce
         our support for the fund.

          * The benefits of the gas pipeline to both the state and the nation have been a major
         focus of communications from this office .  It is possible that a specific tie to climate
         change could be further emphasized in the future.

          * The Western Region Climate Initiative is a relatively new group , formed in February of
         this year . Currently 6 states and 2 Canadian provinces have joined , while another 4
         states and 3 provinces are observers . The climate change sub - cabinet has been discussing
         what the appropriate level of involvement for Alaska in this and other such initiatives
         might be.

          * We are . also coordinating with the Arctic Research Commission to identify opportunities
         for state involvement in research and policy matters in the Arctic as changing conditions
         draw increased global attention to this area.



          I can follow up with Larry about progress and future plans for the climate change sub-
         cabinet and provide more information after I have the opportunity to talk with him.




          -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com <mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com> ]

           Sent : Wednesday, September 12, 2007 7:20 AM

           To: Leschper, Mary C (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich,
         Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: Fw: Climate Train is Leaving




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From : " Irwin , Tom E ( DNR)" <tom . irwin@alaska.gov>


                                                           3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004742
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Date:   The, 11 Sep 2007 23:54:58

           To:Palin Sarah' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           Subject: FWi Climate Train is Leaving




          Governor,  I thought a lot about whether I should pass this on but decided you would want
         to see what the conservation side is thinking. I don't agree with all the comments but a
         lot matches our thoughts and I respect Kate. Tom




                                                      4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0004743
