Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 11:29 AM
         To:                       Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
         Subject:                  Re: Ramras


         Thanks Joe - So what did you do to defend the admin in these conversations? And Jay spoke
         at the ethics bill signing ceremony... I did not snub him - and i read the script laid out
         in front of me at that ceremony. I'm sure Bitney has done all he can to help with this
         issue , right? As he's the one who set up the bill signing ceremony.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From :   " Balash , Joseph R (GOV)" <joe. balash@alaska.gov>



         Date : Wed, 12 Sep 2007 10:48:36

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Cc:"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>,Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>,
         "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

         Subject: RE: Ramras




         I had two conversations with Ramras.



        The first occurred after his appearance on the radio. I called to give

        him a hard time--that apparently he blows smoke when he talks to me and

        turns around and disparages me when he 's talking to his buddies in the

        business community.        I had to cut the conversation short, but said I

        would be calling him over the weekend about the special                  session.



        The second call occurred on Monday before the press conference. It was

        a verrry long conversation where he vented on a number of fronts. The

        first was about your use of the word corruption when speaking about PPT.

        His feeling, and the feeling of many of his colleagues (according to

        him-but somewhat verified by the calls I made to the other house

        majority members ),     is that all legislators are under the gun and assumed

                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0004762
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          guilty by the public .      He probably spent 20 minutes going on and on

          about this.



          The second issue he is upset about revolves around the ethics bill. He

          feels snubbed by the way the bill signing was handled .            After making an

          accommodation for you to come introduce the omnibus bill in his

          Judiciary Committee , he feels like he deserves a little gratitude for

          the slings and arrows he took--particularly because all his bills died

          in the Senate as a consequence .       At the signing ceremony in July, you

          thanked " Hollis French and all the other legislators " who helped make

          the bill happen .     The fact that he is holding on to those particular

          words two months later suggests to me that he has taken this very, very

         personally.



         Between those two issues ,       he is convinced that the public thinks you are

         against all Republicans and out to help Hollis French and the

         Democrats -- that somehow they are the only " pure" politicians.            He is

         adamant that the way you talk about the corruption issue does nothing to

         provide cover for those in the majority who are not corrupt .              With that,

         he is turning to the PPT issue and suggesting that the dynamic you have

         set up is for legislators to follow your lead -- otherwise they are

         corrupt .     He is not willing to follow your lead ; he believes that he in

         particular worked hard to change the PPT from the Murkowski version and

         that he , nor most of his colleagues , were corrupted on the vote ; he also

         believes changing taxes this often is bad policy; he thinks this is all

         political opportunity rather than focused policy.



         The bottom line is , he feels threatened politically and that he needs to

         go on the offensive to voice why he is going to be a "no" vote.

         Otherwise ,   it's his sense that being a quiet "no " is going to be taken

         as an indication that he is corrupt .       Therefore , he has to explain

         loudly why he opposes you on this subject.



         I have to say that, based on the conversations I had with House Majority
                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1 _O0O4763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         members ahead of the press conference, he is not alone. There is a real

         need for you to continue expressing appreciation for the honest and

         deliberate members of the legislature. Some of them arrived at the 20P

         tax rate for valid reasons. Some of them, obviously, arrived at 20's for

         other reasons--some corrupt.          Differentiating between the, two is

         important--and likely to be the subject of another op-ed in the

         communications plan for ACES.



         I hope this provides some insight into Ramras' behavior. Halcro's is

         just the manifestation of a spoiled brat who is a sore loser--who wants

         to run for Congress and join his friend, Lisa Murkowski, in the US

         Senate.



         Joe



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 9:10 AM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

         Subject: Ramras



         I dont know how your conversations went with Ramras , Joe and Tibs... but

        AH was on another tear this morning using the conversation(s) against

        us. Maybe Ramras misconstrued the content of your conversation(s) and

        passed it on to AH? Or was there more to the Ramras call that I must be

        missing?



        Also, someone told AH that Tom Irwin directed someone to spend four

        hours transcribing the radio rampage of Ramras' ...he was gleeful about

        that on the radio this morning... but he wasn't being truthful.



        What am I missing here with your convo's with Ramras?

                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0004764
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




                                                       4
