Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [ mike.tibbles c@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Wednesday , September 12, 2007 11:01 AM
         To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Subject :                 RE: Letter from Governor Palin


         I will go chek on the letters and dates.    I asked Lynne about her recent contact with
         Glenn and she said two weeks ago she passed along that next week's board meeting will not
         only take public testimony but will hold a worksession on the homeschoolers issue. She
         received the impression that he was happy that that board is taking up the issue.



         A while back Roger brought in RichMauer who was the board chair. They walked through the
         campaign survey and pressed you for direction. At that meeting, I reuested we have a
         folow up to really dig into the issue. We did that and we pressed the dept for solutions.
         Roger was under the impression that the legislature should take up the issue. He believes
         the board has tried twice and now the legislature should take it from here. One clear
         message he passed along was that the issue is very divisive and to go as afr as Glenn
         would like would set off every school district and thousands of parents.



         I will still get more info on the letter to make sure we both know what was sent out.
         However , I don't know if we should get in the middle of the board's work before they make
         a recommendation.



        Mike

         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

        To: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

         Sent: 9/12/2007 10:43 AM

        Subject: Fw: Letter from Governor Palin



        no one shared any of this with me Mike - what's going on with Dept of Educ and
        homeschoolers ? I am going to have to reply to Glen that despite his requests for me to be
        kept in the loop on this, that the information was not shared with me. what was the date
        of these communications?



        ----- Original message -----

        From : Glen Siegel <gbiegel@ak.net>

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Wed Sep 12 09:25 :25 2007

        Subject: Fw: Letter from Governor Palin



        Governor,
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Here is a copy of a letter from Lynn Smith and an email from one of our parents.



         Thanks

         Glen



         Here also is a paste from a different email about a response to Lynn Smith and a

         conversation that She , Sally Javier and I had:



        Hi Lynn,




        Thank you for replying .       I would like to talk to you more on the comments from

        Barbara Thompson and share more information that I pray you will share with the

        Governor . The comments from Mrs . Thompson raise many concerns for parents who

        have been left out of this process.




        There was the perception of abuse .       How many of these abuses were documented?

        Why didn ' t the DEED do something?       All the laws needed to prevent that abuse

        were in place. All the regulations needed to stop the abuse were in place. Why

        was regulation written in the absence of law? Do they admit that it destroys

        competition ? Do they admit that homeschoolers are having choice stripped from

        them? This was ordered by former Governor Murkowski who told his staff to shut

        us down and quiet the papers. Why wasn ' t this handled with individual teachers

        who had a certificate they would like to keep?




        Also, Lynn ,   it is not going to work for Mrs. Thompson to say that Galena agreed

        to this . Galena was negotiating with the DEED and lobbying the legislature for

                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0004767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          other programs at the same time .         Where were the other statewide programs at

          this meeting ? Where were the parents ?         Open testimony was closed even though

          there were lots of us waiting. Does Galena speak for all? A quick call to any

          of the Galena folks will give you the honest answer that all statewide programs

          were being held at gunpoint during those meetings .            The gun was that if they did

          not take what they were offered, the Murkowski DEED and Murkowski Board of EED

          would shut them down .        That meeting was one of the reasons why parents

          organized to look after the welfare of their children.




          (I'm paraphrasing here .) Glen wondered how Rep . Hawker, and not the legislators

          who penned the legislation , could make decisions about regulations in the face

         of laws that are contradict.




         Governor Palin told me when we talked          ( she was in Fairbanks at their fair

         campaigning ) that she believed in competition .           Regulating statewide programs

         with regulations that do not apply to in - district homeschool programs is an

         equity issue that can not be ignored.




         Are you still at the office this morning ?          If we can not visit via phone today,

         when do you return from your          ( more than likely a much needed ) vacation? Lynn,

         who would be your back up while you are on vacation?




        When Governor Palin ran for office ,         she, personally responded to the AHEA

        questionnaire promising statewide homeschoolers , many of whom campaigned for

        her, some very specific things .          Please see the list below.



                                                               3




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0004768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Will the Governor meet with us? Has she turned her back on her promises? who is

          the Board of EED and the DEED responsible to? Where do they get their authority?




          I look forward to your reply.




          Sincerely,



          Sally Javier




          1. Currently ,   the State provides funding for school districts which enroll

          distance education students from around the state . These statewide programs

          currently serve nearly 10,000 Alaskan students.



          1..Would you support the continuation of State supported homeschooling in its

         current form?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         2. Brick and mortar schools in Alaska currently spend an average of $1,500 per

         pupil on extra -curricular activities, yet the statewide correspondence programs

         are limited to spending approximately $800 per pupil for fine arts and P.E.



         2. Would you support removing the regulations which cause this inequality among

                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0004769
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaskan students?



          Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




          3. The regulations adopted in 2004 and new interpretations of regulations

          adopted in 2005 impose restrictions on statewide homeschool programs which are

          not imposed on in - district homeschool programs.



          3. Would you work with the families of over 10 , 000 home school students to

          correct the disparate treatment of homeschool families according to their

          enrollment in a statewide or an in-district homeschool program?



          Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




          4. The statewide programs receive only B0% of the per pupil foundation formula

         amount , and they receive no support from local property taxes.



         4. Would you work with our members to remove the 20% funding penalty imposed on

         homeschool students in statewide programs?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         S. Last year ,    the Department of Education restricted the children of families in

         the statewide programs who use effective , privately purchased religious

         curricula, despite the fact that those materials clearly exceed the state's

         standards under AS 14 . 03.015, AS 14 . 07.20, etc.



         5. Would you work with our families to guarantee that homeschool parents and
                                                      5




                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0004770
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         teachers can use any materials which are aligned with state standards?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         6.   State law currently places no restrictions on independent homeschoolers (AS

         14.30.010.10.(b)). Nationwide, there is no correlation between state oversight

         and homeschooling outcomes.



         6. Do you support keeping the current "hands off" approach to independent

         homeschooling?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         7. Homeschooling families tend to be more politically involved than the average.

         Many of our members would be willing to help a candidate who would support

         homeschooling.



         7. Would you like us to tell our member families that you would welcome their

         help in your campaign?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         ----- Original message -----

        From: "sally.javier" <sally.javier@ideafamilies.org>

        To: <adougherty@gci.net>; <bheinrichsOl@kodiakschools.org>; <gbiegel@ak.net>;

        <alaskaplantlady@alaska.net>

        Sent : Monday, August 20, 2007 9:24 PM

                                                         6




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0004771
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Subject; FW: Letter from Governor Palin




          -----Original Message-----

          From: S. Nymeyer (mailto:nymeyer@gci.net]

         Sent : Monday, July 30, 2007 4:54 PM

         To: 'Sally Javier'; adougherty@gci.net; benshier@gci.net;

         bheinrichs0l@kodiakschools.org; baheinrichs@hotmail.com;

         terinalochner@yahoo.com; gbiegel@ak.net; jclum@gci.net; jenhowie4@yahoo.com;

         joslin@wildak.net; alaskaplantlady@alaska.net; michelle@elementalmuse.com;

         nels.tomlinson@gmail.com; patshier@gci.net; peterkottl971@aol.com;

         peterkott@hotmail.com; sally.javier@ideafamilies.org; sguffanti@cox.net;

         sallyjavier@yahoo.com; kodiakak@gmail.com; vonclumm@gmail.com

         Subject: FW: Letter from Governor Palin



         Somehow this wasn't exactly the response I was hoping for...



         Susan



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Castle, Lillian K (GOV) [mailto:lynn.castle@alaska.gov]

         Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 4:24 PM

         To: nymeyer@gci.net

         Subject: Letter from Governor Palin




         Please see the attached letter from Governor Sarah Palin in response to

         your email.



         Lynn Castle




                                                        7




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0004772
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          -----Original Message-----

         From: imagistics6530 [mailto:imagistics6530®gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 4:48 PM

         To: Castle, Lillian K (GOV)

         Subject: Scanned PDF



         Scanned from IM653OExec

         Public Scan

         Scan to PDF

         Date:2007/07/30

         Pages:1

         Resolution:200




         This document scanned to PDF at

         Juneau Exec Imagistics.




         No virus found in this incoming message.

         Checked by AVG Free Edition.

        Version: 7.5.476 / Virus Database: 269.10.25/926 - Release Date: 7/29/2007

         11:14 PM




        No virus found in this outgoing message.

        Checked by AVG Free Edition.

        Version: 7.5.476 / Virus Database: 269.10.25/926 - Release Date: 7/29/2007

        11:14 PM




                                                       8




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0004773
