Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 8:35 PM
          To:                       Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: This is ridiculous


          These are good ideas. Just use what we have in the house, I'll go purchase stuff that's
          not already in the house if I have to, or I'll bring brownie mixes from home in Wasilla if
          I find the time to gather stuff up - and then the state won't have to spend anything to
          host these Alaskan kids so they can eat their brownies at the mansion, legally. And then
          from hence forth I'll remember that it's "an issue" to feed visitors. This should apply to
          ALL the visitors, too, though - right? Staff, legislators, Juneau community members,
          people outside my immediate family, etc who visit the mansion and previously would have
          been offered something to eat?



          I don't want to sound sarcastic about this, and it's not your fault and I appreciate you
          seeking solutions here - but I've seen what the state spends in our $8 billion budget, and
          I'm doing all I can to save money out of the Governor's and Mansion's budgets... so it's
          impossible for me to swallow that this became an issue.



          I never thought accepting a team's request to visit their mansion would have turned into
          an all-afternoon controversy.



         Please don't purchase any food, flowers, decorations, bedding, etc for the house for my
         family. We're going to be under an unfair microscope and the kids and I will make do on
         our own with this food issue (it's evidently become an issue since we chose to save money
         by doing without a chef) until someone can put it writing for me what is legal, what is
         not legal to eat.



         Make sure when you invite the Juneau team (and all future teams, classrooms, rotary clubs,
         NEA groups, legislators, etc) that food won't be served until we get the "go ahead" from
         whomever makes these decisions for me. Don't want to do anything wrong here....



         The only request I have still is for a kitchen table upstairs so we don't have to eat
         meals sitting on the beds or couch. I'll purchase a cheap one when I get to Juneau, as
         that would be cheaper than buying a cheap one here and shipping it.

         Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov>



         Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 20:16:52

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesoalaska.gov>,"Perry,
         Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Re: This is ridiculous
                                                                  1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0004745
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Governor,



          Sorry I was rushing out the door for K's Open House..



          I'd be willing to use up stuff (3jars of sauce & pkg. of noodles, etc) that we have at
         the House and just buy some extra spagh. sauce and noodles at Costco and do a low budget
         dinner for Colony.  I'd donate the sauce and noodles if we just wanted to stay away from
         adding extra costs; might be able to get a donated container of a drink from
         McDonalds ... and use up leftover reception food and we have a box of mic. popcorn plus
         brownies.



          I really don't want to try to push anything on you, just ideas.



          Erika




          ----- Original Message -----

          From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Sent : Wed Sep 12 16:41:32 2007

          Subject: This is ridiculous



         Erika - huge issues seem to have erupted on the visiting football team on Friday. This
        "controversy" stems from the perception that I'd be favoring a visiting team from the
        Valley over the local Juneau team, and that "parents are sensitive to this, they may write
        letters to the editor", etc.



          What a crock.



         We've hosted so many groups, classrooms, teams, etc in the mansion and/or the Juneau
        office and no one has said boo about it.



         There's questions about who'd pay for what (food-wise) if the visiting team came over.
        It's obvious the question is being asked because this is a visiting team, and not Juneau
        (tho I was anxious to have the Juneau visit too). I am sickened by this controversy.


                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004746
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          A budget meeting where Perez and Rehfeld brought this up? These type of issues,
         obviously , were never dealt with by Knowles and Murkowski - I am sickened by this and
         Erika and I were excited to get to invite more Alaskan kids to see THEIR mansion, not
         ours.



          So as to not disappoint the team, but to not get me, my administration or Erika in
         trouble, no food will be served unless the team brings it themselves ... sounds like the
         controversy was also over " the State can't pay for the food since there isn't an in-house
         chef anymore "... So no food.



          Add to the solutions ' list Mike , Erika, etc so we can conclude this issue before it gets
         even uglier.



          Again, I am heartsick that anyone perceived this a negative thing.

          Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0004747
