Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

               From:        Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU = FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROMI
               Sent:        Wednesday , September 12, 2007 5:35 PM
               To:          'gov .sarah@yahoo .com'; Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Subject: RE: This is ridiculous

            Hello Governor,

            What if we were pro-active with this- as I think it's a good opportunity to show hospitality to Colony while they're in Juneau;
            and to the Juneau team.

            To ward off any potential for a negative response - I could speak to the Juneau coaching staff tonight (and players) and let
            them know that you'd like to have them over for dinner to celebrate their successful season . We could host the dinner on a
            Thursday evening before one of their home games (we have 3 in a row); either the House could provide the spaghetti fixings
            or our 1st & 10 Club could . We could work out details later, but the invitation would already be extended.

            We could go ahead with the Colony dinner and I could just purchase the items at Costco (spagh . stuff or frz. pizzas), then it's
            not like we have a check out to Domino's.

            I spoke with Linda yesterday, before I moved ahead with the pizzas and she had absolutely no problem with state money
            being spent on the f-ball team . I always like to make sure I'm not doing something that will reflect poorly on you ; and there
            wasn't anything negative implied in her response.

            Besides your a Hockey Mom/Governor, so it makes sense that you'd have kids over!

            Please let me know how you 'd like to proceed.

            Thanks!

            Eriak


            Erika Fagerstrom
            Executive Residence Manager
            Governor's House
            State of Alaska, Office of the Governor
            716 Calhoun Avenue, Juneau, Alaska 99801
            Phone: 907-465-3500 ; Fax: 907-465-2031


            -----Original Message----
            From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto : gov sarah@yahoo com]
            Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 4:42 PM
            To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
            Subject: This is ridiculous

            Erika - huge issues seem to have erupted on the visiting football team on Friday . This "controversy" stems from the
            perception that rd be favoring a visiting team from the Valley over the local Juneau team, and that "parents are sensitive to
            this, they may write letters to the editor", etc.

            What a crock.

            We've hosted so many groups , classrooms, teams, etc in the mansion and/or the Juneau office and no one has said boo about
            it.




            8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                PRA_GSPO1 _0004775
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2



             There's questions about who'd pay for what (food-wise) if the visiting team came over . It's obvious the question is being
             asked because this is a visiting team , and not Juneau (tho I was anxious to have the Juneau visit too). I am sickened by this
             controversy.

             A budget meeting where Perez and Rehfeld brought this up? These type of issues , obviously, were never dealt with by
             Knowles and Murkowski - I am sickened by this and Erika and I were excited to get to invite more Alaskan kids to see
             THEIR mansion, not ours.

             So as to not disappoint the team , but to not get me , my administration or Erika in trouble , no food will be served unless the
             team brings it themselves ... sounds like the controversy was also over "the State can't pay for the food since there isn't an in-
             house chef anymore "... So no food.

             Add to the solutions' list Mike, Erika, etc so we can conclude this issue before it gets even uglier.

            Again, I am heartsick that anyone perceived this a negative thing.
            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




            8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0004776
