Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                       Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
         Sent:                        Wednesday, September 12, 2007 5:16 PM
         To:                          gov. sarah @yahoo.com
         Subject :                    RE: This is ridiculous


         I just talked to Erika and she will be sending you an email very shortly. Basically what
         she will recommend is that we get the word to the other team that we are excited to host
         them in the near future (maybe as they move into the playoffs). As far as food, she
         thought it would be very easy to make up spaghetti from the house or buy Costco pizzas and
         cook them in the big oven. For what it is worth, it sounds like a good plan to me.



        Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah @ yahoo.com [mailto:gov. sarah@yahoo.comj

         Sent : Wednesday ,    September 12, 2007 4:42 PM

        To: Fagerstrom ,      Erika    (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

        Subject : This is ridiculous



        Erika - huge issues seem to have erupted on the visiting football team on Friday. This
        "controversy" stems from the perception that I'd be favoring a visiting team from the
        Valley over the local Juneau team, and that "parents are sensitive to this, they may write
        letters to the editor", etc.



        What a crock.



        We've hosted so many groups, classrooms, teams, etc in the mansion and/or the Juneau
        office and no one has said boo about it.



        There's questions about who'd pay for what (food-wise) if the visiting team came over.
        It's obvious the question is being asked because this is a visiting team , and not Juneau
        (tho I was anxious to have the Juneau visit too). I am sickened by this controversy.



        A budget meeting where Perez and Rehfeld brought this up? These type of issues, obviously,
        were never dealt with by Knowles and Murkowski - I am sickened by this and Erika and I
        were excited to get to invite more Alaskan kids to see THEIR mansion, not ours.



        So as to not disappoint the team, but to not get me, my administration or Erika in
        trouble, no food will be served unless the team brings it themselves... sounds like the
        controversy was also over "the State can't pay for the food since there isn't an in-house
        chef anymore"... So no food.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0004780
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Add to the solutions' list Mike, Erika; etc so we can Conclude this issue before it gets
        even uglier.



        Again, I am heartsick that anyone perceived this a negative thing.

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                      2



                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0004781
