Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH]
        Sent:                     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 10:49 AM
        To:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
        Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'Frank Bailey; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
        Subject:                  RE: Ramras


        I had two conversations with Ramras.




        The first occurred after his appearance on the radio. I called to give him a hard time--
        that apparently he blows smoke when he talks to me and turns around and disparages me when
        he's talking to his buddies in the business community. I had to cut the conversation
        short, but said I would be calling him over the weekend about the special session.



        The second call occurred on Monday before the press conference. It was a verrry long
        conversation where he vented on a number of fronts. The first was about your use of the
        word corruption when speaking about PPT. His feeling, and the feeling of many of his
        colleagues (according to him-but somewhat verified by the calls I made to the other house
        majority members), is that all legislators are under the gun and assumed guilty by the
        public.  He probably spent 20 minutes going on and on about this.



       The second issue he is upset about revolves around the ethics bill. He feels snubbed by
       the way the bill signing was handled. After making an accommodation for you to come
       introduce the omnibus bill in his Judiciary Committee, he feels like he deserves a little
       gratitude for the slings and arrows he took--particularly because all his bills died in
       the Senate as a consequence. At the signing ceremony in July, you thanked "Hollis French
       and all the other legislators" who helped make the bill happen. The fact that he is
       holding on to those particular words two months later suggests to me that he has taken
       this very, very personally.



       Between those two issues, he is convinced that the public thinks you are against all
       Republicans and out to help Hollis French and the Democrats--that somehow they are the
       only "pure" politicians.   He is adamant that the way you talk about the corruption issue
       does nothing to provide cover for those in the majority who are not corrupt. With that,
       he is turning to the PPT issue and suggesting that the dynamic you have set up is for
       legislators to follow your lead--otherwise they are corrupt. He is not willing to follow
       your lead; he believes that he in particular worked hard to change the PPT from the
       Murkowski version and that he, nor most of his colleagues, were corrupted on the vote; he
       also believes changing taxes this often is bad policy; he thinks this is all political
       opportunity rather than focused policy.



       The bottom line is, he feels threatened politically and that he needs to go on the
       offensive to voice why he is going to be a "no" vote. Otherwise, it's his sense that
       being a quiet "no" is going to be taken as an indication that he is corrupt. Therefore,
       he has to explain loudly why he opposes you on this subject.




       I have to say that, based on the conversations I had with House Majority members ahead of
       the press conference, he is not alone. There is a real need for you to continue
       expressing appreciation for the honest and deliberate members of the legislature. Some of
       them arrived at the 20% tax rate for valid reasons. Some of them, obviously, arrived at
                                                             1



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0004786
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        20% for other reasons--some corrupt.  Differentiating between the two is important--and
        likely to be the subject of another op-ed in the communications plan for ACES.



        I hope this provides some insight into Ramras ' behavior . Halcro ' s is just the
        manifestation of a spoiled brat who is a sore loser --who wants to run for Congress and
        join his friend , Lisa Murkowski , in the US Senate.



        Joe



        -----Original Message-----

        From : gov.sarah @yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

        Sent : Wednesday ,   September 12, 2007 9:10 AM

        To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);          Balash ,   Joseph R (GOV)

        Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Irwin,               Tom E (DNR)

        Subject: Ramras



        I dont know how your conversations went with Ramras, Joe and Tibs... but AH was on another
        tear this morning using the conversation(s) against us. Maybe Ramras misconstrued the
        content of your conversation ( s) and passed it on to AH? Or was there more to the Ramras
        call that I must be missing?



       Also , someone told AH that Tom Irwin directed someone to spend four hours transcribing the
       radio rampage of Ramras '  .. he was gleeful about that on the radio this morning ... but he
       wasn't being truthful.



       What am I missing here with your convo ' s with Ramras?

       Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                2



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0004787
