Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:     Nizich , Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
                Sent:    Wednesday , September 12, 2007 2:14 PM
                To:      govv..s rah@yahoo.com; Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A

                Subject: RE: Climate Train is Leaving

              I had Cora give a run down on what is happening with the Climate Change sub-
              cabinet. See below.


              I just spoke with Larry and got a little more information on a few topics.
              The administrative order creating the climate change sub-cabinet is ready for the Governor's signature.
              She will likely be signing it Friday when she is in town. It may be appropriate to issue a press release.
              The climate change sub-cabinet is meeting in Fairbanks in early October. It is likely that at that meeting
              they will recommend that representatives from DEC be appointed observers to the Western Region
              Climate Initiative. Mike Tibbles already has a draft letter to that effect. As observers, we can
              participate in the process, but aren't necessarily agreeing to the goals they have adopted. Again, when
              this is finalized, we could issue a press release.
              It appears that most of the suggested actions are already in the works.

             From: Crome, Cora ] (GOV)
             Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 11:18 AM
             To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: Climate Change

             The administration has been fairly active on climate change , although groups highly focused on the issue might
             desire even more action or might be unaware of some of our efforts.
                 · The Governor created the climate change sub-cabinet , which has been meeting regularly and coordinating
                   between departments , the Governor's office , and the university on the issue. The sub-cabinet received a
                   fair amount of press coverage when it was first created despite the lack of a formal announcement. If we
                   were to finalize the administrative order creating the sub -cabinet, that might be an opportunity for a press
                   release to again draw attention to these efforts . The sub- cabinet has been working with communities,
                   national groups , the legislative commission , and the congressional delegation to address topics such as
                   effects on fisheries, erosion in coastal communities, federal legislation, and carbon emissions.
                 · At some point, federal funding may be available to help states adapt and cope with the effects of climate
                    change. Our D. C. office is already working closely with our congressional delegation on legislation. At this
                    point it isn't clear whether such legislation will be passed or what form it may take , but our office is working
                    to ensure that Alaska benefits from any such legislation.
                 · We have not yet spoken publicly on HB152 , the renewable energy fund. This is largely due to uncertainty
                    about the funding source. Although the concept is one that we would likely support , it is important to verify
                    that the funding source . Options, including the possible use of remaining railbelt energy funds , are being
                    explored . Once a concrete proposal for funding has been advanced , we will be in a position to determine
                    and announce our support for the fund.
                · The benefits of the gas pipeline to both the state and the nation have been a major focus of
                    communications from this office. It is possible that a specific tie to climate change could be further
                   emphasized in the future.
                · The Western Region Climate Initiative is a relatively new group , formed in February of this year . Currently
                   6 states and 2 Canadian provinces have joined , while another 4 states and 3 provinces are observers. The
                   climate change sub-cabinet has been discussing what the appropriate level of involvement for Alaska in
                   this and other such initiatives might be.
                · We are also coordinating with the Arctic Research Commission to identify opportunities for state



             8/25/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0004806
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                     involvement in research and policy matters in the Arctic as changing conditions draw increased global
                    attention to this area.
             I can follow up with Lany about progress and future plans for the climate change sub-cabinet and provide more
             information after I have the opportunity to talk with him.



             -----Original Message-----
             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent: Wednesday, September 12, 2007 7:20 AM
             To: Leschper, Mary C (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);
             Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: Fw: Climate Train is Leaving



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

             -----Original Message-----
             From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

             Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2007 23:54:58
             To:Palin Sarah' <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             Subject: FW: Climate Train is Leaving



             Governor,  I thought a lot about whether I should pass this on but decided you
             would want to see what the conservation side is thinking. I don't agree with all
             the comments but a lot matches our thoughts and I respect Kate. Tom




             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0004807
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Erika: This is ridiculous                                                                                       Page 1 of 3



               Unknown

               From:      Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=EFAGERSTROM]
               Sent:     Wednesday, September 12, 2007 10:59 PM
               To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Subject: RE: Erika: This is ridiculous

             I'm sorry that this became such a big issue ; no need to apologize for being sarcastic- sarcasm always help me
             process through things! We are on the same page , so we'll get these boys fed with stuff at the House ! It's crazy
             how doing something nice for a high school team can turn into something else. Yikesl,

             I am just a bit confused about the funding part; but I never sit in on any budget meetings and certainly not this
             one. When I initially called Linda about the pizza her response was (paraphrased) if the Governor wants to have
             the football team over for pizza- of course we would pay for it- just like any other a vent that the Governor hosts-
              then we moved on to figure out the best form of pymt. for Domino's/Bullwinkles. I was surprised when I got your
              first email, so I called her and asked why it was now a problem to host the team; she told me again that the state
             could pay for the pizza and it wasn 't a problem. I didn't go into any details about your email; but wanted to know
             what had changed. We've only had one reception catered so far (Baranof paid by Cap.CityRep.Wom.) and DOA
             will be number two (Doc Waters); so to have Domino's cater the third event shouldn't be an issue.

             I definitely will increase my prayer time for you !! I appreciate your mom's heart towards these boys and your
             willingness to open up your home to them . If someone is going to criticize you for that- then that's an honorable
             thing to be criticized for. It will mean alot to these kids to see the House and have a bite to eat after the game!

             I pray that you will continue to move forward in God 's wisdom and peace as you handle these types of issues.
             Venting is healthy , so feel free to anytime!!


             Erika




            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov. sarah@yahoo.com]
            Sent: Wed 9/12/2007 8:57 PM
            To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)
            Subject: Erika: This is ridiculous

            Sony, really, to be sarcastic about this Erika! But I had an hour-long conversation about this with Mike, after he spoke with
            Linda Perez and Karen Rehfeld, and the only thing productive that came out of that discussion was the acknowledgement that
            Juneau folks are watching very closely everything I and my family does. Mike says that includes things like $ spent at the
            mansion.

            I love kids, sports, teams, etc and they are the people whom i WANT to host and be hospitable towards, versus some of those
            stuffy receptions I'm expected to host - and today Pm told that since I let the chef go that we can't offer to host a team???
            This was the most frustrating issue I've faced in a long time because it's hyprocritical and nonsensicle . It was ok for
            Murkowski to wine and dine Bill Allen and members of the Corrupt Bastards Club, but I'm going to get hassled over how
            many old boxes of brownie mixes we use to serve a flippin' high school football team?



             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0004808
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Erika: This is ridiculous                                                                                              Page 2 of 3



             I know we're on the same page on this one, but others in the capitol are not . Thanks for letting me vent . I DO appreciate you!
             Sent from my BlackBeny® device from Cellular One

             --Original Message---
             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

             Date: Thu, 13 Sep 2007 04:34:37
             To:"Erika Fagerstrom " <erika.fagerstrom@alaska. gov>,"Michael A Tibbles " <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Kristina Y Perry"
             <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
             Subject: Re: This is ridiculous


             These are good ideas . Just use what we have in the house , I'll go purchase stuff that's not already in the house if I have to, or
             I'll bring brownie mixes from home in Wasilla if I find the time to gather stuff up - and then the state won't have to spend
             anything to host these Alaskan kids so they can eat their brownies at the mansion, legally. And then from hence forth I'll
             remember that it's "an issue" to feed visitors . This should apply to ALL the visitors, too, though - right? Staff, legislators,
             Juneau community members, people outside my immediate family , etc who visit the mansion and previously would have
             been offered something to eat?

             I don't want to sound sarcastic about this, and it's not your fault and I appreciate you seeking solutions here - but I've seen
             what the state spends in our $8 billion budget, and I'm doing all I can to save money out of the Governor 's and Mansion's
             budgets... so its impossible for me to swallow that this became an issue.

             I never thought accepting a team's request to visit their mansion would have turned into an all-afternoon controversy.

             Please don't purchase any food, flowers, decorations, bedding, etc for the house for my family . We're going to be under an
             unfair microscope and the kids and I will make do on our own with this food issue (it's evidently become an issue since we
             chose to save money by doing without a chef) until someone can put it writing for me what is legal, what is not legal to eat.

             Make sure when you invite the Juneau team (and all future teams, classrooms, rotary clubs, NEA groups, legislators, etc) that
             food won't be served until we get the "go ahead" from whomever makes these decisions for me . Don't want to do anything
             wrong here....

             The only request I have still is for a kitchen table upstairs so we don't have to eat meals sitting on the beds or couch. I'll
             purchase a cheap one when I get to Juneau , as that would be cheaper than buying a cheap one here and shipping it.
             Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One

             ----Original Message----
             From : "Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)" <erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov>

             Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 20:16:52
             To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska .gov>,"Peny, Kristina Y (GOV)"
             <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
             Subject: Re: This is ridiculous


             Governor,

             Sony I was rushing out the door for K's Open House..

              I'd be willing to use up stuff (3 jars of sauce & pkg. of noodles, etc) that we have at the House and just buy some extra spagh.
             sauce and noodles at Costco and do a low budget dinner for Colony. I'd donate the sauce and noodles if we just wanted to
             stay away from adding extra costs ; might be able to get a donated container of a drink from McDonalds ...and use up leftover
             reception food and we have a box of mic. popcorn plus brownies.

             I really don't want to try to push anything on you, just ideas.

             Erika




             8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0004809
    Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Erika: This is ridiculous                                                                                            Page 3 of 3



                  ----- Original Message ---
                  From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                  To: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
                  Sent: Wed Sep 12 16 :41:32 2007
                  Subject: This is ridiculous
Z
                  Erika - huge issues seem to have erupted on the visiting football team on Friday . This "controversy" stems from the
                 perception that I'd be favoring a visiting team from the Valley over the local Juneau team , and that "parents are sensitive to
                 this, they may write letters to the editor", etc.

                  What a crock.

                  We've hosted so many groups, classrooms , teams, etc in the mansion and/or the Juneau office and no one has said boo about
                 it.

                  There's questions about who'd pay for what (food-wise) if the visiting team came over . It's obvious the question is being
                 asked because this is a visiting team, and not Juneau (tho I was anxious to have the Juneau visit too). I am sickened by this
                 controversy-

                 A budget meeting where Perez and Rehfeld brought this up ? These type of issues , obviously, were never dealt with by
                 Knowles and Murkowski - I am sickened by this and Erika and I were excited to get to invite more Alaskan kids to see
                 THEIR mansion , not our's.

                  So as to not disappoint the team, but to not get me , my administration or Erika in trouble, no food will be served unless the
                 team brings it themselves... sounds like the controversy was also over "the State can't pay for the food since there isn't an in-
                 house chef anymore"... So no food.

                 Add to the solutions' list Mike, Erika, etc so we can conclude this issue before it gets even uglier.

                 Again, I am heartsick that anyone perceived this a negative thing.
                 Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                 8/25/2009
                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP0I_0004810
