Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
          Sent :                    Thursday, September 13, 2007 6:22 PM
          To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
          Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: MM action items and updates


          Thanks Kris.   One additional action that arose was lack of any status on MM or place for
          bud inquiries.   Spoke with Tina Otty this morning and she said she'd get on having some
          info on the sale posted.

          F




          ----- Original Message -----

          From :   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          To: ExternalEmailgsp

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

          Sent : Thu Sep 13 18:17:25 2007

          Subject : MM action items and updates




         In follow-up to the meetings with Joe Austerman and Kristan this week:




         Action items that are works in progress:



         --changing processing days to 5 days a week M-F immediately (reduces labor costs)



         --working on changing so that Mat Maid drivers drive the Anchorage /Valley routes ( reduces
         costs by using our own people which is cheaper than Carlyle)



         --getting a merchandiser for the Mat Valley stores ( increases our sales when we have our
         coolers stocked all the time)



         --contacting corrections and/or other state agencies to increase our sales



         --discontinuing Ralph 's services


                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0004826
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           --selling what rolling stock and equipment we don't need ( i.e. 37 trailers)




           Kristan has contacted Fred Meyer / Kroger for the West Coast regarding the possibility of
           processing / bottling their milk now at our plant , helping to keep the prices of MM milk
           down in their stores , helping us merchandise in their stores ( even though they don't have
           to), and the invitation to bid on MM .   She also spoke to Greg Spark in Seattle w/Carrs
           Safeway and was able to secure an in-store price reduction.




          Kristan and I are both working with Joe to make sure these action items are completed in a
          rapid manner and that other solutions continue to be sought .  Frank has also offered to
          assist in whatever capacity is needed ( he has already provided some good ideas that we'll
          be following up on ). We have a draft op-ed and Kristan is making some final touches on
          it.




          I'll update more as additional information / status updates become available.               Financials
          are expected in about a week or so.




          Kris




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0004827
