Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2



                Printing, GOV (GOV sponsored)

                From :   Kate Troll [kate@akvoice.org]
                Sent:    Tuesday, September 11, 2007 6:19 PM
                To:      Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Tom_Irwin@state.ak.us
                Subject: Climate Train is Leaving

              Tom
              I am writing you because we have had several conversations about how climate change affords the
              Governor with a prime opportunity to shine on a national stage and restore some of Alaska 's tarnished
              image. But right now we appear only to be playing the role of the poster child for impacts or as some
              say, the role of the victim . Yesterday again we played the role as the Anchorage Daily News reported,
              "Alaska polar bears called doomed ". It is clear that our polar bears are serving as the national icon for
              the climate change challenge . Yet, the stories about stepping up for action on climate change come
              from elsewhere . Most recently it was the Republican Governor of Idaho . "Where is Alaska?" is the
              question that rises to the top. This is Alaska 's number one social , cultural, economic and
              environmental issue . Yet we are not part of the solution dialogue . From where I sit - connected to what
              going on in DC and other states - the train is leaving the station and Alaska doesn 't appear to be on it.
              The climate change subcabinet is a good start but the state needs to act more boldly and publicly to
              take action on climate change . And it's economically and politically safe to do so. Here is my take on
              why and how the Governor can take a center stage on this issue:


                  · Alaska 's natural gas is the transition fuel to a clean energy economy not only for us in Alaska but
                    for the nation. As I've explained before the gasline is part of the national equation on how we
                    address climate change i . e. AIGA is Alaska 's gift to America . Clean Alaska gas replaces dirty US
                    coal plants.
                  · Use this energy card as the Governor's venue for playing nationally . Have Governor
                    Schwarzenegger come up and help set this stage ; calling upon major energy companies to
                    submit bids on AIGA as part of their corporate responsibility to address climate change. My
                    sources say he is willing to come but will only do at the invitation of Governor Palin.
                  · A poll of Alaskans in August of 2006 revealed that over 80 percent are convinced global climate
                     change is happening ; over 70 percent are convinced that global climate change is a serious
                     threat to the people and environment of Alaska ; and over 80 percent favor regulating greenhouse
                     gas emissions from power plants.
                  · Recognizing that many Alaska villages and rural residents are on the frontline of feeling the
                     impacts , 150 Alaska Native groups including Native Corporations , tribal governments and AFN
                     have passed resolutions calling for action . The eroding villages are constantly being highlighted
                     in news sources and documentaries but so far no has stepped in to help move their
                     communities.
                  · The Mayors of Anchorage , Juneau , North Pole, Kodiak , Shishmaref and Homer are all on record
                    opposing climate change and are taking action to curb carbon emissions in their communities.
                 · Federal funds targeted to go to states to help them adapt and cope with the impacts of global
                    warming could be tied to a state 's level of activity to reduce emissions within their boundaries.
                    Particularly now with the shifting political landscape , Alaska needs to position itself positively to
                    receive mega federal funding.
                 · 26 states are completing climate action plans , with 14 states having greenhouse gas reductions
                    targets. Many states found that policies that address climate change were not a burden on
                    commerce but rather presented economic opportunities. Some states are using action on climate
                    change to position themselves in new markets related to climate action : producing and selling
                    alternative fuels , attracting high-tech business and selling carbon reduction credits.
                 · With our vast and abundant renewable energy sources from wind , geothermal , hydro and tidal we


             7/14/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0004816
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


                     could be a national and international leader on providing clean energy but we need to invest in
                     research and development ; position ourselves to become part of the hydrogen fuel solution.
                     Funding HB 152 is a good start but we can do so much more and other states and provinces are
                     way ahead of us.

               There are four things she can do right now to show leadership , 1) invite Governor Schwarzenegger up
               to Alaska and use this opportunity to announce how Alaska 's natural gas and in particular the gasline is
               part of the national solution 2 ) announce the climate sub -cabinet and dedicate a person in the
               Governor' s office to be a climate change coordinator.... the Governor's office needs to be engaged for
               the sake of designing and driving the bigger energy stage, 3) indicate an intent to support and fund HB
               152, 4) announce that Alaska will join the Western Region Climate Initiative as an observer with an eye
               to participating once all the dynamics are understood.

              Tom, speaking candidly with you, climate change is the NUMBER ONE concern or issue for the
              conservation community . I know that we may not come to agreement on all the other development
              proposals out there , but it is my sense that TIMELY action (not Johnny-come lately action) by the
              Governor will hold in good stead regardless of the other issues . I want her to succeed as Governor.
              From where I sit, strong action now on one ' s of the greatest challenges facing Alaska is key to her
              success. I've had this conversation with Martha Levensaler and know she concurs.

              Please know that we stand ready to assist in whatever we can.
              Yours in putting Alaska First
              Kate


              Kate Troll , Executive Director
              Alaska Conservation Alliance
              Alaska Conservation Voters
              810 N Street , Suite 203
              Anchorage, AK 99501
              907-258-6174



              Kate Troll , Executive Director
              Alaska Conservation Alliance
              Alaska Conservation Voters
              810 N Street, Suite 203
              Anchorage, AK 99501
              907-258-6174




               7/14/2009
                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0004817
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Recent Events                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Thursday, September 13, 2007 10:14 AM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Deadline Approaching To Promote Your Business




               From: World Trade Center Alaska [mailto:info@wtcak.org]
               Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2007 10:12 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Deadline Approaching To Promote Your Business




                  FW




                                                      Deadline Fast Approaching .......


                                Promote Your Business and Support World Trade Center Alask:


                 13 September 2007

                 Dear WTCAK Members and Friends of the Center:

                The Fall season has arrived . It's a busy time here at the Trade Center as we work with mer
                pursue international business opportunities and prepare for a number of major trade event
                year.




                As you know . 2007 Is a special year for World Trade Center Alaska (WTCAK). We
                in 1987, thus 2007 is our 20th Anniversary Year. During the past two decades we have bee
                Alaskan companies grow their businesses through international trade. We've helped Alaski
                new markets such as the Russian Far East and, more recently, China, Singapore and India
                trade missions, conferences, seminars, monthly luncheons, publications and one-on-one a;



               11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0004818
    Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                   Recent Events                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2



                     Trade Center has worked with its members and community partners to help build a strong international
                     trade economy that saw overseas exports reach a record $4 billion last year.

                     In recognition of our 20th Anniversary , Alaska Business Monthly magazine is including a
                     special section focused on WTCAK in their upcoming , November 2007 edition . The November
                     issue is one of the magazine's most popular editions. Each year, this issue highlights Alaska's mining
                     sector. Many people not only read the issue, but also keep it handy to refer back to in the future.


3




                     The section provides an opportunity for you to promote your business and, at the same time,
                     support the mission and activities of your Trade Center . The magazine is offering discounts for
                     advertisers who place ads in connection with the special section on World Trade Center Alaska. I hope
                     you will take advantage of these discounted rates. The special section will include several articles about
                     WTCAK and Alaska's role in the global economy. This is an excellent opportunity to deliver your
                     company's or organization's message to private and public sector leaders across the state.

                     If you would like to reserve your ad space today, please contact Mary Beth Carr at ABM on
                     276-4373 . The space reservation deadline is 20 September 2007.

                     Thank you , as always, for your interest and participation in WTCAK . We would greatly appreciate
                     your support of this special section in Alaska Business Monthly.


                     Best Regards,


                     Greg Wolf
                     Executive Director




                                Forward email

                                                                                                                   Email Marketing by
                                ® SafeUnsubscribe®
                                This email was sent to governor@gov . state. ak.us , by infoewtcak.ora
                                Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe" I Privacy Policy.
                                                      ,                                                             ^OI
                                                                                                                     OIiS^i[^Oflr?cil*^
                                                                                                                     TRY IT FREE


                                World Trade Center Alaska 1 431 W 7th Avenue , Suite 108 I Anchorage I AK 199501




                   11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0004819
    Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                  Re: Climate Train is Leaving                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


                   Unknown

                   From :     Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LLHARTIG]
                   Sent:      Thursday, September 13, 2007 6:58 AM
                   To:        gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
                   Cc:        Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV);
                              Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Leschper; Beth (GOV)
                  Subject : RE: Climate Train is Leaving
                  Governor,

                  I will work with Tom and Bruce today to get these points incorporated into the AO for your review and
                  signature tomorrow.

                  I will also get a summary to everyone today of the work the sub-cabinet and DEC have been doing on
                  Climate Change issues.

                  I am in Seattle today at an oil spill prevention task force meeting (Clean Pacific Conference) but will be
                  available to work on the AO and any materials needed for its announcement tomorrow.

                  Thanks,
                  Lary


                  From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mallto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                  Sent: Wed 9/12/2007 10:51 PM
                  To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Hartig, Lawrence L (DEC)
                  Cc: Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Crome, Cora J (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV);
                  Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Leschper, Beth (GOV)
                  Subject: Re: Climate Train is Leaving

                  Thanks!
                  Sent from my BlackBery® device from Cellular One

4                 -----Original Message-----
                  From : "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom .irwin@alaska.gov>

                  Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 22:51:39
                  To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Tom Irwin <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,Lawrence L Hartig <larry.hartig@alaska.gov>
                  Cc:"Bruce F (DNR) Anders" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>,Cora Crome <cora.crome@alaska.gov>,Sharon W
                  Leighow <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>,Michael A Nizich <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>,Michael A Tibbles
                  <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,Kristina Y Perry <kris.perry@alaska.gov>, Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>,Beth
                  Leschper <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>
                  Subject: RE: Climate Train is Leaving


                  I will work with Bruce first thing in the morning to get a draft paragraph that can be evaluated for inclusion in the
                  AO signing.

                  -----Original Message-----
                  From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                  To: "Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>; "Lawrence L Hartig" <larry.hartig@alaska.gov>
                  Cc: "Bruce F (DNR) Anders" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>; "Cora Crome" <cora.crome@alaska.gov>; "Sharon W
                  Leighow" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; "Michael A Nizich" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; "Michael A Tibbles"
                  <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>; "Kristina Y Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>; "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>;
                  "Beth Leschper" <beth.leschper@alaska.gov>




                  11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0004820
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Re: Climate Train is Leaving                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


              Sent: 9/12/07 9:58 PM
              Subject: Re: Climate Train is Leaving

              Tom: I probably won't have time tonight to get those points made in our messaging for tomorrow, so im going to cc others
              who may be putting something together for tomorrow's AO signing.
              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

              -----Original Message-----
              From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

              Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2007 21:56:29
              To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com, Lawrence L Hartig <larry.hartig@alaska.gov>
              Cc:Anders Bruce <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>
              Subject: RE: Climate Train is Leaving


              Governor, lPrivileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0004821
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               September: uschamber.com Monthly                                                                         Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governorc@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Thursday, September 13, 2007 1:37 PM
               To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: uschamber.corn Monthly: Pants Lawsuit Fundraiser Held



              From ; membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
              Sent: Thursday, September 13, 2007 1:27 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: uschamber.com Monthly: Pants Lawsuit Fundralser Held

                September 2007



                                                FIGHTING FOR YOUR BUSINESS-
                                                                                             AFeatured Benefit
                                                                                                         Think Yellow:
                Pants Lawsuit Fundraiser Held                                                      Save 56 % on LTL Shii

                U.S. Chamber Rallies Behind Small Business
                                                                                                 At Yellow, we do much m<
                                                                                                 ship goods. We deliver pr(
               The U.S. Chamber' s Institute for
                                                                                                 to market. We deliver less
               Legal Reform (ILR) and the American
                                                                                                 truckload solutions. We m
               Tort Reform Association (ATRA)
                                                                                                 specific transportation nee
               hosted a fundraiser for a mom-and-
                                                                                                 matter what they are. The
               pop dry cleaner engulfed in a two-
                                                                                                 partnership. And that's a I
               year fight against a $54 million
                                                                                                 competitive advantage in
               lawsuit over a missing pair of pants.
                                                                                                 world. To start saving witt
               The event raised more than $70,000
                                                                                                 Yellow, call 800-293-0414
               to cover the legal costs of the
                                                                                                 visit: myyellow.com/usch<
               targeted business owners and helped
               underscore the need for
               commonsense legal reform.                                                         Benefits Guide

               Read more.


                I Featured Articles


               Chamber Outlines Long -Term Agenda
               The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, on the occasion of President and CEO Tom
               Donohue's 10th anniversary as head of the organization, Is charting a         0
               multiyear agenda to enhance America's competitiveness.
               Read more.                                                                      Announcement
                                                                                                     Time Is Running 0
               Chamber Applauds Education Bill                                                 The 2007 Employee Benel
               As classrooms open for the start of the new school year, there is good news     Study is underway and we
               for students and their future employers: More federal dollars are going to      your help. The study has I
               math and science education, which Is essential to meeting the needs of          a powerful tool to help yoi
               America's economy and its employers.                                            evaluate your company's I
               Read more.                                                                      package; benchmark your
                                                                                               company's benefits packa.
               Become an Employer of Choice                                                    against others by compan
               The costs associated with the turnover of hourly wage and frontline             region, and industry; and
               employees such as medical assistants, food workers, and cashiers can be         the costs of providing ben
               high. In the hospitality industry, turnover costs are between $3,000 and        Please fill out the survey e



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                       P RA_GS P01 _0004822
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              September : uschamber .com Monthly                                                                                                  Page 2 of 3


                $ 13,000 per departed worker.                                                                          return It to the address provided
                Read more.                                                                                             to receive your free copy of the
                                                                                                                       publication ($ 125 value).
                Beware of Defective Imports
                Imagine you're a small retail tire business that purchases tires from a
                manufacturer overseas. One of your customers buys what turns out to be a
                defective tire from your store, Are you at fault, even though you didn't make
                or alter the tire? The answer could be yes.
                Read more.

                  Also in This Issue                                                                               ,Tech Tools
                                                                                                                       'Green ' Technology Has
                   · U.S. Chamber Busts Education Myths                                                                Arrived

                                                                                                                       If you haven' t been paying
                   · Hiring Veterans                                                                                   attention to energy efficiency as
                                                                                                                       it relates to business or have
                   · U.S. Chamber Sponsors Family Day                                                                  been focused on the up-front
                                                                                                                       costs of deploying the available
                                                                                                                       solutions, you're missing an
                   · Chamber Gears Up For Congress' Return                                                             opportunity to save money.

                   · Small Business Hiring, Salaries Rise                                                             "Green " is a term used to
                                                                                                                      describe products and solutions
                                                                                                                      designed to reduce energy use,
                   · Chamber Challenges Immigration Laws
                                                                                                                      minimize the use of, or impact
                                                                                                                      on, natural resources , or both.
                   · Best States for Doing Business                                                                   Is going green good for your
                                                                                                                      business? With energy prices
                                                                                                                      soaring ever higher, more and
                   · Fed Chair to Speak At Workforce Summit
                                                                                                                      more businesses are finding that
                                                                                                                      the answer Is undeniably yes.
                   · Guest Column: Cross-Generational Management
                                                                                                                       Read more.
                   · Newsmaker : Ready for Takeoff

                   · ECON 101: Slow or No Growth Ahead                                                            0

                   · Small Business Matters: Politics--It's Your Business

                   · Success Insight : Banking on Bartering

                   · Guest Opinion: It's Time to Act on Climate Change

                  · In Your Corner: Reflecting on a Decade of Service

                  · In Your Backyard: Business news from around the country

                                              uschamber .com Monthly I Editor in Chief: Gregory S. Gaidabini
                               Your member number is : 5301555 1 You are subscribed as: governor@gov.state.ak.us

                                                           Log in I Receive as plain text I Unsubscribe


                    You received this message because you are a member of the Federation Membership Program, which has partnered with the U.S.
                    Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members -only access to our online Small Business Center,
                    as well as other periodic communications. If you do not wish to receive U . S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to
                    this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject line, or click here. To simply change your e -mail preferences or Small Business Center
                    password , please update your profile on your Subcription Management Page . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure
                    that you are properly removed . For more information about U . S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line
                    at 1-80 0-638-6582.




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0004823
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              September: uschamber.com Monthly                                                         Page 3 of 3




              11/10/2009
                                                                                                       P RAGS P01 _0004824
