Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah©yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, September 13, 2007 6:34 AM
         To:                       Katz; John W (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Easton; Dan (DEC); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC);
                                   Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
         Cc:                       Persily; Larry A (GOV); Bishop; Samuel T (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: Climate Change/Federal Legislation


        Thanks John. We'll hustle on getting more word out re: the state's committment to
        addressing the issue via our subcabinet and other means. Some in the public are asking
        what we're doing on that front.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

        From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>




        Date : Thu, 13 Sep 2007 08:12:14

        To:"Tom Irwin" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Dan Easton" <Dan_Easton@dec.state.ak.us>,"Larry
        Hartig" <larry_hartig@dec.state.ak.us>,"Denby Lloyd"
        <denby_lloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us>,"Cora Crome" <cora_crome@gov.state.ak.us>,"Mike
        Nizich" <mike_nizich@gov.state.ak.us>

        Cc:"Larry Persily" <lpersily@ALASKADC.org>,"Sam Bishop" <sbishop@ALASKADC.org>,"Michael
        Tibbles" <michael_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>,"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: Climate Change/Federal Legislation




        The report below prepared by a private law firm provides a good summary of the pending
        climate change legislation and the future outlook.  Lots more to come.




        Congress Prepares to Debate Climate Change Legislation This Fall

        Print PDF <http://www.vnf.com/attachment.html/283/vnf_alert_ClimateChange2.pdf> Kyle
        Danish, Douglas Smith, Thomas Roberts

        September 12, 2007



        As members of Congress return from their August recess and begin working on a packed
        agenda, climate change is one of the issues expected to receive continued attention. The
        committees of jurisdiction in both the Senate and the House will focus on climate change
        legislation, and the leaders of those committees have emphasized their interest in having
        climate bills considered on the floor of each chamber by the end of the year. Such a
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0004851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         timetable, however, could be more ambitious than realistic. This issue alert highlights
         the key proposals - and the primary issues - that will be in play as Congress wrestles
         with climate change legislation this fall.

         Senate Climate Change Proposals : Bingaman / Specter and Lieberman /Warner



         The Chair of the Senate Committee on Environment & Public Works (EPW), Barbara Boxer (D-
         CA), has committed to hold a hearing in the near-term at which each of the Senate sponsors
         of climate change bills will have an opportunity to present their proposals. while there
         have been a number of bills introduced, the focus is likely to be on two leading
         proposals.

         One is the "Low Carbon Economy Act of 2007," which was introduced by Senators Jeff
         Bingaman ( D-NM), Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources , and Arlen
         Specter (R-PA) in July with endorsements from some major electric utilities and labor
         unions .   The second is a 16-page outline of a cap - and-trade proposal by Senators Joe
         Lieberman (I-CT) and John Warner (R-VA) that was released in August. They have been
         collecting input on the outline and intend to introduce a bill for consideration in the
         fall.    Chairman Boxer has said that the Lieberman/Warner bill, when ready, will be the
         primary vehicle in the EPW committee.

         Comparing the Bingaman / Specter and Lieberman /Warner proposals suggests areas of
         convergence on the design of cap-and-trade legislation, and also those key issues that
         have yet to be resolved.

         Emissions Targets.  The Bingaman/Specter bill and the Lieberman/Warner outline would both
         establish cap-and-trade programs to limit emissions beginning in 2012.  Bingaman /Specter
         calls for GHG reductions to 2006 levels by 2020. The Lieberman/Warner outline is somewhat
         more stringent, calling for a 10% reduction below 2005 levels by 2020. Both plans also
         envision consistent and steady emissions reductions through 2050.

         Points of Regulation.  The Bingaman/Specter bill would regulate carbon dioxide (C02)
         emissions from petroleum and natural gas consumption on an " upstream " basis, by regulating
         petroleum refiners and natural gas processors .   The bill would reach C02 emissions from
         coal consumption on a "downstream " basis , i.e., by regulating large . consumers of coal
         (primarily coal-fired electric power plants).

         The proposal by Senators Lieberman and Warner also would regulate petroleum on              an
         "upstream " basis . However , they otherwise would regulate large sources of C02            emissions
         on a "downstream " basis . Their program would require practically all electric             power
         plants to submit allowances .   It also would regulate industrial and commercial            facilities
         that emit 10,000 metric tons or more of C02-equivalent GHG emissions per year.

         Allowance Allocation and Auction Provisions. The distribution of allowances (i.e., rights
         to emit) will be a significant and controversial issue in the Congressional deliberations.
           Both the Lieberman/Warner and Bingaman/Specter proposals have detailed provisions on the
         distribution of allowances - with some portion allocated for free and some portion
         auctioned. Under both programs, approximately three-quarters of allowances would be.
         allocated at no cost in the first year and the remaining quarter would be auctioned.
         Under each proposal, the share of allowances auctioned would steadily increase over time
         while the percentage of free allocations would fall.

         The proposals have different approaches for allocating allowances to individual facilities
         within industry sectors. In particular , they vary in their approach to allocation within
         the electric power sector; unlike the Bingaman - Specter proposal , Senators Lieberman and
         Warner propose to allocate a portion of the sector ' s allowances to load-serving entities.
         Under each proposal , some allowances are also allocated to states and to create incentives
         for carbon capture and sequestration programs , for early reduction projects and for other
         initiatives .  Moreover, both programs call for auction proceeds to fund low - carbon
         technologies , relief for low-income households , and climate change adaptation measures.

        Cost-Containment Strategies . Another key - and unresolved - issue is what kinds of
        mechanisms a climate bill will include for containing compliance costs.

        The Bingaman/Specter bill includes a "safety valve " mechanism that allows regulated
                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0004852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         entities to pay a "technology accelerator payment" (TAP) in lieu of surrendering an
         allowance.  The TAP price would begin at $12 per metric ton of carbon dioxide-equivalent
         emissions and increase annually by 5% above the inflation rate. The TAP mechanism
         effectively would place an escalating ceiling on allowance prices.

         The Lieberman/Warner outline eschews the safety valve in favor of "softer" cost
         containment strategies.  The senators have proposed a Carbon Market Efficiency Board,
         modeled after the Federal Reserve, to oversee the allowances market. In "extreme economic
         circumstances," the Board could expand the quantity of available allowances, provided that
         the expansion is accompanied by a steeper reduction in the GHG cap in future years.
         Lieberman and Warner also have proposed that regulated entities have the ability to borrow
         a limited amount of allowances from their future allocations, subject to an interest rate.
           The Carbon Market Efficiency Board would have authority to set the interest rate and
         other terms for allowance borrowing.

         Offset and International Credit Provisions.   Both proposals would allow for the use of
         offset credits for emission reductions achieved by projects outside the scope of the
         emissions cap.  Bingaman /Specter would streamline approval procedures for certain types of
         projects and authorize the President to promulgate rules allowing a regulated entity to
         use allowances or credits from foreign programs to cover up to 10% of its annual allowance
         requirements.

         Senators Lieberman and Warner propose to limit the use of domestic offset credits to 15%
         of a regulated entity' s allowance requirements , but would have a slightly more generous
         limit for use of foreign credits than the Bingaman/Specter bill (15%).

         Credit for offset projects could be a significant issue in the climate debate. Some NGOs
         have argued that there should be no or only very limited credits for offset projects,
         citing concerns about the environmental integrity of the trading market.

         Measures to Address Impacts on Trade and Competitiveness.  A major emerging issue for
         climate legislation is how it addresses trade competitors that have not adopted comparable
         domestic caps on their GHG emissions. Both the Bingaman/Specter and Lieberman/Warner
         proposals embody the concept that the President may require importers of carbon-intensive
         goods from such countries to submit allowances in an amount sufficient to eliminate their
         economic advantage from not being subject to regulation.  This concept likely will be
         further debated and developed during deliberations in the fall.

         Outlook.  Chairman Boxer has emphasized her interest in moving a cap-and-trade bill
         through her Committee during this session of Congress. There are, however, a large number
         of very important policy design issues to be resolved. Already, a subcommittee markup
         planned for September has slipped to October.

         Furthermore, even a Committee-passed bill would need sufficient support from the full
         Senate (at least 60 votes) in order to overcome a likely filibuster. Given the
         considerable work needed to develop and build support for all the key elements of a
         comprehensive proposal, and the recent experience with the comparatively simple renewable
         portfolio standard, which appeared unable to attract 60 votes during the debate on energy
         legislation, it is difficult to imagine that a cap-and-trade bill could be passed by the
         Senate at this point in time. Nevertheless, while rapid passage seems unlikely,
         considerable behind- the-scenes efforts to refine climate legislation will continue.

         House Climate Change Proposals: Cap-and-Trade and Carbon Tax



        The principal architects of climate change legislation in the House will be Representative
        John Dingell (D-MI), Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce , and Representative
        Rick Boucher (D-VA), Chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Air Quality.
        Representative Boucher has set a goal of having a bill pass through his subcommittee and
        the full committee process this fall, and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)
        recently said she wants to see a vote by the entire House on climate legislation by the
        end of 2007. However, it seems increasingly likely that this timetable will slip.

        Little is known at this point about the bill that Representatives Boucher and Dingell are
        working on.  Representative Dingell has expressed his views that both a cap-and-trade
        program and a carbon tax will be necessary for the U.S. to meet realistic emission
                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004853
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        reduction goals .      However, only a cap-and -trade bill would be within the jurisdiction of
        his Committee.

        In developing cap-and-trade legislation , the Members of the Energy and Commerce Committee
        likely will grapple with many of the same design issues that are before the Senate EPW
        Committee . Rep. Boucher has indicated that his cap - and-trade bill will start with a
        modest cap and become increasingly stringent toward 2050.

        Efforts by the House Committee may be complicated by the fact that key Committee members
        will be representing the House in the House-Senate conference on energy legislation.
        Representative Boucher said recently that he believes the energy conference should be
        delayed until a cap-and-trade bill could be added, allowing for a consideration of a
        single energy-climate package during 2008.  Other Members, however, may resist further
        complicating the already complex and controversial energy bill deliberation.

        Another arena of activity will be the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and
        Global warming, chaired by Representative Ed Markey (D-MA). While lacking jurisdiction to
        legislate, the Select Committee will be a continued source of hearings and investigations
        on climate policy issues.




        Founded in 1977, Van Ness Feldman helps clients in a variety of industries achieve their
        business goals by designing and complying with the nation's energy and environmental laws.
        Many of the firm's more than 80 attorneys and public policy professionals served as chief
        legal counsel to key congressional committees and Members of Congress ; high-level
        officials in the Department of Energy, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the
        Environmental Protection Agency, The White House, and the Department of the Interior; or
        as high - ranking officers in major trade associations.

        Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
        <mailto: jwkatz@alaskadc . org> jwkatz@alaskadc .org. Thank you .




                                                           4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004854
