Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 4


                Unknown

                From :     George Matz [geomatz@alaska.net]
                Sent:      Thursday, September 13, 2007 6:59 PM
                To:        Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:        Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Hartig; Lawrence L (DEC); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Stevens; Gary L (LAA); Paul
                           Seaton ; cookinletalliance @lists.onenw.org
                Subject: Mine Permitting
                  J Text Box:                Cook Inlet Alliance
                                             P.O. Box 2421
                                             Homer, Alaska 99603
                                   The Cook Inlet Alliance is comprised of citizens dedicated to promoting the responsible use and managemer
                                   public resources impacted by mining and related industrialization.



            Governor Sarah Palin
            Office of the Governor
            550 West 7th Avenue, Suite 1700
            Anchorage, AK 99501

            September 13, 2007

            Dear Governor Palin:

            We want to discuss with you the adequacy of the State's large mine permitting process,
            particularly with respect to the proposed Pebble Project and its potential impact on Bristol Bay
            and Cook Inlet fish and wildlife populations and habitat. As you well know and appreciate, these
            are world class renewable resources that sustain the livelihood and enjoyment of many
            commercial, subsistence, and sport fishermen and related businesses. Our bottom-line concern
            is; can the State's permitting procedures assure us that these resources will be just as viable a
            century from now, when Pebble and perhaps other large mines have closed down, as they are
            today - after more than a century of commercial fishing?

            A mantra of Alaska's mining industry is that Alaska has a rigorous permitting process, implying
            that the public need not fear the occurrence of serious, long-term environmental problems like
            those that have poisoned the credibility of the mining industry elsewhere. Examples of this
            mantra are:

                      A recent Northern Dynasty mailing says, "Upholding Alaska's Strict Standards. The State
                      of Alaska has some of the most stringent environmental regulations and permitting
                      requirements in the world."
                      The Resource Development Council says, "Before construction could begin on the mine,
                      the project must first undergo rigorous review by state and federal agencies." (September
                      2005 newsletter).
                      DNR Commissioner Irwin stated in a July 3rd Media Release that, "Alaska has a world-
                      class system in place for natural resource use permitting and development."

            While these are reassuring statements on their face value , are they accurate? Can these



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSPOI_000486I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 4


             statements be verified via independent reference? We think that the integrity of these claims is
             indicative of the degree of honesty and technical credibility we can expect once Pebble permits are
             actually submitted and the review process formally begins.

             Our effort to find independent verification of the claims stated above has found nothing of support. In
             fact, we found contradictions. For example:

                 The Fraser Institute 2006/2007 Annual Survey of Mining Companies indicates that Alaska's
                 permitting system is viewed as favorable (i.e., not rigorous) by the mining industry. Alaska was
                 ranked 5th best among U.S. states in regards to environmental regulations not being a deterrent to
                 mining.

                 The Alaska Miners Association web site says, "although operations in Alaska were for many years
                 held to a higher standard than in other states, today the field is nearly level and in several states the
                 requirements are more stringent than in Alaska."

                 The Corps of Engineers permits for the Rock Creek and Kensington mines have been legally
                 challenged. Irrespective of the courts decision on these challenges, it is obvious that there are
                 grounds for believing that the permitting process may have taken shortcuts in order to facilitate
                 mine development. Also, the National Marine Fisheries Service raised several objections to the
                 recent Corps permit for the Port of Anchorage expansion stating that their analysis "understates the
                 value of the fish habitat." While these are federal permits, not state, the fact is that state and federal
                 agencies worked closely together on these projects and the state bears some complicity in any
                 permit shortcomings.

            Although Alaska's mine permitting process is not as lax as the laissez faire approach that still prevails in
            some countries, it may not be as stellar as some would like us to believe. While we agree that the
            combination of federal and state permits needed to develop a mine is topically comprehensive and
            usually requires extensive studies about baseline conditions, we don't think that this in itself amounts to
            a rigorous process.

            In fact, extensive studies can be motivated more by an effort to insulate a project from law suit than to
            decide how or if the project should proceed. For instance, a legally defensible federal EIS needs to
            include a complete and adequate assessment of the project. A state water permit (AS 46.15.080) says
            that "the commissioner shall consider ... the effect of fish and game resources and on public recreational
            opportunities." In both cases, the legal requirement is to merely be informed about environmental
            impacts, not to actually do anything about it.

            In our view, th e principal goal of a rigorous resource development permitting process should be
            protection from harm of other resources and resource users regardless of the impact this may have on the
            economic feasibility of a proposed project. The process should result in internalizing within the project
            any diseconomies that it might otherwise impose on others. If that jeopardizes project feasibility, then
            perhaps the project can not be afforded by its investors or the public and it is in the public interest to
            deny a permit. We think that this approach complies with the last five words of a sentence in our state
            constitution that many project advocates tend to leave out when quoting; "It is the policy of the State to
            encourage the settlement of its land and the development of its resources by making them available for
            maximum use consistent with the public interest."

            Given the disparity between what is claimed for the State's mine permitting process and what actually
            seems to be practiced, we think there needs to be an independent review of the process to verify its



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSPO 1_0004862
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 3 of 4


             strengths, weaknesses, and what improvements might be needed to assure that the mine permitting
             process is not just administratively efficient, but assures the protection of other natural resources and
             resource users. Accordingly, we ask that your office initiate a multi-agency review and that this be used
             to develop consensus with the public as to what is an adequate mine permitting process, particularly
             with respects to Pebble which would have a footprint that is much larger and more complex to analyze
             than other mines.

             We should mention that we discussed our request for a review with Commissioner Irwin during a recent
             teleconference with him. At that time our position also called for a suspension of permits until the
             review has been completed so that any changes might be less disruptive to the permit applicant.
             Commissioner Irwin disagreed with our position, although we don't know if he disagreed with just the
             suspension or also the need for a review. Anyhow, with due respect for his willingness to listen to our
             concerns about permitting, we have dropped the part asking for a suspension of permits since that may
             not be a practical recommendation.

             Your position on the Pebble issue is that the permitting process should play out before any decision is
             made. We respect that and feel that an independent review of the permitting process reinforces, rather
             than opposes, your position.

            Given the unique nature of the Pebble Project, we think it would have been timely for the Murkowski
            Administration to undertake a public permitting review as part of a scoping process (which will
            eventually be required for federal permits). Instead of reaching some sort of early consensus with the
            public as to how Pebble permitting should proceed, the Murkowski Administration instead imposed,
            permit changes that were arbitrary, lowered the bar in terms of protecting fish and wildlife habitat,
            reduced the opportunity for public participation, removed checks and balances that are fundamental to
            avoid having too much power in one place, and disrupted what had been a relatively stable and balanced
            permitting regime. The result is that many who are knowledgeable about the State's mine permitting
            process think the Murkowski Administration changes represents the public's interest about as well as his
            Petroleum Profits Tax. The review we recommend, perhaps combined with scoping meetings, could
            rectify that.

            We do not think that a review of the States mine permitting process needs to be an expensive or lengthy
            process. There are resources in the state that are familiar with the situation and can provide a
            professionally competent effort. However, we would not recommend using any of the consulting firms
            that have mining clients since this would put them in an obvious conflict between staying on good terms
            with their clients and providing objective, incisive analysis. We recommend using an academic
            institution like the University of Alaska. ISER in particular has consistently demonstrated both
            excellent skills and good objectivity.

            We look forward to helping you reach better agreement on what the Pebble mine permitting system
            should accomplish, particularly with respect to the extraordinary value of the regions fish and wildlife
            resources. If you are interested, we can provide you with some specific suggestions that a permitting
            review might want to consider.


            Sincerely,


            George Matz
            CIA Issues Coordinator



             11/10/20.09

                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0004863
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                        Page 4 of 4


            cc     DEC Commissioner Hartig
                   DF&G Commissioner Lloyd
                   DNR Commissioner Irwin
                   Senator Gary Stevens
                   Representative Paul Seaton
                   Cook Inlet Alliance list-serve




            11/10/2009
                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0004864
