Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From: Nizich , Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
               Sent : Friday, September 14, 2007 4:24 PM
               To:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)

             Governor and Mike,

             Here is an update on the west coast sea storm



             Fall Sea Storms
             A coastal flood warning remains in effect for the Chukchi Sea Coast (see coastal
             flood warning below). In a joint effort between the Northwest Arctic Borough and
             the village of Kivalina, approximately 230 Kivalina village residents voluntarily
             evacuated, with 132 people going to the Red Dog Mine and
             98 going to Kotzebue. This evacuation was a precaution against expected erosion
             and high waves caused by the current storm. As of this morning, no damage was
             reported to the community buildings or infrastructure in Kivalina, but the SECC
             received a report that the sea wall was damaged last night. Two representatives
             from DHS&EM flew into Kotzebue this morning. They met with the Borough officials
             and have since flown out to Kivalina to assess the imminent threat and any damages
             as a result of the wave action last night.
             DHS&EM Response section continues to monitor the storm situation and maintains
             close and regular contact with representatives of the Northwest Arctic Borough,
             Kivalina, Golovin, and Nome. The Response section is also in close contact with
             State of Alaska DOT, Department of Public Safety, and the National Weather Service.

            Coastal Flood Warning
            The National Weather Service has issued coastal flood warnings for the Chukchi Sea
            Coast including Point Hope, Shishmaref, Kivalina and Espenberg. The coastal flood
            warning remains in effect until 4 pm Friday between Cape Krusenstern and Cape
            Thompson.  South winds from 25 to 35 mph will continue over the northwest coast
            between cape Krusenstern and Cape Thompson this morning. The tide will crest along
            this part of the Alaska coast at later this morning and in the early afternoon. The
            rise in water level will be as much as
            4 feet above normal tides. The high tide and the heavy surf will cause coastal
            flooding until mid afternoon today.
            The coast at Kivalina will be affected. Other low lying areas between Cape
            Krusenstern and Cape Thompson will also be affected, including Red Dog Port.

            A coastal flood warning means that rising sea water that causes flooding is
            expected. Coastal residents in the warned area should be alert for rising water,
            and take actions to protect life and property. This storm will probably not be the
            only one of the season, so residents on the northwest coast should be prepared for
            more rough weather as the fall season progresses.




            8/24/2009
                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004886
