Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI ]
           Sent:                     Friday, September 14, 2007 12:30 PM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Cc:                       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                  Fw: Parnell asks for review of state voting machines


           Didn't know whether you saw this from the Peninsula Clarion, but am happy to get you a
           copy of my letter to Fran Ulmer. I know your office has fielded some letters or inquiries
           lately on our electronic voting systems. I felt like enlisting our university's help would
           provide that independent third party review. (Should take about 8 wks from when we reach
           agreement). I meet with Fran ulmer next week to discuss scope of work and cost of such a
           study (we have some federal HAVA-Help America Vote Act-funds we intend to use).

           Sean




           ----- Original Message -----

          From: Brewster, Whitney H (GOV)

          To: PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Pullins, Jay D (GOV)

          Sent: Fri Sep 14 12:16:36 2007

          Subject: FW: Parnell asks for review of state voting machines




          From: Brewster, Whitney H (GOV) [mailto:whitney.brewster@alaska.gov]

          Sent: Friday, September 14, 2007 11:43 AM

          To: ELECALL@GOV.state.ak.us

          Subject: Parnell asks for review of state voting machines




          Web posted Friday, September 14, 2007



          Parnell asks for review of state voting machines

                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0004879
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Flaws with the system?



           HAL SPENCE

           Peninsula Clarion



          Lt. Gov . Sean Parnell has asked the University of Alaska to conduct a review and recommend
          possible changes to the state ' s electronic voting system.



           The review comes in the wake of recent reports out of California documenting significant
           security flaws with three of seven voting systems there, including the Diebold touch
           screens and optical scanners used in Alaska and other states.



          In a letter to UAA Chancellor Fran Ulmer, a former lieutenant governor and overseer of the
          Division of Elections herself , Parnell said he had recently reviewed the University of
          California , Berkeley , study that led California Secretary of State Debra Bowen to withdraw
          approval for the equipment ' s use in California.



          Parnell told Ulmer that Bowen had listed several security measures that must be
          implemented in her state before approval could be restored . He said Alaska already meets
          or exceeds those measures and is considering additional security measures as well.



          "Nevertheless, as you can appreciate from your own experience as lieutenant governor, I
          and the Division ' s Director, Whitney Brewster , want to do everything in the state ' s power
          to ensure the reliability , accuracy and security of our voting systems, " Parnell told
          Ulmer.



          The university has not yet said it would conduct the review.



          Computer experts at the University of California and at Princeton University, in New
          Jersey, conducted California ' s evaluation , stating it their report that the Diebold system
          did not meet requirements for a security - critical system, and saying that it was built on
          "an inherently fragile design and suffers from implementation flaws that can expose the
          entire voting system to attacks."



          That could include an attack from " a single skilled individual with temporary access to a
          single voting machine ," the report found.



          An executive summary of the report said the system was vulnerable to malicious software,
          was susceptible to viruses , failed to protect ballot secrecy , and was also vulnerable to
          "malicious insiders " meaning it lacked adequate controls to ensure that county workers
          with certain accesses would not exceed their authority.



          "Anyone with access to a county ' s GEMS ( election management system ) server could tamper
          with ballot definitions or election results and could also introduce malicious software
                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0004880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           into the GEMS server itself or into the county ' s voting machines."



           The report also warned that fixing the Diebold system's individual defects piecemeal
           without addressing underlying causes stemming from " deep architectural flaws " would be
           "unlikely to render the system secure."



           The safest way to repair the Diebold system , the report concluded , was to reengineer it
           "so it is secure by design."



           Division Director Whitney Brewster said Alaska uses exactly the same Diebold system as is
           used in California . She noted that the California study did not include some security
           processes and procedures , such as chain - of-custody measures and testing , that might have
           mitigated at least some of the findings . Nevertheless , there were enough red flags to
           raise real concerns for the integrity of the Alaska system.



          "That ' s why we wanted to make sure we are as airtight as possible here in Alaska," she
          said , adding that if the university agrees to conduct the Alaska study , completion would
          be anticipated early enough to implement changes prior to the election in 2008.



           If the university declines , there are other experts to whom the state could go, Brewster
           said . What is imperative , she added , is that an independent third party conducts the
           study . The perception that elections are fair is the bottom line.




          "We absolutely want voters to have confidence that things are above board and airtight,"
          Brewster said. " If the perception is out there ( that the system is flawed ), that's a
          problem."




          Brewster did note that the electronic voting system in Alaska does produce a paper trail,
          which is an issue in some parts of the country . in addition , an audit conducted during the
          certification process hand counts ballots from one precinct in every Alaska House
          district .   If issues arise ,       the entire district is recounted ,       she said.



          Monday, Parnell and members of his staff met with Alaska Democratic Party Chair Patti
          Higgins, Democratic Reps . Lindsey Holmes and Berta Gardner , both of Anchorage , and Kay
          Brown , communications director for the Democratic National Committee in Alaska , to discuss
          the need for a study.



          In a press release Tuesday , Higgins said the state was moving in the right direction in
          proposing to conduct a thorough technical review of the system and its security
          procedures.



          "Time is running short to correct some very serious problems that have come to light, and
          they recognize the urgency of fixing our voting system before the elections in 2008,"
          Higgins said after meeting Monday with the Parnell and Brewster.




                                                                  3




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0004881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "This is not an issue that is going away anytime soon," Brewster said. "I look forward to
           the study being conducted so that we are sure we are providing the best service
           possible."



           Hal Spence can be reached at hspence@ptialaska.net.




                                                         4




                                                                                                    P RA_GS P01 _0004882
