Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Cayce, Sunny C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SCCAYCE]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 14, 2007 10:46 AM
          To:                       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
          Cc:                       Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
          Subject:                  RE: Public-Safety


          This is a Public Safety issue, not ADF&G, so I'm sending to Katie.



          Sunny



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Friday, September 14, 2007 10:40 AM

          To: gregnsage@starband.net

          Subject: RE: Public-Safety



         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Friday, September 14, 2007 10:13 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Public_Safety



         Web mail from : Mr. Gregory Garrels

         address :   7710 Johnson Road Salcha AK 99714

          907-488-1593



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palinrnrn    I am given to understand that new hunting regulations can come
         from the board of game, the legislature, or from your office. The board of game's next
         opening for proposals is not until March of 2008, the wheels of the legislature grind
                                                             1



                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0004884
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          slowly indeed, and there is a clear and present danger to public safety resulting from a
          combination of the actions of a small minority of the hunting community and some
          incomplete language in the hunting regulations.  Many rural landowners have had people
          fire weapons into or along their posted property. Many people have had gutpiles and other
          grizzly attracting offal left on or adjacent to their property. There has been property
          damage in the past. There have also been some serious confrontations between hunters and
          landowners. Sooner or later someone is going to get injured or killed either by a hunter
          or by a bear that was attracted to some offal. The problem in the main stems from two
          sources. One is that m!

          any roadhunters are aware that all a landowner can do is try to charge them with trespass
          which is very difficult. The other is that many believe that they can do anything they
          want to in a right of way, and have had this notion reinforced by people at ADF&amp;G and
          DOT.rnrn     This issue could be rectified easily by two changes in 5 AAC 92.080 (unlawful
          methods of taking game)rnrnThe first would be to change 5 AAC 92.080 (1) from:rnrn(l) By
          shooting from, on, or across a highwayrnrnto:rnrn(l) By shooting from, on, or across a
          highway, or within any right of way or easement that adjoins or passes through private
          property that has been posted against hunting or trespass by the owner.rnrnThis change
          would cause no problems on open state or federal ground, only along posted private
          property.  Bullets do not stop at the edge of a right of way.rnrnthe second would be to
          add 5 AAC 92.080 (14)rnrn(14) By shooting on or into private property that has been posted
          against hunting by!

           the owner.rnrn         By making these two acts game violations,!

           these two small changes would vastly improve public safety with little or no impact on
          ethical users, and would give landowners and wildlife enforcement officers some real teeth
          to deal with the problem roadhunters. Most folks are going to be more worried about
          loosing their gun, truck, and hunting license than about being charged with
          tresspasing.rnrnBest regards,rnGreg Garrelsrnrn7710 Johnson Road, Salcha, AK
          99714rngregnsage@starband.netrn907-488-1593



         gregnsage @starband.net




                                                           2



                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0004885
