Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    gov.sarah @yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Saturday, September 15, 2007 11:22 AM
          To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
          Cc:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: AH


          Mike- pls let me see info beforehand on sensitive items like this - I'll be seeing
          legislators tomorrow and I would need to know what our communications are with them on
          issues I'm working on. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibblesealaska.gov>




          Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2007 11:18:23

          To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah@yahoo. com>,"Balash , Joseph R (GOV)"
          <joe.balash@alaska.gov>,"Kelly, Russell T (GOV)" <russ.kelly@alaska.gov>

          Cc:"Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

          Subject: RE: AH




         Governor,



         The following email was sent yesterday by Russ to all legislators as a

         heads up to AH's Sunday article. The text is the same as was sent back

         and forth to AH. I am not aware of any other media contact or

         legislative contact on the subject.



         Mike



         Dear Legislators:




         I want to bring your attention to a series of exchanges our press office

         had over the past week with former Representative Andrew Halcro. It is
                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0004898
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          expected he will have a column in the Anchorage Daily News on Sunday.



          On Monday, he asked whether the Department of Law had conducted an

          investigation of the PPT votes last       session .       In response, we sent the

          following statement in writing on Wednesday:



          The Department of Law requested access to the evidence gathered by the

          Federal Bureau of Investigation .       That access was denied .       We do not

          wish to hamper their investigations or prosecutions .            in the meantime,

          we continue to monitor the evidence presented in the trials.

          Nevertheless , we do not comment on investigations.



          In this case ,    the public does have the plea agreements and testimonials

          from Rick Smith and Bill Allen .       They have admitted to taking illegal

          actions to corrupt the outcome of the legislative process .             Additional

          evidence is referenced in those documents as well as the indictments of

          the 3 former legislators.



          Mr. Halcro followed that up with the following e-mail to Sharon Leighow

          that evening:



          From: Andrew Halcro [mailto : ahalcro @ptialaska.net)

          Sent: Wednesday ,    September 12, 2007 6:36 PM

          To: Leighow ,    Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject : Re: Andrew - Here is the response to the question posed Monday



          Sharon,



          Thanks so much for the quick response.



          So just so I'm correct ,      no internal investigation has been done but the

         administration still feels the indictment of three lawmakers proves the

         whole legislative process was tainted .       ( I don't want to put words in

                                                                2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          your mouth but I'm trying to relay the truth as succinctly as possible.

          Let me know if I ' m off base .... and yes that is an open ended offer

          regarding any subject :) .



          Also just a reminder if the governor has some time on Tuesday, I'd be

          honored to have her on as a guest on Mike Porcaro 's talk radio program.



          Thanks.

          Andrew



          Out of concern that his column would reflect the erroneous conclusion

          that the governor believed all legislators are tainted , we sent a

          further response on Thursday morning:



          Again , the FBI declined to share its evidence with the Department of

          Law, but we continue to monitor the evidence coming out in the trials.



          The Governor has NOT said the whole legislative process has been

          tainted .    However, the outcome has been colored by the guilty pleadings

          of two executives and the actions of a few legislators . That does not

          make the Legislature as a whole guilty .            Here ' s what she had to say

          last week:



                         "Aside from the corruption scandal where oil service company

          executives have plead guilty to bribing certain lawmakers for a

          particular oil tax outcome last year , and of course those corruption

          trials beginning tomorrow ,          there's been a lot discussion out there in

          the public on that issue .           There were obviously some lawmakers engaging

          in activities their fellow lawmakers did not condone regarding the oil

          taxes and we have many fine Alaskans serving in our Legislature.

         They ' re serving for the right reasons and I do look forward to working

         with these legislators in the coming weeks-and months-on new oil taxes."



         The audio file is attached.
                                                                 3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I want to be sure that each of you is informed of what we have said, and

          how the governor feels about the role of corruption in the outcome of

          the PPT debate last year.



          Russ Kelly

          Legislative Director

          Office of the Governor




                                                        4
