Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




       Unknown
       From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                 GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
       Sent:                     Saturday, September 15, 2007 6:00 PM
       To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
       Subject:                  North Slope Fire




       Governor,



       Walt just called me to report another fire on the North Slope at Kuparuk. The fire
       occurred in a ConocoPhillips Conex that was being used as a shop and storage area. We do
       not have details of how the fire started but it is being reported that the fire was small
       and was contained to the Conex. We learned of the fire from ConocoPhillips when they
       contacted the State Fire Marshall's office. They initially asked if we would like to
       investigate but later called back and requested the Fire Marshall's office participation
       in reviewing the situation. They commented that in light of the recent fires, they wanted
       to be transparent.  We are sending someone to inspect tomorrow. DPS is not initiating any
       media.



       Mike




                                                           1



                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0005006
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


      so


           Byers, Gail Y (LAW)
           From:                     Smith, Lynne M (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LMSMITH 1 ]
           Sent:                     Saturday, September 15, 2007 7:29 PM
           To:                       Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
           Cc:                       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                  statewide correspondence programs and state supported home school support issues




           This is an information sheet that Eddy Jeans did for our (Governor, Mike Tibbles and me)
           meeting with Commissioner Sampson and Chairman Mauer in May. I thought the history would
           help.

           I am working with Barbara Thompson on the "short" list of Mr. Biegel's concerns.



           Lynne




           -----Original Message-----

           From:    imagistics6530   [mailto: imagistics6530Qgov . state . ak.us]

           Sent :   Saturday,   September 15, 2007 8:18 PM

           To: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)

           Subject:    Scanned PDF



           Scanned from IM653OExec

           Public Scan

           Scan to PDF

           Date:2007/09/15

           Pages:2

           Resolution:200




           This document scanned to PDF at

           Juneau Exec Imagistics.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005007
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




    J




                        Statewide Correspondence Programs & State Supported Home School Support Issues


                                 In the spring of 1998 , the Alaska Legislature passed the new public school
                                  funding formula. Included in the legislation was funding for school districts that
                                  operated correspondence programs outside of their districts ' boundaries, on a
                                  statewide basis. The legislation did not provide the department with guidance
                                  pertaining to the operation of these programs.

                                 Many of these statewide correspondence programs have developed and grown
                                  into what is known as state-supported home school programs.

                                In the fall of 1998 , the State Board of Education adopted regulation establishing
                                 an application process for public schools districts that elected to operate statewide
                                 correspondence programs.

                                As these programs evolved, additional regulation were adopted to provide school
                                 districts with guidance in the operation of these programs. Absent specific
                                 legislative direction, the State Board assumed responsibility to establish
                                 guidelines for appropriate use of public funding by these programs.

                                Almost all of these programs provide families with a reimbursement allotment,
                                 for each enrolled student, which can be used to purchase supplies, materials,
                                 tutors, and other educational expenses.

                                Allotments for each child range from $1,200 to $2,000, depending on the child's
                                 grade level.

                                School districts are funded $4,304 per student enrolled in correspondence
                                 programs which is 80% of the base student allocation and is set in law.

                                The department asked for guidance from the Legislature in 2004, for the passage
                                 of legislation that defines acceptable and appropriate use of public funds in the
                                 cash allotments, for these programs . The legislature suggested EED work with
                                 school districts and parents to resolve issues.

                                In 2004, in response to many public and private complaints from Alaskan 's about
                                 how the cash allotments were being spent, and at the request of the Alaska State
                                 Legislature, the Department of Education & Early Development promulgated
                                 regulations that would identify appropriate expenditures for the cash allotments.

                                EED received documented reports of allotment funding being spent on family
                                 vacations, entire family health club memberships, water park passes, the purchase
                                 of animals, cameras, sewing machines, athletic shoes and other items that family
                                 members were not expected to return at the end of the course of study in the
                                 statewide correspondence program.




                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0005008
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                EED can see the educational benefits when courses are linked to Alaska standards
                                 but the general public doesn't when funds are used in a questionable manner.

                                It was also documented that some programs allowed the cash allotments to be
                                 used totally on music lessons, sports camps, art lessons, and other elective
                                 courses. In many instances, students were enrolled in no core academic
                                 programs.

                               The State Board of Education & Early Development adopted regulations that
                                required students to enroll in at least 50% core academic courses.

                               Families may use up to 15% of their allotment ($807) for art, music and physical
                                education. This amount is based on 15% of the state's foundation base student
                                allocation, which is $5,380.

                               This state imposed cap allows individuals to spend between 40-67% of their cash
                                allotment on non core academic programs depending on the individual student
                                allotment.

                               EED highly values and supports home school programs and programs of choice.
                                EED does not oppose families purchasing and using religious materials on their
                                own. The state just can't pay for it.

                               EED supports dual enrollment in community schools and correspondence
                                programs when it provides the maximum benefit for the students.

                               Some community schools have music and art in group settings but students in
                                community schools don't enjoy the benefit of private one on one lessons.

                               EED supports the traditional home schoolers as well as those that utilize the state
                                supported home schooling programs operated by districts. Families that enroll in
                                state support home schooling program must understand that once they accept
                                public monies there will be strings and limitations attached.




                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0005009
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Fw: Helmet laws                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

             From:      Palin
             Sent:     Sunday, September 16, 2007 9:21 AM
             To:       John Katz
             Subject: Fw: Helmet laws
             Fyi

            ----- Original Message -----
            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
            To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)
            Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
            Sent: Sun Sep 16 09 :20:16 2007
            Subject: Helmet laws

            Hi Leo- want to make sure DOT knows my position on helmet laws - I don't support them and that will have to be
            factored in as we're asked to give input on federal mandates and their potential effects on budgets. I'm not alone in
            opposing mandatory helmet usuage, many of my gubenatorial colleagues also oppose, though I'll do all I can to
            encourage helmet use.

            Also, I understand that Menzies may have told Ketchikan folks that we CAN afford another bridge option? He needs
            to be careful not to be inconsistent with the admin's position on the bridge. Randy and/or Russ can speak to him if
            he's not clear on our message (that you delivered well in Ketchikan) that the feds aren't going to pay for it and it
            can't be the state's priority. Do you need me to set something up with Menzies so he understands our position on the
            enormous DOT needs around the state, thus the danger and unfairness in getting Ketchikan's hopes up again?




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0005010
