Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From:      Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
             Sent:      Saturday, September 15, 2007 9:40 PM
             To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
             Subject: -Misc.

           Dear Governor Palin:

           Thank you for the opportunity to work for you. I will try and contribute as quickly as I can.

           Just briefly, I have now met personally with all the Commissioners in my portfolio and the AG and asked about
           their issues. I also mentioned the idea from the meeting last week with Commissioner Monegan of forming a
           Criminal Justice Working Group or Commission. I think it would be similar to the group formed by Governor
           Hickel by an Administrative Order back in 1993. I have a meeting scheduled for next week to follow up with the
           Lt. Governor.

           Also, a few positive things happened last week. The court case against the state related to the Anchorage jail
           and prisoner transport settled out of court by agreement of the attorneys . Documents should be filed with the
           court soon . The municipality and the State can now get back to working together.

           DOT and the City of Ketchikan were locked in a nasty dispute over road and utility work on the main road in
           Ketchikan, with DOT threatening to shut down the project if the city did not approve payment of another $775,000
           for change orders. We managed to get everyone to agree to finish the project and sort out who pays later. The
           project should be completed in another week or 10 days.

           I am working on a Gravina strategy and will meet with Mike again on Monday. A majority of my time so far has
           been spent meeting with DOT personnel and frankly, trying to find out exactly what issues are lying out there,
           what projects, items, they are working on, deadlines for action, and bringing some of them to the attention of the
           COS. (For example, the State's first Highway Safety Plan is due to the feds from the State on Oct. 1, and DOT's
           draft has some items in it (mandatory motorcycle helmets, now that will cause some controversy and would
           impact the state budget - a new state highway safety team).

           Sincerely,

           Randy Ruaro




           8/26/2009
                                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0005004
