Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Saturday, September 15, 2007 6:57 AM
          To:                      'gbiegel@ak.net
          Cc:                      'ftb907@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 Re: Letter from Governor Palin


         Glen- i am in Juneau. I got your message a couple of days ago, have been tasking folks to
         find out what I'm missing so you could receive an appropriate response with going back and
         forth again.  Without fail, each person has reported back that they were confident they
         had communicated with you about our desire to help. I had people spend more than a day
         looking for "my" letter to you that seemed to have been the catalyst for the
         miscommunications on the air, because we wanted all info in front of us in order to
         respond . That letter was nonexistent , I believe you clarified then about the letter. That
         was less than three days ago. We 're still seeking info on this issue so there will be no
         more miscommunications , damaged relationships, distrust, missed opportunities to help,
         etc. I believe you overreacted and you left many people with the impression that their
         homeschool issues will be better dealt with in a different administration.



         It doesn't seem wise to me for you to "make guesses" about anything, then speak about it
         on the air. I have not had the chance to sit down with the AG to speak about this, as your
         request is to speak to him, so though it's not wise, nor fair, to "make guesses" again on
         the air, I can not tell you what to say on air... I've already expressed the committment
         to help, the tasking of staff to gather more information so the board can more
         aggressively tackle the issues, I've insisted homeschoolers get adequate time to address
         the board... etc.



         I know Frank Bailey was able to speak with you from Anchorage. I am sure he told you again
         that we're working to find solutions, as Pat Shier (I believe) has also conveyed to you.




         ----- original Message -----

         From: Glen Siegel <gbiegel@ak.net>

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Sat Sep 15 06:38 :06 2007

         Subject: Re: Letter from Governor Palin



         Governor,



         I still don't have any indication on how you want to proceed (Timeframe, next steps,
         meetings, etc).  I am having to make guesses on what will happen in the future without any
         guidance, and then speak about it on the air. I will indicate on air that I did not get
         the information to you or to the right people and that I have every confidence that this
         issue will turn out, but it would be nice to have something more than your response below.
         I don't want to make things worse (if they can get worse).

                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0004989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Thanks

          Glen




          ----- Original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) <mailto:govpalin@alaska.gov>

         To: gbiegel@ak.net

         Sent : Wednesday, September 12, 2007 1:49 PM

         Subject: Re: Letter from Governor Palin




         I was not provided all this infomation/communications Glen. Thanks for bringing it to my
         attention- but this is all the more reason a more responsible venue should have been found
         for you to air your grievences instead of playing into our known critic's hands. Fagan
         seemed to be using you, big time. All I could think of when listening to you was: "With
         friends like this, who needs enemies".



         And it's not personally "hard on me" to go through things like that yesterday, but a
         conservative agenda gets squashed when those who could be working together to accomplish
         something are set up like you were yesterday. That was brutual Glen, and I've heard from
         others saying worse things than "brutal". Please don't pass these thoughts on to Fagan -
         he hates me and my administration enough as it is.




         ----- Original message -----

         From: Glen Siegel <gbiegel@ak.net>

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent : Wed Sep 12 09:25:25 2007

         Subject: Fw: Letter from Governor Palin



         Governor,



         Here is a copy of a letter from Lynn Smith and an email from one of our parents.



        Thanks

        Glen
                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Here also is a paste from a different email about a response to Lynn Smith and a

         conversation that She, Sally Javier and I had:



         Hi Lynn,




         Thank you for replying. I would like to talk to you more on the comments from

         Barbara Thompson and share more information that I pray you will share with the

         Governor . The comments from Mrs . Thompson raise many concerns for parents who

         have been left out of this process.




         There was the perception of abuse .        How many of these abuses were documented?

         Why didn ' t the DEED do something ?       All the laws needed to prevent that abuse

         were in place . All the regulations needed to stop the abuse were in place. Why

         was regulation written in the absence of law? Do they admit that it destroys

         competition ? Do they admit that homeschoolers are having choice stripped from

         them? This was ordered by former Governor Murkowski who told his staff to shut

         us down and quiet the papers .        Why wasn ' t this handled with individual teachers

        who had a certificate they would like to keep?




        Also ,   Lynn, it is not going to work for Mrs. Thompson to say that Galena agreed

        to this . Galena was negotiating with the DEED and lobbying the legislature for

        other programs at the same time .         Where were the other statewide programs at

        this meeting ? Where were the parents ?        Open testimony was closed even though

        there were lots of us waiting .        Does Galena speak for all? A quick call to any

        of the Galena folks will give you the honest answer that all statewide programs

        were being held at gunpoint during those meetings . The gun was that if they did

                                                              3




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0004991
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         not take what they were offered , the Murkowski DEED and Murkowski Board of EED

         would shut them down .        That meeting was one of the reasons why parents

         organized to look after the welfare of their children.




         (I'm paraphrasing here.) Glen wondered how Rep. Hawker, and not the legislators

         who penned the legislation ,          could make decisions about regulations in the face

         of laws that are contradict.




         Governor Palin told me when we talked ( she was in Fairbanks at their fair

         campaigning) that she believed in competition. Regulating                 statewide programs

         with regulations that do not apply to in-district homeschool programs is an

         equity issue that can not be ignored.




        Are you still at the office this morning ?            If we can not visit via phone today,

        when do you return from your ( more than likely a much needed )                vacation? Lynn,

        who would be your back up while you are on vacation?




        When Governor Palin ran for office, she, personally responded to the AHEA

        questionnaire promising statewide homeschoolers, many of whom campaigned for

        her, some very specific things.            Please see the list below.




        Will the Governor meet with us? Has she turned her back on her promises? Who is

        the Board of EED and the DEED responsible to? Where do they get their authority?



                                                               4




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0004992
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I look forward to your reply.




         Sincerely,



         Sally Javier




         1. Currently, the State provides funding for school districts which enroll

         distance education students from around the state. These statewide programs

         currently serve nearly 10,000 Alaskan students.



         1. Would you support the continuation of State supported homeschooling in its

         current.form?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         2. Brick and mortar schools in Alaska currently spend an average of $1,500 per

         pupil on extra-curricular activities, yet the statewide correspondence programs

         are limited to spending approximately $800 per pupil for fine arts and P.B.



         2. Would you support removing the regulations which cause this inequality among

        Alaskan students?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




                                                       5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0004993
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         3. The regulations adopted in 2004 and new interpretations of regulations

         adopted in 2005 impose restrictions on statewide homeschool programs which are

         not imposed on in-district homeschool programs.



         3. Would you work with the families of over 10,000 home school students to

         correct the disparate treatment of homeschool families according to their

         enrollment in a statewide or an in-district homeschool program?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         4. The statewide programs receive only 80% of the per pupil foundation formula

         amount, and they receive no support from local property taxes.



         4. Would you work with our members to remove the 20% funding penalty imposed on

         homeschool students in statewide programs?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         5. Last year, the Department of Education restricted the children of families in

         the statewide programs who use effective, privately purchased religious

        curricula, despite the fact that those materials clearly exceed the state's

        standards under AS 14 . 03.015 , AS 14 . 07.20, etc.



         5. Would you work with our families to guarantee that homeschool parents and

        teachers can use any materials which are aligned with state standards?



        Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




                                                          6




                                                                                                      PRA GSPOI_0004994
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          6. State law currently places no restrictions on independent homeschoolers (AS

          14.30.010.10.(b)). Nationwide, there is no correlation between state oversight

          and homeschooling outcomes.



          6. Do you support keeping the current "hands off" approach to independent

          homeschooling?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         7. Homeschooling families tend to be more politically involved than the average.

         Many of our members would be willing to help a candidate who would support

         homeschooling.



         7. Would you like us to tell our member families that you would welcome their

         help in your campaign?



         Candidate Sarah Palin - Yes




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: "sally.javier" <sally.javier@ideafamilies.org>

        To: <adougherty@gci.net>; <bheinrichs0l@kodiakschools.org>; <gbiegel@ak.net>;

        <alaskaplantlady@ alaska.net>

        Sent : Monday , August 20 ,     2007 9:24 PM

        Subject : FW: Letter from Governor Palin




                                                               7




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0004995
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         -----Original Message-----

         From :   S. Nymeyer [mailto:nymeyer@gci.net]

         Sent : Monday, July 30, 2007 4:54 PM

         To: 'Sally Javier'; adougherty@gci.net; benshier@gci.net;

        bheinrichsol@kodiakschools.org; baheinrichs@hotmail.com;

        terinalochner@yahoo.com; gbiegel@ak.net; jclum@gci.net; jenhowie4@yahoo.com;

        joslin@wildak.net; alaskaplantlady@ alaska .net; michelle@ elementalmuse.com;

        nels .tomlinson@gmail.com; patshier@gci.net; peterkott1971@aol.com;

        peterkott@hotmail.com; sally.javier@ideafamilies.org; sguffanti@cox.net;

        sallyjavier@yahoo.com; kodiakak@gmail.com; vonclumm@gmail.com

        Subject: FW: Letter from Governor Palin



        Somehow this wasn't exactly the response I was hoping for...



        Susan



        -----Original Message-----

        From: Castle, Lillian K (GOV) [mailto:lynn.castle@alaska.gov]

        Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 4:24 PM

        To: nymeyer@gci.net

        Subject: Letter from Governor Palin




        Please see the attached letter from Governor Sarah Palin in response to

        your email.



        Lynn Castle




        -----Original Message-----

        From: imagistics6530 (mailto:imagistics6530@gov.state.ak.usI

        Sent: Monday, July 30, 2007 4:48 PM

        To: Castle, Lillian K (GOV)

        Subject: Scanned PDF
                                                         8




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0004996
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Scanned from IM653OExec

         Public Scan

         Scan to PDF

         Date:2007/07/30

         Pages:1

         Resolution:200




         This document scanned to PDF at

         Juneau Exec Imagistics.




        No virus found in this incoming message.

        Checked by AVG Free Edition.

        Version: 7.5.476 / Virus Database: 269.10.25/926 -           Release Date :    7/29/2007

         11:14 PM




        No virus found in this outgoing message.

        Checked by AVG Free Edition.

        Version :   7.5.476 / Virus Database :   269.10.25 / 926 - Release Date : 7/29/2007

        11:14 PM




                                                            9




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0004997
