Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


            Unknown

             From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent :   Monday, September 17, 2007 9:51 AM
             To:      thebeanerfamily@yahoo.com
             Subject: RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions,
            and/or information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor.
            Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself, your
            message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----
            From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]
            Sent: Sunday, September 16, 2007 8:18 AM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs

            Web mail from: Ms. Nicole Bean
            address: 51733 Karan Kawa Circle Fort Hood TX 76544
             254-213-0753

            MESSAGE:
            Dear Governor Palin,rnrnrnLet me introduce myself my name is Nicole Bean and I
            was born and raised in Alaska, my husband I are both Alaska residents however
            the army has us stationed in Fort Hood Texas. We are having some issues down
            here with the Army and from what I understand since we are Alaskan residents
            that we are suppose to come to the goverment in Alaska with our issues. My
            husband when he joined the army told his recruiter about his shoulder problems
            however this was not mention to anybody like it was suppose to be. His APFT
            scores were pencil whipped.  Here he was told when we lost our son that he had
            to show up at work. This intailed him bringing our other children to work
            with him at 5:30 in the morning. This to me is not acceptable. Then he was
            recently told by his command that he was not allowed to seek medical treatment
            for a serious issue. How can that be done and be justified. We have had
            several pay issues that have been brought to his husbands comm!
            and and none of these have been resolved but yet he continues to get into
            trouble from his command for not paying his bills. We are getting 300.00
            every two weeks right now from the military and he is an E-3 and we have
            children. How do you support a family on that??? These are just a few of the
            issues that we are having down here and I was told to contact you since you
            are the Governor of Alaska which is where my husband and I are both
            residents.  Please help us.  Thank you and God blessrnNicole Bean

            thebeanerfamily@yahoo.com




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005023
