Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Sunday, September 16, 2007 3:13 PM
        To:                       Von Scheben; Leo (DOT)
        Subject:                  Re: Helmet laws


        Thanks!



        ----- Original message -----

        From: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Sun Sep 16 15:01:07 2007

        Subject: Re: Helmet laws



        Thanks for your position on helmet laws . I will talk to mal menzies about gravina bridge.
        Leo



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)

        Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Nizich,
        Michael A (GOV)

        Sent: Sun Sep 16 09:20:16 2007

        Subject: Helmet laws



       Hi Leo- want to make sure DOT knows my position on helmet laws - I don't support them and
       that will have to be factored in as we're asked to give input on federal mandates and
       their potential effects on budgets. I'm not alone in opposing mandatory helmet usuage,
       many of my gubenatorial colleagues also oppose, though I'll do all I can to encourage
       helmet use.



       Also, I understand that Menzies may have told Ketchikan folks that we CAN afford another
       bridge option? He needs to be careful not to be inconsistent with the admin's position on
       the bridge. Randy and/or Russ can speak to him if he's not clear on our message (that you
       delivered well in Ketchikan) that the feds aren't going to pay for it and it can't be the
       state's priority. Do you need me to set something up with Menzies so he understands our
       position on the enormous DOT needs around the state, thus the danger and unfairness in
       getting Ketchikan's hopes up again?




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0005014
