Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU= FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/C N=MATT BBLES]
         Sent:                     Monday, September 17, 2007 2:23 PM
         To:                       Palin ; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Cc:                       Colberg ; Talis J (LAW); 'ftb907@yahoo . com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  RE: Beigel


         Will do. I will report back as soon I reach him.



         Frank, will you please send me Glenn's phone numbers. Thanks.




         Mike



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Monday,     September 17, 2007 2:12 PM

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Subject: Beigel



         Mike- you're up on this controversy with Beigel and the emails I've sent Talis to let him
         know about it (and Beigel's request to talk to the AG about it)... Instead of Talis having
         to meet with him on it, pls call Beigel to find out his beef more thoroughly. Frank's been
         running interference here, I wanted to wrap up my comments on this in that final email I
         sent Beigel on Saturday before he went back on the air to "guess" about our position on
         homeschools... Pls call him be it was your name mentioned as the guy who "steered me
         wrong", according to Beigel"s rant on the Fagan show. Try that tactic before Talis spends
         any more time on this - Frank, too.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0005116
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             FW: Letter                                                                                                Page 1 of 3



               Unknown

                From:    Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MATIBBLES]
               Sent:      Monday, September 17, 2007 4:20 PM
               To:       Sarah Palin
                Cc:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); lynne-smith@gov. state.ak.us
                Subject: FW: Letter


             Governor,

             We checked this morning and Barbara Thompson did send the letter on Friday to Sec. Spellings. I am forwarding
             you an email from Executive Director Diane Barrans of the Postsecondary Education Commission that provide
             more clarification on the DOE regs and legislation . Also Matt Zency called Diane today asking question regarding
             the differences between Alaska (ACPE) and other lending institutions . After speaking with Matt, she feels that the
             story will be positive.

             Mike

             From: Barrans, Diane M (ACPE)
             Sent: Sunday, September 16, 2007 4:50 PM
             To: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)
             Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Katz, John W (GOV)
             Subject : RE: Letter

             Mike is correct, Lynne. There is some relationship between what is happing in terms of regulation USDOE is
             promulgating , legislation coming out of Congress, and the communication with both USDOE and members of
             congress.

             For the last two years there has been significant focus in DC on the federal education loan program (FFELP) and
             concerns about inappropriate FFELP lender behavior that either increases program costs or leaves students and
             their families vulnerable as a result of inappropriate relationships between lenders and institutions . This scrutiny
             has resulted in both statutory and regulatory efforts to resolve the troubling issues . The concern for Alaska is that
             in the effort to improve the program's structure to better: 1) control costs to tax payers ; and, 2) protect the
             consumer, there should be consideration of our real-life situation where it is a state agency (not a for-profit bank)
             acting as a one-stop financial aid shop for students in and from our state . The rules do not contemplate the
             existence of an entity like the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education which is solely focused on
             residents' and state needs and which passes every cent of federal subsidy received through the program on to
             our borrowers . Entities like ACPE are very unique and the media has been miopic by failing to acknowledge that
             we exist.

             We are currently working on a press release that will raise some of these issues and try to heighten awareness at
             least here in the state. I have also been working closely with John Katz' staff in DC to try to improve the
             awareness within the beltway that we 're out here and delivering services to students and their families in what I
             believe to be the best possible public service model.

             As you know we have our "Big Picture " budget meeting tomorrow and I will be happy to provide more information
             then if Mike or you would like to continue the discussion.

             Just as an FYI-Alaska 's model is one with which USDOE leadership and certainly key Senate staffers are
             familiar. ACPE's federal education loans are provided at the lowest rate in the nation because of our structure
             and public purpose mission . We are viewed as "good actors " but unfortunately all of the really big players within
             the federal education loan program are the ones at which the new rules are targeted.




             8/26/2009

                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0005117
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             FW: Letter                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3


             Hope this is responsive to your inquiry.
             Diane


             From: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)
             Sent: Sat 9/15/2007 6:29 PM
             To: Barrans, Diane M (ACPE)
             Subject: FW: Letter

             I can't tell if Mike emailed you this or not. If case he didn't....

             ----Original Message----
             From : Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
             Sent: Saturday, September 15, 2007 9:14 AM
             To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Smith, Lynne M (GOV)
             Cc: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Katz, John W (GOV)
             Subject: RE: Letter

             My read of the article is that it is related . The letter was focused on rules being considered by the US Dept of Education and
             the article was focused on Congressional action . It looks like both efforts are aimed are eliminating excess profits by lenders
             at the disadvantage of students. The article mentions reduced rates which Alaska already offers ; however they look like
             discounts beyond what we offer. I can get a comparison of the regs verses the legislation from Postsecondary Education that
             will help.

             -----Original Message----
             From: "gov.sarah@yahoo .com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             To: "Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>; "Lynne M Smith" <lynne.smith@alaska.gov>
             Cc: "Janice L Mason" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>; "John Katz" <jwkatz@alaskadc.org>
             Sent: 9/15/2007 8:34 AM
             Subject: Re: Letter

             Did the ediatorial pertains to barb's letter's content?
             ------Original Message----
             From: Michael A Tibbles
             To: Governor Sarah Palin
             To: Michael A Tibbles
             To: Lynne M Smith
             Cc: Janice L Mason
             Cc: John Katz
             Sent: Sep 15, 2007 8:30 AM
             Subject: RE: Letter

             We did ask Barbara Thompson to send the letter and she agreed . I will have to check to see if it is already out the door.

             Mike

             ----Original Message--
             From: "gov.sarah@yahoo.com" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             To: "Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tib




             8/26/2009
                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0005118
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             FW: Letter                                                                            Page 3 of 3


             [truncated by sender]




             8/26/2009
                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0005119
