Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Wednesday, September 19, 2007 5:48 PM
         To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Anders; Bruce F
                                   (DNR); Notti; Emil R (CED)
         Cc:                       kccole@mtaonline.net
         Subject:                  Re: Mat Maid Debt


         We need to make sure Emil, Joe's boss, is also aware                of issues here. Thanks

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>



        Date : Wed, 19 Sep 2007 17:46:31

        To:"Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,ExternalEmailgsp
        <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Anders,                           Bruce
        F (DNR)" <bruce.anders@alaska.gov>

        Cc:kccole@mtaonline.net

        Subject: RE: Mat Maid Debt




        Thanks Tom. I've copied Kristan on this email as she was not aware

        either.     Considering that the Governor's office is critiqued daily on

        this via Halcro and all the radio shows, and that we are often finding

        ourselves in the position of having to respond; please ask your folks to

        include us in the notification of these type of requests and/or exchange

        of information so we're not blindsided. Kristan, as Chair, should also

        be included on all correspondence as she is the one spending countless

        hours each day on this matter.



        I agree we should meet sooner rather than later. Kristan is awaiting a

        status report on action items from Joe Austerman. I think a written

        status and plan would be helpful for the meeting. We are also working

        on the financials and don't expect them until Friday. Meeting prior to

        that would not do us any good. I request that we keep the meeting to a

        very small group and that you and I discuss the attendees.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005163
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         On another note ,    Kristan has run into numerous stumbling blocks within

         the state trying to obtain help for an audit . Kristan , Mike Tibbles

         called Karen Rehfeld - our 0MB Director - for me today and they're on

         it.



         Also, Kristan reported today that we have had 10 written letters of

         interest and several phone calls.



         I really hate that you have to be bothered with this while you're out of

         town . I'm sorry .   Please give my best to Sharon.



         Kris



         -----Original Message-----

        From :   Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

        Sent: Wednesday ,     September 19, 2007 4:14 PM

        To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV ); Tibbles , Michael A (GOV);

        Anders , Bruce F (DNR)

        Subject : FW: Mat Maid Debt



        fyi




                                                           2
