Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

              From:    PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SRPARNELLI
              Sent:    Tuesday, September 18, 2007 12:37 PM
              To:      Sarah Palin
              Subject: Events today

            Commonwealth North Board Meeting/Wally Hickel: I spoke to this group this morning in an informal q and a
            session around the breakfast table. Gov . Hickel commented that he was glad to see you in Talkeetna over the
            weekend. Very warm reception.

           UAA-Whitney and I met with Fran Ulmer today and a few University types to solidify things on a University review
           of elections touch screen equipment and scanners. Phase 1 will be $50,000 of federal HAVA funds and they
           have already begun to reach out to experts at UC Davis and in Florida. A full study will cost a lot more, but in the
           next four weeks they will use this money from Elections to put forward a review plan, provide opportunity for
           public input (electronic), etc. I can fill you in more if you want ; I just wanted you to know we 're on track to begin
           the third party review.

           UAA regents-Fran asked me to step into the regents ' meeting and say a few words . I told them about us reaching
           out to the University for help with Elections issues which they appreciated. Also, Mark Hamilton asked about how
           we viewed the University's efforts to move forward with missions & measures (which Karen Rehfeld now terms
           "performance measures"). He remembers me championing this stuff when I was co-chair of Sen. Fin. I told him
           we very much cared about results and that government programs, including University endeavors, that could
           demonstrate measurable results for the public had a greater likelihood of surviving the budget process . Friendly
           meeting. I've got more to add from a talk yesterday with Dana Fabe but I'll put it in a different email later.




           8/28/2009
                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0005162
