Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
        Sent:                     Thursday, September 20, 2007 9:58 AM
        To:                       DJCHARLEY79@aol.com
        Subject:                  RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
        information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
        unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
        being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
        need, suggestion, or comment.




        -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent : Wednesday, September 19, 2007 2:41 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Military_and_Veterans_Affairs



        Web mail from: Ms. Karen Cameron

        address: PO BOX 873689 Wsailla AK 99687

         907 373 4690



        MESSAGE:

       CONGRETIONAL LETTER FOR SARAH PALINlrnrnAwaiting a response to my letter written on the
       9th of Sept. 2007. My Daughter Private Amelia Cameron is coming soon from AIT fort Lee in
       Virginia and they are chaptering her out and in 90 days can make a dession on weither to
       stay in the army or leave it. Meanwhile nothing is being done about her mental state from
       the army for the abuse that has been take place in the past from both Anchorage base or
       Virginia base . No one has shown they are repersenting her as of yet in the PERKINS case in
       Anchorage. Now they have postponed the Perkins case at Fort Richardson without Amelia
       knowing why or what or anything. She also has not recieved and pay since before she left
       on AIT in Virgina as they say they have lost her papers. To many things happening here to
       ignore the ignorance of the army and my daughters well being. What is going to happen if
       my daughter leaves the forces, WHY is she not getting any counsoling through the army to
       help her !

       process this abuse. She has been place many times in the mental hospital in Virginia AT
       fort Lee for trying to cut on herself. She is crying out for help. I lost my daughter 4
       times in one night from trying to committ suicide over this matter with Perkins. She is
       not being informed , repersented, and now they are telling her she can just get out!???
       This is how the ARMY deals with there female abused soldiers??? Again I do not know what
       else to do but continue to put this out there. Someone has to step up to the plate. If my
       daughter leaves? What about her diagnosis of post tramatic stress syndrome and becoming
       bi- polar over all that Perkins has put her through. They are not even talking about
       getting her help if she leaves any kind of funding for her. Even our soldiers returning
       from the war get what she deserves right now from having symtoms PTS and Bi-Plor. Are they
       just gonna shove her under the rug? forget about what has happen to her through all this.
       She was a strong!
                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0005188
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          woman full of life and now dwiddling into a lose of self and!

         distruction. Again I plee, I dont want to loose my daughter. I know this proubly is not a
        Gonvenor issue . But she has to know where to send this talk to something to get this out
        to needs to hear it! PLEASE ! Gov. Palin. PLEAE ! get this out to the Sentors. I was told if
        I was writting a Congretional letter it was to be reponded to within 10 days. But I havent
        even heard anything from the Senetors from Alaska or Virginia. I don't know what you think
        or the people that process this think. A raging mother? A crazed woman? Well wouldnt all
        you be and do the same for your children? What has happened and happening to my daughter
        is unjust and just plain not right or fair. I know you are busy running our state. But
        what if this was one of your daughters. Please GOD, I am loosing my mind with my daughter
        in Virginia and I cant even be there to help her through all this. Get me into contact
        with who can do something about this. I am helpless here and her father and I are the only
        one!

        s supporting her in this. I am so discusted with the way our woman are being treated in
        the military and getting away with it. I am making a stand fro them all. Please ref ere to
        my previous letter sent on the 9th of Sept. and let me know what where, anything, Someone
        let me kow they are listening to my daughters cry for survival. She was willing to put her
        life up to insure our safty here in America and Alaska. Who is will to help her? Thank you
        again . Karen Cameron



        DJCHARI.EY79@aol.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0005189
