Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 1


            Unknown

             From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:    Thursday, September 20, 2007 10:01 AM
             To:      Ruth and John
            Subject: RE: Board of Game
            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
            have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
            every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
            person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



            From: Ruth and John [mailto:jsandrw@matnet.com]
            Sent: Wednesday, September 19, 2007 1:55 PM
            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Board of Game

            Dear Governor Palin,

            Attached is my comment letter to the joint Boards of Game and Fisheries regarding their proposal to limit
            public participation.

            I am particularly disgusted with the Board of Game's lack of serious consideration of the broad interest of
            the public. I am sick of them thumbing their respective noses at the public.

            The BOG views the public as nothing more than obstacles to overcome rather than as meaningful and
            helpful participants in the process of developing sound regulatory policy that is in the broad public
            interest.

            You can help, through your influence as governor and through your appointment powers , to make this a
            fair and balanced board.

            Thank you.

           John Strasenburgh
           PO Box 766
           Talkeetna , AK 99676
           907-733-6874




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0005184
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                          Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

             From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemort alaska.gov[
             Sent:    Thursday, September 20, 2007 12:00 PM
             To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: NWBC Engage ! September 2007 Issue




            From: National Women's Business Council [mailto:info@nwbc.gov]
            Sent: Thursday, September 20, 2007 11:33 AM
            To., Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: NWBC Engage! September 2007 Issue




              NATIONAL WOMEN'S
              BUSINESS C OUNCIL




             In this Issue
              September 2007             i Council Meets in Washington , Swears In
                       Council Meets in              The National Women 's Business Council ( NWBC) held
               Washington, DC                        meeting on September 19 in Washington , DC. Durirn
                                                     Chair Tami Longaberger presided over the swearing-I
                       New Council
               Member Appointed in           Council members . In addition , the Council reviewed recent p
                                             new plans for FY 2008.
               Se ptember
                       NWBC Releases
               Town Hall Meeting
               Report                        Read More >
                       New Brief on
              Federal Contracting with
              Women-Owned                    New Council Member Appointed in Septe
              Businesses
                        Council                      Rebecca Herwick, President and CEO of St . Louis-are;
               Members Reach Out to                  Inc., has been appointed to a three -year term on the
               Iraqi Businesswomen          Business Council. Global Products , Inc. provides quality gifty+
                         NWBC Joins         collectible and promotional products worldwide through their
               Briefing for African         and distribution capabilities.
              Women Visitors
                         New Study          Click here to learn more about Rebecca.
              Examines Gender-Based
              Differencr,s In Business       Read Mar >
              Performance
                        Workshops
              Focus on Overseas             NWBC Releases Report on 2007 Town Ha
              Investing Opportunities
                        Congress                    The National Women 's Business Council released a nc
              Passes Permanent                      featuring the outcomes of its first two town hall meet
              Legislation for Women's               2007. "Voices from the Field " presents the outcomes
              Business Centers              the Council 's March 13 , 2007 event in St. Louis and June 5,
                      Social Security       Portland . To download a copy of the report, visit www.nwbc.
              Administration Offers
              New Online Resource for       NWBC will host three new meetings In the coming year. For r
              Employers                     be added to the mailing list for future town hall meetings, col
                                            at emily. reynolds @ nwbc.oov.




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0005185
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                               Page 2 of 3


                                          Read More >
                   www. nwbc.gov

                                         NWBC Updates Brief on Federal Contracting with
                                         Women -Owned Businesses
                                                   The National Women' s Business Council recently updated its issue Brief on
                                                   Federal Contracting with Women-Owned Businesses. The updated brief
                                                   examines the current state of contracting with women-owned small
                                         businesses on a government-wide and agency-specific basis. The updated issue
                                         brief is now available on the NWBC web site.


                                         Read More >


                                         Council Members Reach Out to Iraqi Businesswomen
                                                Two members of the National Women 's Business Council , Rebecca Boenigk
                                                and Kathy Eshelman, were selected earlier this year to participate In the
                                        Iraqi Women 's Economic Empowerment Partnership , an initiative launched by the
                                        U.S. Department of State to link American business women with current or aspiring
                                        Iraqi women business owners. Several months Into the pilot program , Boenigk and
                                        Eshelman both report positive communications with their Iraqi contacts.

                                         Read More >


                                        NWBC Staff Member Joins Briefing for African Women
                                        Visitors
                                                Council staff member Katherine Stanley participated in a panel discussion
                                                attended by seventeen women from francophone Africa on September 13.
                                        Organized on behalf of the U . S. Department of State by the Phelps Stokes Fund,
                                        the session was part of the International Visitor Leadership Program, which invites
                                        emerging leaders from around the world to the U . S. to meet with their professional
                                        counterparts.

                                                                                                                    Read More >


                                        SBA Office of Advocacy Examines Gender-Based
                                        Differences in Business Performance
                                                 The SBA Office of Advocacy released a new working paper this month that
                                                 examines why performance differences exist for female- and male-owned
                                          1'     businesses . The study, Are Male and Female Entrepreneurs Really That
                                        Different?, finds that gender does not affect new venture performance when
                                        controlling for other factors . For more information on this study , visit the Office of
                                        Advocacy web site.



                                         Read Mole >


                                        Workshops Focus on Overseas Investing Opportunities
                                        for Women and Minorities
                                                The Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) will build on its series
                                                of successful workshops in 2006 and early 2007 with three new
                                                conferences for minority and women -owned small businesses this fall. The




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0005186
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


            National Women' s Business Council - Engage!                                                           Page 3 of 3


                                         Expanding Horizons conferences, being held in cooperation with NWBC and the
                                         Minority Business Development Agency, will take place In Newark, NJ (September
                                         27), Houston, TX (October 18), and San Francisco, CA (November 15). NWBC
                                         Executive Director Margaret Barton will speak at the events.

                                         To view a draft agenda for the workshops or to register, visit
                                         www.trademeetings.com.


                                         Read More >


                                         Congress Passes Permanent Legislation for Women's
                                         Business Centers
                                                On May 24, 2007, the U. S. Senate and House of Representatives both
                                                passed by unanimous consent an amendment that calls for permanent
                                                renewability funding for Women's Business Centers (WBCs). Included In
                                        the U.S. Troop Readiness Veterans' Care Katrina Recovery and Iraq
                                        Accountability Appropriations Act of 2007 (H.R. 2206), this legislation allows
                                        established WBCs to apply for 3-year grants on an ongoing basis . For the first time,
                                        WBCs will have a permanent funding stream established by law.


                                                                                                                Read More >


                                        Social Security Administration Offers New Online
                                        Resource for Employers
                                                 The Social Security Administration has launched a new website for
                                                 employers . Business Online Services ( BSO) offers information on W-2s,
                                        electronic filing, verifying Social Security numbers, free software , technical
                                        specifications, among other resources . The new site is designed to help employers
                                        save time and effort when completing wage reporting paperwork . Visit the Q$,Q
                                        web site for more information.

                                                                                                                Read More >



                                                         Click here to unsubscrlbe



                                                    National Women's Business Council
                                                       409 Third St., SW, Suite 210
                                                          Washington, DC 20024




           11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0005187
