Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1



             Unknown

             From:     Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                       GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAILEY]
             Sent:     Wednesday, September 19, 2007 12:15 PM
             To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: Board Resignations

           FYI, we had two Board resignations from ANGDA - Andy Warwick & Bob Stinson today over the new Public
           Office Financial Disclosure form. They both said that disclosing individual income from clients and/or their
           spouses was too onerous for them. Andy was concerned that he'll violate his client's privacy by disclosing how
           much they paid him for doing their taxes, etc. We'll likely see Favretto resign as well.

           I've told folks that bring this up that any change will have to come from the Legislature and that I don't see any
           type of fix on the near horizon.

           I do know that Dave Jones is looking at this and making sure that APOC is on firm footing in how they're handling
           it. I'll continue to stay in contact with Dave on it.

           Frank

           Director, Boards and Commissions
           Office of Governor Sarah Palin
           907-269-7450




           8/31/2009
                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0005180
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1



               Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

               From :    Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
               Sent :    Wednesday, September 19, 2007 8:21 AM
               To:       gov. sarah @yahoo.com; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Response to Pebble Mine letter

             Dear Governor Palin, Just for your information. This is the formal response sent to Rep. Ramras about his
             allegations on Pebble. Talis


             From: Robinson , Valerie M (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, September 18, 2007 3:52 PM
             To: Ramras, Jay B (LAA)
             Cc: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
             Subject: Response to Pebble Mine letter

             Please find attached a response to your September 1, 2007 letter regarding Pebble Mine. An original copy is in
             the mail.




             6/9/2009

                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0005181
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    U I;                                                                      Sarah Patin, Governor

                                                                                             P.O. BOX 110300
                                            DEPARTMENT OF LAW                                JUNEA(1, ALASKA 99811-0300
                                                                                             PHONE;        (907)465-3428
                                     CRIMINAL DIVISION CENTRAL OFFICE                        FAX          (907)445-4043


                                                              September 18, 2007




              The Hon. Representative Jay Ramras
              Alaska State Legislature
              House of Representatives
              District 10:
              1292 Sadler Way Suite 324
              Fairbanks Alaska 99701

                      Re; Pebble Mule Advocacy

              Dear Representative Ramras;

                     This is in>response to your letter of September 1, 2007 to Attorney General Talis Colberg
              and to U.S. Attorney Nelson P. Cohen. We received your correspondence on September 7,
              NOT You, complain:that on a recent-fact=finding, trip to the Bristol. Bay region, private citizens
              told you that unnamed corporate organizations whoadvocate a proPebble Mine viewpoint were
              making direct'finan.cial payments to local village residents, business . owners, and community
              leaders to inappropriately garner support from local residents for development of the Pebble
              Mine prospect.

                      Depending on the identity and status of the: persons receiving the alleged -funds and the
              identity of the entity or entities providing them , your allegations could be serious, At this point,
              your stories are admittedly anecdotal , and none of them can be corroborated on the basis of the
              information in your letter, because the parties are anonymous.

                     The 'civil, division and the criminal division of the Department of Law do not have
             independent investigative capacity, except in specific cases such .as Medicaid fraud, regulatory
             affairs and public advocacy, and consumer protection. One of my attorneys will be calling you
             to discuss your allegations to determine whether to request outside agency assistance,
             specifically from the Department of Public Safety , to start an investigation. The State Troopers,
             not the Department of Law, would be the "first responders" to deeterniine whether a crime has
             been committed.

                     Before asking the State Troopers to become involved , the first. question we will be asking
             is which, if any, of the people you implicate in your letter are public servants . Then we will
             want to know whether any persons you identify as -public servants were in a position to have
             their vote,. opinion,judgment; action, decision, or exercise of discretion as a public servant
             influenced by the payment of a benefit. The state crimes of bribery (AS 11.56.100), receiving a
             bribe (AS 11.56.110), and official misconduct (AS 11.56.580) are only applicable to the conduct




                                                                                                     i

                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0005182
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The Honorable Jay Ramras                                                      September 18, 2007
              Re: Pebble Mine Advocacy                                                                 Page 2

              of public servants. We will also want to know the specific identity of any person or entity you
              allege made payments to any of the individuals you cite.

                      The crimes of commercial bribe receiving (AS` 11.46.660) and commercial bribery
             (AS 11.46.670) apply to persons whose status is not as public servants, but who have duties to
             others which are either fiduciary or professional in nature. These may include officers or
             directors who participate in the direction of the affairs of an organization. But in addition to
             status, the crime of commercial bribe receiving requires that- the person receiving the money or
             benefit obtain it with intent to violate a duty to which that person is subject due to his status.
             Similarly, the crime of commercial bribery requires proof that the briber knew that the person he
             was trying to bribe was subject. to a duty as a result of his status, and the briber intended to
                                                        ..
             influence the other to violate that duty. As you can see, determining the identity, status, and
             intent of the persons you implicate is imperative.

                    You also allege°that the payor of these benefits may not be providing federal 1099
             withholding forms to the payees. Since ^you have directed your letter jointly to LT S. Attorney
             Cohen, we assume this matter of federal concern will be of particular interest to him and his
             staff.

                     You complain of potential ethical improprieties, if not outright criminal behavior. The
             D,epartment will also assess whether any civil causes of action may be brought against either the
             payor or payees of the benefits you allege. However, village and regional native corporations, as
             you are aware, are organized as for-profit entities. As you are also aware, the Alaska
             legislature's 2007 Ethics Bill, (SCS CSHB 109(Fin) am S) only applies to the conduct of state
             executive and legislative branch officers (including lobbyists). The conduct of the officers and
             directors of village/regional-native corporations is therefore. not controlled by the state's
             amended 2007 ethics act, unless those. persons are found to be acting in a separate. govermnental
             capacity.


                     You have asked that the Department of Law send a representative to Bristol Bay for a
             seres;.of meetings of the House Special Committee on Fisheries. and the House Resources
             Committee on September 24-26,,2007. We are evaluating your request. Depending on the
             outcome of our telephone conversation, we may ask for Public Safety assistance. with this
             request,

                     Thank you for expressing your concerns.

                                                          Sincerely,.

                                                          TALIS J, COLBERG
                                                          ATTORNEY GENE


                                                          BY.
                                                                  Richard ASvobodny
                                                                  Deputy Attorney General




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0005183
