Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                     Thursday, September 20, 2007 12:51 PM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P
                                     (GOV)
           Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Frank Bailey; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR);
                                     Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
           Subject:                  Fw: Senator French Asks Governor to Make the Special Session More Openand Transparent




           Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular one



           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>



           Date: Thu, 20 Sep 2007 12:48:05

           To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

           Subject: FW: Senator French Asks Governor to Make the Special Session More Open

            and Transparent




          From: Jeff Turner [mailto:Jeff_Turner@legis.state.ak.us]

            Sent: Thursday, September 20, 2007 9:37 AM

           Subject: Senator French Asks Governor to Make the Special Session More Open and
          Transparent




          Alaska Legislature

          Senator Hollis French
                                                                   1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0005212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           For Immediate Release :      September 20, 2007




           Senator French Asks Governor to Make the Special Session More Open and Transparent




          (ANCHORAGE ) - Sen. Hollis French ( D - Anchorage ) is asking Gov. Sarah Palin to make the
          upcoming special session on oil taxes even more open and transparent . French recently sent
          a letter to the governor asking for more information on how her oil tax team settled on a
          hybrid tax system instead of a gross tax. Senator French's letter asks the governor to
          allow administration officials to present details of the arguments and counter-
          arguments that were discussed within the administration.



          " I share the governor ' s commitment to stop the politics-as-usual approach in Juneau.
          Having her oil tax team talk about how they decided on a hybrid tax over a simple,
          understandable gross tax helps the legislature and the public understand why they came to
          the decision they did."



          When the legislature passed a net profits tax last year , officials with the previous
          administration were not permitted to take a public position on any other petroleum tax
          plan . Senator French believes that caused more harm than good and would like to see the
          Palin administration avoid the same mistake.



          During her gubernatorial campaign , Governor Palin endorsed a gross tax on oil production.
          When the administration released her ACES plan , the governor stated she was dragged
          " kicking and screaming" into accepting the ACES plan instead of a gross tax.



          Senator French and many other legislators believe a gross tax with sensible credits that
          spur new oil production is the best deal for the state and will strengthen its
          relationship with the oil industry for many decades to come.



          A copy of the letter is attached. For more information, contact Senator French at (907)
          269-0234.




                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0005213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                         3



                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0005214
