Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.leschper@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Friday, September 21, 2007 7:03 AM
         To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Cc:                       Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S
                                   (DOR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: logcc speech and ACES


         pat's op-ed which was next in line would be the most obvious place to address . I'll work
         with the team on this . Also in the other info we are developing and sharon can get anyone
         doing radio , tv and print interviews to keep this message at the forefront.




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

         Cc: Kelly , Russell T     ( GOV); Ruaro , Randall P         ( GOV); Balash ,   Joseph R   ( GOV); Galvin,
         Patrick S (DOR)

        Sent ; Fri Sep 21 06:53 : 56 2007

        Subject : Re: Iogcc speech and ACES



        Still trying to sit down with it- I have to today in between mtgs.



        Pls be thinking how to message back to Hollis who is insisting he knows there is internal
        dissent on ACES . Part of the response is: he needs to provide specifics as his allegations
        are political and unfair unless he names names so I can deal with this issue - if there is
        an issue . If there isnt he needs to quit stirring up doubts and just deal with ACES on its
        merits. There is no gag order and I hope staff will publicly debate this.



        I hate the politics in this , as ACES is too imp to be messing around with and I don't want
        anyone holding back if they have disagreements with the proposal.



        But please dont let anyone talk you into just letting this slide, and go unanswered. We do
        too much of that and then we have to "react" aggressively and try to unring a bell that
        critics have rung. Let's get on top of this one and I've asked Russ to call Hollis this
        morning , but Hollis has been so public about this the past few days we owe it to the
        public to answer Hollis ' accusations.



        ----- Original Message -----

        From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

        To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent :   Fri Sep 21 06:44:34 2007
                                                                 1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 _0005283
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: Iogcc speech



         Governor:

         Did you want any changes to the speech?




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0005284
