Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 21, 2007 6:54 AM
          To:                       Leschper; Beth (GOV)
          Cc:                       Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S
                                    (DOR)
          Subject:                  Re: logcc speech and ACES


          Still trying to sit down with it- I have to today in between mtgs.



          Pls be thinking how to message back to Hollis who is insisting he knows there is internal
          dissent on ACES . Part of the response is: he needs to provide specifics as his allegations
          are political and unfair unless he names names so I can deal with this issue - if there is
          an issue . If there isnt he needs to quit stirring up doubts and just deal with ACES on its
          merits. There is no gag order and I hope staff will publicly debate this.



          I hate the politics in this , as ACES is too imp to be messing around with and I don't want
          anyone holding back if they have disagreements with the proposal.



          But please dont let anyone talk you into just letting this slide , and go unanswered. We do
          too much of that and then we have to " react " aggressively and try to unring a bell that
          critics have rung . Let's get on top of this one and I ' ve asked Russ to call Hollis this
          morning , but Hollis has been so public about this the past few days we owe it to the
          public to answer Hollis ' accusations.



          ----- Original message -----

          From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Fri Sep 21 06:44:34 2007

          Subject: Iogcc speech



         Governor:

         Did you want any changes to the speech?




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0005285
