Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Frye, Ivy J (DOA) [ivy.frye@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Saturday, September 22, 2007 9:21 AM
          To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                  Re: Bridge


         Hey! I'll touch base w/ kyle today and our other good people ...pete ecklund, jc conley,
         paul axelson, doug ward, sandy meske. I will start w kyle though-see if he'll be a little
         more understanding. Let you know what I find out. Have fun in new orleans...



          ----- Original message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Frye, Ivy J (DOA)

         Sent: Sat Sep 22 04:30:14 2007

         Subject: Fw: Bridge



         Hi Ivy! If u can help unruffle feathers with Kyle... he sounds very ticked.



         Hope you have a great weekend.



         ----- Original message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV);                Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Von Scheben,
         Leo (DOT)

         Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); 'SR_Parnell@gov.state.ak.us'
         <SR_Parnell@gov.state.ak.us>; Balash, Joseph R (GOV); MacKinnon, John S (DOT); Katz, John
         W (GOV); Persily, Larry A (GOV)

         Sent: Sat Sep 22 03:50:59 2007

         Subject: Bridge



         Mike/Russ/Randy: Holy moly - Kyle Johanson's comments are as biting as Bert Stedman's were
         (in adn this morning). When did you guys talk to them - when the presser was first crafted
         on Monday? Why do they say they were shocked yesterday?

         Bert didn't sound as angry as "shocked" when I talked to him yesterday, but even that
         surpsrised me because I'm assuming this was communicated to him at the beginning of the
         week.



         Also, as Sharon knows, the Stevens story grew legs NOT out of any "demand" I made for him
         to talk to Alaskans, as KTUU reported last night. When asked three times in two days by
         different reporters if I thought Stevens should talk about the investigation, I did say I
         thought Alaskans want to hear any information he can provide, and it's appropriate and
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005347
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         deserved to give him the benefit of the doubt - and Alaskans get frustrated when he can't
         or isn't providing information on his innocence.



         It's very clear the adn reporter made my comments sound more inciteful than necessary. AP
         report was more in context , but the headline was rough. I'm not " demanding" Stevens do
         anything , just as I'm not "demanding " state senate leadership strip Cowdery of Rules - I
         won't tell anyone what to do and I don't have the authority to do so anyway. These
         questions have been impossible to avoid and I'll continue to give my opinion , but it's
         unfortunate the Stevens comment is made to sound more controversial than I intended.




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0005348
