Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov)
         Sent:                     Sunday, September 23, 2007 8:24 PM
         To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: Media


         Thanks - if u get a chance and i dont, just fill larry in on our comm issues - tho he can
         already tell there are major comm issues - as he believes like I do that answering media
         requests shouldnt be such a darn burden everyday - and that Juneau folks need to be on the
         same page as the rest of the state.




         ----- Original Message -----

         From :   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Cc: Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

         Sent: Sun Sep 23 20:20:32 2007

         Subject: RE: Media



         Sounds good. I'll plan to attend as well.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: "govpalin@alaska.gov" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

        To: "Michael A Tibbles" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>; "Kristina Y Perry"
        <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

        Cc: "Janice L Mason" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>

        Sent: 9/23/2007 8:09 PM

        Subject: Media



        We're going to have a communications mtg Thursday afternoon when Persily gets here, to
        talk about Alaska media and to lead comm staff to know WHEN i have to respond to media,
        and when they can do the responding for me. The last couple of weeks has been out of
        control media requests and most all of them landed in my lap. We need to strategize on
        communications, so I must make time on thurs to do this. Then once things are laid out
        I'll hopefully be able to trust our Comm folks to take it from there... otherwise I'll
        continue to be bombarded with media and we'll continue to jump everytime they ask for an
        interview.



        I'll ask janice to sched and invite sharon and beth - even if beth is via telephone. If
        you want to participate, pls do - we all need to be on the same page with comm - and
        things have to change for the positive in that arena. Thanks

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one


                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0005369
