Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     MacKinnon , John S (DOT) (/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JSMACKINNON I]
          Sent:                      Sunday, September 23, 2007 3:37 PM
          To:                        Ruaro ; Randall P (GOV); Von Scheben ; Leo (DOT)
          Cc:                        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                   Re: Gravina / Process from here


          Randy,

          We presently have about $14 million in fed funds for the EIS and associated efforts, that
          culminated in a Record Of Decision (ROD) for a preferred alternative for the F1 alignment
          (the present $398 bridge) there is risk that if we do not re-open the ROD, in a proper
          manner, consistent with the NEPA requiremnets, and arrive at a new preferred alternative
          that we will carry out, that we have to repay the $14 million to the feds. There can be
          (and must be) good public input in this process.

          We need to take some control of this process (something we are loathe to do) and steer it
          toward an affordable and fiscally responsible alternative. if Williams and Whinestine
          think we have inflated the estimate for F1, let them pay for an estimate to refute ours.
          This whole project got blown out of control because no one would tell KTN "no"

          Our legal advice needs to come from FHWA, it is really their EIS, their process .....

          What I told the KTN press, (radio) is that we need to reopen the ROD, rexamine the
          alternatives and select a new, "fiscally responsible" alternative



          ----- Original Message -----

          From : Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT);          MacKinnon , John S (DOT)

          Cc: ExternalEmailgsp

          Sent :   Sun Sep 23 14:42:53 2007

          Subject: Gravina / Process from here



          Commissioner:




          The questions from many in Ketchikan are where do we go from here? Bridge supporters want
          a new EIS process and the chance to select a cheaper bridge alternative. But, a different
          informal process limited to discussions with the community on improved ferry access would
          be better in terms of focusing only on the ferry alternative and keeping the communities
          expectations down.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005394
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Can we hold on any public comments that DOT will definitely go back and re-open the EIS
          process (thereby getting the cheaper bridge supporters excited) until we get some legal
          advice from LAW on the issues?




          Perhaps the best comment from DOT until we get that legal advice is that DOT is reviewing
          its options for working with the community to get better access to Gravina as directed by
          the Governor.




          Randy




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0005395
