Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Sunday, September 23, 2007 2:36 PM
           To:                       Leschper; Beth (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                  Fw: Gravina / Editorial


           Please see below: I'm wondering if Lew's editorial can be submitted elsewhere (tho I
           haven't read it)



           ----- Original message -----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           To: 'govpalin@alaska.gov' <govpalin@alaska.gov>

           Sent: Sun Sep 23 14:33:39 2007

           Subject: Fw: Gravina / Editorial



           Beth/Sharon:

           I cant read all of his msg, but can this editorial be submitted to other publications? I'm
           sure some would print it

           ------Original Message------

          From: Randy Ruaro

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          To: Michael A Tibbles

          To: Russell T Kelly

          Cc: Sharon W Leighow

          Cc: Beth Leschper

          Cc: Michael A Nizich

          Sent: Sep 23, 2007 2:29 PM

          Subject: Gravina / Editorial



          Governor:

          Lew Williams Editorial and Senator Stedman and Representative Johansen' s Comments.

          The text of an editorial from Lew Williams that ran in the Ketchikan Daily News on
          September 22, 2007, has been copied and pasted into this e-mail. Lew is as pro-bridge as
          anyone in town.  His editorial not only fails to express surprise or shock at the
          Governor's decision it says Ketchikan should have expected it. Lew notes Commissioner Von
          Scheben told the Chamber that a ferry system was the alternative he preferred and then
          goes on to say:

          "The Assembly added options, including ferry service. ... The state has jumped on the
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005399
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          ferry service option. It would be surprising at this point for it to do anything else. ...
          Gov. Sarah Palin announced what DOT has been making clear for months: Ketchikan won't be
          getting the expensive bridge . ... Palin has directed DOT to find the most "fiscally
          responsible " option . Everyone knew from the start that would be ferry service."

          Some in Ketchikan like Mayor Weinstein or mayor Williams might dispute DOT's intent was
          "clear" because of some comments by Menzies about supporting a cheaper bridge, but I think
          Lew's editorial represents the view of most residents who support the bridge , upset, but
          not truly surprised.

          I think Kyle and Bert ' s comments about being surprised are more part of their overall
          upset feelings on the subject (much of which originates with 9 years of frustration of
          Knowles' DOT Commissioner and Murkowski being either ambivalent a




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005400
