Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From:      Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [joe.balash@alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Tuesday, September 25, 2007 3:41 PM
              To:        Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                         Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Smith; Lynne M (GOV);
                         PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored ); Katz; John W (GOV)
              Subject: RE: Agrium Announcement
             One point of clarification on the royalty-in-kind sale: DNR had conversations with Agrium--but also with
             others. If we are asked for comment on this, we need to be careful how we describe those
             conversations. It is not accurate to say we were only targeting Agrium, but we were doing the homework
             for a sale that could have made incremental (additional) supply available . But it would not have been a
             sale strictly for Agrium.


             From. Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
             Sent: Tue 9/25/2007 2:13 PM
             To: govpalin @alaska.gov
             Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR);
             Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Smith, Lynne M (GOV);
             sr.parnell@alaska .gov; Katz, John W (GOV)
             Subject: Agrium Announcement

             Governor:

             I just received a call from Lisa Parker at Agrium to inform you of their decision to shut down the Kenai
             plant. They will be laying off more than 100 employees . They are already in contact with the Department
             of Labor and will be applying for assistance under the Trade Adjustment Act.

             The shut-down may not be permanent. They simply do not have enough gas under contract for 2008 and
             do not expect to have sufficient supply for 2009 and beyond, either. If the Secretary of Energy denies the
             application for exports by Conoco Phillips and Marathon at the Nikiski LNG plant, Agrium hopes to be
             able to move in swiftly and work out supply contracts for 2009 and beyond. Lisa reports that Sen.
             Murkowski is meeting with Secretary Bodman to get a sense of what's in store for the Cook Inlet.

            This is not a surprise. We had been in contact with Agrium since July about their view of the supply
            situation. Initially, they were optimistic about their ability to secure long term (2009 and beyond) supplies.
            Over the past couple of months , they have become less and less certain , leading to the decision today to
            shut down . Up until last week , the Division of Oil and Gas was doing the necessary homework to put
            together a royalty -in-kind sale that would have targeted Agrium as a buyer.

            As for the future of Agrium in Alaska, they intend to make a decision by the end of the year on whether to
            proceed to the next phase of their coal gas plant. A positive decision there would lead to detailed
            engineering and design work and would cost a considerable amount, but would not be a decision to
            proceed with the construction of the project.

            These are quality jobs with pretty high wages for the employees who work at the facility.    It is a shame to
            lose those jobs, and the economy of the Kenai Peninsula will certainly take a hit.

            Please let me know if you need any further information.

            Joe




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0005466
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Re: Wolf Advertisement and NPR-A                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From:     Palin
              Sent:     Tuesday, September 25, 2007 6:44 AM
             To:        Denby S (DFG) Lloyd; Michael A (GOV) Nizich; Michael A (GOV) Tibbles; John Katz; gov.sarah
              Cc:       Beth (GOV) Leschper; Joseph R (GOV) Balash ; Kristina Y (GOV) Perry; Richard A (DNR) Lefebvre;
                        Sharon W (GOV) Leighow; Tom E (DNR) Irwin; Larry Persily; Sam Bishop
             Subject: Re: Wolf Advertisement and NPR-A
             Amen lets respnse
             ------Original Message------
             From: John Katz
             To: Denby Lloyd
             To: Michael Tibbles
             To: Mike Nizich
             To: Governor Sarah Palin
             Cc: Beth Leschper
             Cc: Dick Lefebvre
             Cc: Tom Irwin
             Cc: Larry Persily
             Cc: Sam Bishop
             Cc: Joseph Balash
             Cc: Kris Perry
             Cc: Sharon Leighow
             Sent: Sep 25, 2007 5:48 AM
             Subject: Wolf Advertisement and NPR-A

             The attached ad appeared in today's edition of Congress Daily.A = Miller's press conference is this afternoon, and
             we will cover it.A = As of this writing, the actual legislation is not available.A
             A
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            A
            More to come.A
            A
            P.S.
            On an unrelated matter, a member of the House of Representatives is = seeking support for a letter to Secretary
            Kempthorne recommending no = leasing around Teshekpuk LakeA in NPR -A.A Given the lack of = industry
            interest and unpromising seismic data for lands north of the = lake, there may be a win - win compromise - that is, no
            leasing north but = further leasing in the south .A The BLM appears headed in this = direction.
            A
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005467
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    the first time in Alaska history - a competitive process for all
                    interested and qualified applicants to step forward and
                    propose the best plan, route , economic plan , and timing, to
                    receive Alaska ' s exclusive license to build the line.

                    Alaska is taking the unprecedented step of offering $500
                    million in state matching funds to mitigate exposure during
                    the riskiest phase of the project , that period leading up to
                    project certification by the either the Federal Energy
                    Regulatory Commission or another authorized regulatory
                    body.
                    Our inducements to those who will build the pipeline are
                    valuable , and will encourage companies to compete. For a
                    chance to compete for the inducement package, applicants
                    must agree to certain bedrock requirements, such as
                    delineated and enforceable project benchmarks and
                    acknowledgement of pipeline rate treatment that allows for
                    affordable economic expansion.

                    These terms will ensure competitive and long-term
                    exploration and MORE development on Alaska's North
                    Slope . The pipeline must be expandable to accommodate
                    the new discoveries of any explorers , to ensure that North
                    Slope gas energizes our nation for generations..

                    We also offer inducements to those who hold the leases and
                    control the gas , to ensure that the current leaseholders
                    commit their gas to the licensed project.

                    We are hearing very encouraging comments from potential
                    pipeline applicants , producers , or explorers . And the
                    message is clear - they want to do business in Alaska!

                     (pause)




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005473
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     We've been talking about Alaskan resource development.
                     But let' s examine WHY this so important to our nation. Why
                     is it so important to YOU.

                      FIRST, development and commercialization of domestic
                      energy sources will provide substantial and immediate
                      consumer impact in the United States.

                     The introduction of a considerable volume of incremental
                     supply to the North American market will provide BILLIONS
                     of dollars in energy cost savings to American homes and
                     businesses . It is estimated that a 4.5 billion cubic foot
                     Alaskan gas pipeline could save Americans $ 100 BILLION
                     over the first five years of the project.

                      SECOND , Alaska ' s gas will enhance national security by
                      easing America ' s dependence on energy sourced from
                      unstable regions of the world.

                     America ' s dependence on foreign oil is well -known . Oil-rich
                     governments possess great global leverage given their
                     ability to threaten a cutoff of supplies . Our dependence on
                     foreign oil also forces a transfer hundreds of billions of
                     dollars annually to unaccountable regimes , which often pose
                     security risks to the U .S. And , as finite oil reserves dwindle,
                     those still heavily reliant upon it will be drawn into conflict.

                      The problem is not limited to oil . America is becoming
                      dependent on foreign sources of natural gas, much of it from
                      the Middle East. The same region of the world that has
                      provided much of our oil supply is now increasing its natural
                      gas production. Let's be clear - development of Alaska's
                      natural gas is a vital national interest.




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0005474
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      THIRD, the project will be environmentally -friendly . A natural
                      gas pipeline can easily use many existing oil pipeline
                      corridors , infrastructure and roads . This reduces
                      environmental impacts by minimizing the footprint . Moreover,
                      while renewables are an increasingly important part of our
                      supply , the reality is that our nation will continue to need
                      fossil fuels as part of its energy portfolio for years to come.
                      Natural gas is the cleanest of all fossil fuels , and will help
                      bridge our nation's transition to increased reliance on
                      renewable energy sources.

                      (pause)

                     Climate change will affect how we produce oil and gas in
                     Alaska . Last week I created Alaska 's first sub-cabinet to
                     prepare a climate change strategy for the state . There is no
                     doubt that Alaska 's climate is changing. And we are already
                     seeing the effects -- coastal erosion, thawing permafrost,
                     retreating sea ice and record forest fires that affect our
                     communities and our infrastructure.

                     Scientists tell us to expect many more changes in the near
                     future . These are changes we must prepare for now , as they
                     will also affect our ability to access our non -renewable
                     resources. And to ensure that we diversify our energy future,
                     my administration's Climate Change Sub-Cabinet will be
                     looking at ways to develop , promote and expand renewable
                     energy resources such as geothermal , wind, hydroelectric,
                     tidal and in-stream energy.

                     (pause)

                     Alaska stands ready to provide domestic energy to
                     consumers , to enhance our national security , and to do so in




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005475
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     the same responsible manner that we have developed our
                     resources for a half-century.

                     But Alaska IS more than oil and gas.

                     We have some of the most beautiful countryside , fabulous
                     wildlife viewing and high-adventure recreation in the country.

                     Come see for yourself at IOGCC' s May 2009 mid-year
                     meeting . It's scheduled for Anchorage, but I invite you to
                     come see ALL of Alaska , from our rainforests in the
                     southeast , to the proud fishing villages in the west, to the
                     harsh and industrious tundra up north , to the land of the
                     midnight sun in the interior.

                     We are the Last Frontier and despite the weather 's chill,
                     you'll receive the warmest of welcomes in Alaska!




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0005476
