Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, September 24, 200710:00 AM
          To:                       Leschper; Beth (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR)
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: final copy of IOGCC speech


          It's not electronic. It's a hard copy and im getting on airplane so cant fax. Pls ask
          Bruce to email that almost-final that he's got on email




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Leschper, Beth (GOV)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Mon Sep 24 09:30:51 2007

          Subject: final copy of IOGCC speech



          Can you forward me a final copy of your IOGCC speech so that the IOGCC staff can use it
          for a release about his morning's conference?



          They won't focus entirely on the speech, but will include other business (such as the
          MOU).




          They are working on deadline now.




          Beth Leschper



          Deputy Communications Director



          Office of the Governor



          State of Alaska



                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               U.S. Chamber Members Save with FedEx                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From :     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Monday, September 24, 2007 1:32 PM
               To:        Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: U.S. Chamber Members Save with FedEx



               From: membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
               Sent: Monday, September 24, 2007 12:02 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject : U.S. Chamber Members Save with FedEx




                       or U.S. Chamber of Commerce

                  FEDEX CAN HELP YOUR SMALL BUSINESS SUCCEED




                                          Thanks to your U.S. Chamber member discounts, you save on business expenses
                 you incur every day, such as shipping packages and creating documents and marketing materials.
                 Whether you're shipping documents or packages , in the U .S. or around the world , FedEx has a reliable
                 solution to meet your needs.
                 You save up to 20% on select FedEx Express® services and up to 12% on select FedEx Ground® services.
                 FedEx offers exceptional reliability and expertise and their competitive pricing and flexible shipping options can
                 help improve your bottom line and help you stay competitive.
                 New! You save 15% on select business services at FedEx Kinko's Office and Print Centers®.
                 Whether you need to create a trade show poster, employee training manual or professional sales presentation,
                 FedEx Kinko's has a solution to meet your needs and a price to meet your budget.
                 Take full advantage of your U.S. Chamber membership benefits-enroll today!

                      · Call 1-800-345-6227 for more details or
                      · Click here and use passcode L9V7WC06.
                 Start saving today!




                 If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject line,
                 or click here. To simply change your e -mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on your
                 Subscription Management Page . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed . For more
                 information about U . S. Chamber member benefits, call our dedicated customer service line at 1 -800-638-6582.




                                               The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the world's largest business federation, representing

                                               3 million businesses and organizations of every size , sector, and region.
                                  410/
                                    1.


                                         U.S. Chamber of Commerce 11615 H Street , N.W. I Washington , D.C. 20062-2000
                                                                   www,uschamber.com




               11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0005468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      value of undeveloped onshore and offshore reserves. The
                      unit operators expect to drill this winter , with the expectation
                      of producing tens of millions of barrels.

                      Alaska produces about 15 percent of the country 's domestic
                      oil. While TAPS at its peak in 1988 was pumping 2 million
                      barrels a day through the line , today it moves approximately
                      700,000 barrels per day.

                      We have successfully unlocked vast resources within our
                      state and are working to do so responsibly off its shores. And
                      unlock them we must. We can no longer warehouse Alaska's
                      resources - Alaskans can't afford it, Americans can't afford
                      it.
                      (pause)

                     We learned a lesson with U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
                     We must ensure that we don't walk into the same trap with
                     natural gas.

                     Developing Alaska's North Slope basin will allow access to
                     an abundant supply of natural gas, with known reserves of
                     more than 35 trillion cubic feet, or T-C-F, and potential
                     reserves of much, much more.

                     Building a gas pipeline is critical not just for Alaska's future,
                     it's also an essential component of our nation's energy
                     policy. The same foreign powers that control the world's oil
                     supply are beginning to control the supply of natural gas.
                     Alaska stands ready and able to supply our fellow Americans
                     with an abundant, cheap clean source of energy for the
                     future.

                     Today Alaska is poised to deliver on a natural gas pipeline.
                     We recently enacted legislation that has commenced - for




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005472
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          907-465-3443




          907-723-1321




                                                         2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0005479
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      IOGCC (Monday, Sept. 24)

                      Time-length : About 12-15 minutes right before the 10:15
                      a.m. break (Incoming IOGCC Chair, Texas Gov. Rick Perry,
                      just before you on the schedule)


                      It's great to be in Louisiana , a big oil and gas producing state
                      - like Alaska!

                      I'm happy to be back with the representatives from so many
                      states here at this meeting of the Interstate Oil and Gas
                      Compact Commission.

                     Some of you may remember that I served as head of the
                     Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission . Alaskans
                     recognized the importance of regulation before we even had
                     a viable oil and gas industry - AOGCC was created in 1955
                     - four years before we became a state!

                     The work done by IOGCC and the state regulatory bodies
                     ensures oil and natural gas resource recovery while
                     protecting our nation's health , safety and environment. That
                     is our commitment to the nation - so that all Americans will
                     have confidence in our efforts to reduce American's
                     dependence on foreign oil.

                     Alaska will play an increasingly important role in oil and gas
                     production within the United States . We've developed only a
                     fraction of our known reserves , and have many times this
                     known amount awaiting discovery and commercialization.
                     Out of at least 20 major offshore basins and onshore regions
                     with oil and gas potential , only 2 Alaskan basins have been
                     under development.




                                                                                                    P RA_GS P01 _0005480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      That's why what we're doing in Alaska is so important to the
                      nation's future. Most importantly, we are underway - for the
                      first time in state history - with a viable plan toward
                      constructing an Alaska gas pipeline.

                      Before we look to the future, let's look back 30 years. On
                      June 20, 1977, Alaskan oil first began flowing from Prudhoe
                      Bay through the Trans Alaska Pipeline System - or "TAPS" -
                      and onward to the nation and the world.

                     TAPS was an engineering marvel . The 800-mile-long
                     pipeline is one of the largest pipeline systems in the world. It
                     stretches from Prudhoe Bay through three mountain ranges
                     to Valdez, the northernmost ice-free port in North America.
                     TAPS forever changed the Alaskan economy . And more
                     importantly , the energy landscape of the nation . TAPS has
                     transported more than 15 billion barrels of oil.

                     TAPS has proven to be a huge blessing to the nation . It also
                     has been a challenge - to be good stewards of our non-
                     renewable natural resources.

                     Alaska is home to one of the most prolific and diverse
                     resource bases in the world. Given the blessing of a huge
                     state with plenty of space, we are able to actively develop
                     our resources and promote our nation's economy while at
                     the same time, ensuring that our abundant wildlife and
                     habitat resources are protected for future generations.

                     We will continue to work closely with the oil and gas industry
                     to develop new leases, both onshore and offshore. For
                     example, new exploration companies are developing three
                     outstanding offshore prospects northwest of the Kuparuk
                     River Unit. These companies recognize the tremendous
                     value of undeveloped onshore and offshore reserves. The




                                                                                                    PRA GSP0I_0005481
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     unit operators expect to drill this winter , with the expectation
                     of producing tens of millions of barrels.

                     Alaska produces about 15 percent of the country 's domestic
                     oil. While TAPS at its peak in 1988 was pumping 2 million
                     barrels a day through the line, today it moves approximately
                     700,000 barrels per day.

                     We have successfully unlocked vast resources within our
                     state and are working to do so responsibly off its shores. And
                     unlock them we must. We can no longer warehouse Alaska's
                     resources - Alaskans can't afford it, Americans can't afford
                     it.
                     (pause)
                     We learned a lesson with U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
                     We must ensure that we don 't walk into the same trap with
                     natural gas.

                     Developing Alaska ' s North Slope basin will allow access to
                     an abundant supply of natural gas, with known reserves of
                     more than 35 trillion cubic feet, or T-C-F, and potential
                     reserves of much , much more.
                     Building a gas pipeline is critical not just for Alaska's future,
                     it's also an essential component of our nation's energy
                     policy. The same foreign powers that control the world's oil
                     supply are beginning to control the supply of natural gas.
                     Alaska stands ready and able to supply our fellow Americans
                     with an abundant, cheap clean source of energy for the
                     future.
                     Today Alaska is poised to deliver on a natural gas pipeline.
                     We recently enacted legislation that has commenced - for
                     the first time in Alaska history - a competitive process for all




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0005482
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     interested and qualified applicants to step forward and
                     propose the best plan , route , economic plan, and timing, to
                     receive Alaska's exclusive license to build the line.

                     Alaska is taking the unprecedented step of offering $500
                     million in state matching funds to mitigate exposure during
                     the riskiest phase of the project , that period leading up to
                     project certification by the either the Federal Energy
                     Regulatory Commission or another authorized regulatory
                     body.

                     Our inducements to those who will build the pipeline are
                     valuable , and will encourage companies to compete. For a
                     chance to compete for the inducement package , applicants
                     must agree to certain bedrock requirements, such as
                     delineated and enforceable project benchmarks and
                     acknowledgement of pipeline rate treatment that allows for
                     affordable economic expansion.

                    These terms will ensure competitive and long-term
                    exploration and MORE development on Alaska's North
                    Slope. The pipeline must be expandable to accommodate
                    the new discoveries of any explorers , to ensure that North
                    Slope gas energizes our nation for generations..

                    We also offer inducements to those who hold the leases and
                    control the gas, to ensure that the current leaseholders
                    commit their gas to the licensed project.

                    We are hearing very encouraging comments from potential
                    pipeline applicants , producers, or explorers . And the
                    message is clear - they want to do business in Alaska!

                    (pause)




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0005483
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     We've been talking about Alaskan resource development.
                     But let's examine WHY this so important to our nation. Why
                     is it so important to YOU.

                     FIRST, development and commercialization of domestic
                     energy sources will provide substantial and immediate
                     consumer impact in the United States.

                     The introduction of a considerable volume of incremental
                     supply to the North American market will provide BILLIONS
                     of dollars in energy cost savings to American homes and
                     businesses. It is estimated that a 4.5 billion cubic foot
                     Alaskan gas pipeline could save Americans $100 BILLION
                     over the first five years of the project.

                     SECOND, Alaska' s gas will enhance national security by
                     easing America's dependence on energy sourced from
                     unstable regions of the world.

                     America' s dependence on foreign oil is well -known . Oil-rich
                     governments possess great global leverage given their
                     ability to threaten a cutoff of supplies . Our dependence on
                     foreign oil also forces a transfer hundreds of billions of
                     dollars annually to unaccountable regimes , which often pose
                     security risks to the U .S. And, as finite oil reserves dwindle,
                     those still heavily reliant upon it will be drawn into conflict.

                     The problem is not limited to oil. America is becoming
                     dependent on foreign sources of natural gas , much of it from
                     the Middle East. The same region of the world that has
                     provided much of our oil supply is now increasing its natural
                     gas production. Let's be clear - development of Alaska's
                     natural gas is a vital national interest.




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005484
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     THIRD, the project will be environmentally-friendly. A natural
                     gas pipeline can easily use many existing oil pipeline
                     corridors, infrastructure and roads. This reduces
                     environmental impacts by minimizing the footprint. Moreover,
                     while renewables are an increasingly important part of our
                     supply, the reality is that our nation will continue to need
                     fossil fuels as part of its energy portfolio for years to come.
                     Natural gas is the cleanest of all fossil fuels, and will help
                     bridge our nation's transition to increased reliance on
                     renewable energy sources.

                     (pause)

                     Climate change will affect how we produce oil and gas in
                     Alaska. Last week I created Alaska's first sub-cabinet to
                     prepare a climate change strategy for the state. There is no
                     doubt that Alaska's climate is changing. And we are already
                     seeing the effects -- coastal erosion, thawing permafrost,
                     retreating sea ice and record forest fires that affect our
                     communities and our infrastructure.

                     Scientists tell us to expect many more changes in the near
                     future. These are changes we must prepare for now, as they
                     will also affect our ability to access our non-renewable
                     resources. And to ensure that we diversify our energy future,
                     my administration's Climate Change Sub-Cabinet will be
                     looking at ways to develop, promote and expand renewable
                     energy resources such as geothermal, wind, hydroelectric,
                     tidal and in-stream energy.

                     (pause)

                     Alaska stands ready to provide domestic energy to
                     consumers, to enhance our national security, and to do so in




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0005485
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      the same responsible manner that we have developed our
                      resources for a half-century.

                       But Alaska IS more than oil and gas.

                      We have some of the most beautiful countryside , fabulous
                      wildlife viewing and high-adventure recreation in the country.

                      Come see for yourself at IOGCC' s May 2009 mid-year
                      meeting . It's scheduled for Anchorage , but I invite you to
                      come see ALL of Alaska , from our rainforests in the
                      southeast , to the proud fishing villages in the west, to the
                      harsh and industrious tundra up north , to the land of the
                      midnight sun in the interior.

                      We are the Last Frontier - and despite the weather's chill,
                      you'll receive the warmest of welcomes in Alaska!




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP0I_0005486
