Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                      Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [ govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Monday , September 24, 2007 7:36 AM
          To:                        Katz; John W (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Cc:                        Leschper; Beth (GOV); Bishop ; Samuel T (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A
                                     (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp
          Subject:                   Re: Aerial Wolf Hunting/Congressman Miller

         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          ------Original Message------

          From: John Katz

          To: Denby Lloyd

          To: Mike Nizich

          Cc: Beth Leschper

          Cc: Sam Bishop

          Cc: Kris Perry

          Cc: Michael Tibbles

         Cc: Sharon Leighow

         Cc: Governor Sarah Palin

         Sent: Sep 24, 2007 6:20 AM

         Subject: Aerial Wolf Hunting/Congressman Miller


      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         More to come on the press conference and the legislation.


                                                                  1




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0005509
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         CQ TODAY

         Sept. 23, 2007 - 9:40 p.m.

         Call of the Wild: No Food on the Terrace, Please, When an Unusual Guest Visits Capitol
         Hill

         By Michael Sandler, CQ Staff

         The House may, at times, feel like a den of wolves. But now Rep. George Miller, the
         chairman of the House Education and Labor Committee, believes the chamber needs a visit
         from the real thing.

         The California Democrat has arranged to have a three-year-old Arctic grey wolf join him at
         a news conference Tuesday on the Cannon Building terrace to promote legislation that would
         restrict the aerial hunting of wolves in Alaska.

         An estimated 671 wolves have been killed by aerial hunting since 2003, according to
         Miller's office.

         Supporters of aerial wolf hunting say it helps maintain populations of moose and other big
         game for indigenous subsistence hunters. Opponents say it's about tourism and protecting
         Alaska's multimillion-dollar big-game hunting industry.

         All would-be wolves from both parties are welcome to join Atka, the real-life predator, at
         the news conference - under one condition.

         "No food is allowed on the terrace when the wolf is present," Miller's office made clear
         in a news release about the event.

         Source : CQ Today




         Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
         <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org> jwkatz@alaskadc.org.  Thank you .




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0005510
