Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From:    John Katz (jwkatz@ 4LASKADC.org]
               Sent:    Monday, September 24, 2007 8:02 AM
               To:      Kris Perry; Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:      Allison Nyholm; Anna Kim; Michael Tibbles; Karleen Jackson
              Subject: SCHIP Follow-Up

             Allison reports that staff to the Republican Governors are recommending that
             nothing be done on SCHIP for the moment. The compromise bill will be available for
             the first time this afternoon and should be studied first. There will be another
             meeting of Republican staffers tomorrow to determine if there is a consensus on how
             to proceed.

             There is currently no consensus among the Republican Governors. The Governors
             of California and Utah would like to communicate their support for the compromise
             immediately. Other Governors are not quite so sure, wanting to see how the
             compromise affects their individual states or desiring to support the Bush
             administration.

             I am quite certain that there will be some sort of reauthorization even if it's only a
             two sentence extender attached to some other bill.

             We will apprise you of further developments among the Governors and on Capitol
             Hill. Allison, please feel free to add to this summary.


             Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
            ,jwkatzna,alaskadc.org. Thank you.




            8/24/2009

                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0005540
