Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 1



              Unknown

               From:    John Katz fwkatz©4LASKADC.org]
              Sent :    Monday, September 24, 2007 5:47 AM
              To:       Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:       Sam Bishop; Cora Crome
              Subject: Law of the Sea/US Territorial Claims

             I promised to keep you updated on developments concerning the Convention on the
             Law of the Sea and US territorial claims . Below is a brief summary of the current
             situation.

             Hopefully, territorial assertions by Russia, Canada, etc will provide additional
             impetus for Senate ratification of the Convention.


             Arctic melting is spurring a new move to ratify the Law of the Sea treaty ...
                The U.N. Law of the Sea Treaty gets a new airing in the Senate this week, more
             than three years after it was stalled by conservative opposition and 13 years after it
             was submitted to the Senate by President Clinton.
                The Foreign Relations Committee is to hear high officials of the State and
             Defense departments testify that it is in the United States' interest to join 155
             nations in ratifying the accord.
                The treaty sets out detailed rules on the extent of territorial waters and includes
             seabed mining dispute resolution provisions.
                Treaty backers say that with melting ice sparking conflicting claims over Arctic
             waters and the seabed beneath them, the United States must be a party to the
             treaty to press its own claims.
                Treaty opponents say it would infringe on U.S. sovereignty. CQ Green Sheets


            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwkata"askadc.org. Thank you.




            8/26/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0005541
