Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah @yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Tuesday, September 25, 2007 7:41 PM
         To:                       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
         Cc:                       Todd; Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Leighow;
                                   Sharon W (GOV)
         Subject:                  Re: October - JNU Dinner/Game


         Who's Juneau playing? Dinner on friday sounds good. ATIA speech should be short and sweet
         - we've disagreed on cruise taxes and they're not super fond of our admin (but we can talk
         about attracting tourists and changing our image).



         HUB sounds good. We "ll do the letter.



         We also still need to sched NEA leaders who've been asking for mtg.

         Sent.from my BlackBerry® device from cellular one



         -----Original Message-----

         From :   " Mason, Janice L (GOV)" < janice . mason@alaska.gov>



         Date: Tue, 25 Sep 2007 19:03:50

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Cc:Todd Palin <fek9wnr@yahoo.com>,"Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)"
         <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>,"Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Subject: October - JNU Dinner/Game




        Governor - I spoke with the Juneau Football Coach - Bill Chalmers this afternoon. Mr.
        Chalmers would like you and the family to be the "Honorary Coaches" for the Saturday
        evening 8:00 pm. play off game. You would all be recognized and be able to stand at the
        side lines with the coaches. Mr. Chalmers also asked if the dinner could be Friday night
        instead of Thursday.   We would like to bring you down on Thursday so that you could speak
        to the Alaska Travel Industry Association Annual Convention. I am asking for an afternoon
        speaking time.   This includes 500 Tourism Leaders throughout the state. Friday would be
        meetings here in the Juneau office with the football dinner that evening from 7:30 p.m. -
        8:30 p.m. at the Mansion. Saturday would be the play-off game. Then Sunday you would
        travel back to Anchorage on morning or afternoon flight. Another family consideration for
        Juneau would be to view the HUB youth center. Pastor Rose is asking for a letter of
        endorsement for the HUB project, to be used in their fund raising efforts. (We have one
        drafted for you).   Thank you for your consideration, Janice




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005562
