Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                      Patin , Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Tuesday, September 25, 2007 5:00 PM
          To;                        Frye; Ivy J (DOA)
          Subject:                   Re: Sven Haakanson


          Right on !     You picked a good one.

          ------Original Message------

          From :   Ivy Frye

         To: Bailey ,     Frank T (GOV)

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Sent :    Sep 25 ,   2007 9:33 AM

         Subject : Sven Haakanson



         Good morning,

         Saw this in the clip and wanted to pass it on to you guys . Sven serves on the Arts
         Council and received the MacArthur Fellows award . The article is below.



         Alutiiq anthropologist honored as a MacArthur 'genius'

          Award comes with $500,000 for Haakanson

          By MIKE DUNHAM

          mdunhameadn.com

           (Published: September 25, 2007)

         An Alaska Native anthropologist from the Kodiak island village of Old Harbor has received
         one of the most prestigious -- and lucrative -- awards for intellectual achievement in
         America . Sven Haakanson , 41, is among 24 new MacArthur Fellows announced Monday.

         A press release from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation ' s Fellows Program
         called Haakanson " the driving force behind the revitalization of indigenous language,
         culture and customs in an isolated region of North America ." It also mentioned his
         artistic accomplishments as a mask carver and photographer.

         The so-called " Genius Award " comes with a f $500,000 grant that recipients may spend as
         they see fit . The selection process is famed for its secrecy and candidates usually have
         no clue that they are under consideration.

         Haakanson learned of the award in a crack - of-dawn phone call on Monday of last week/ "They
         woke me up at 6 : 30 in the morning ," he told the Daily News . " Anybody calling you that
         early , you think : Is this a joke?"

         When he realized the caller was serious ,            he felt humbled ,     he said .   " To have someone even
         nominate me is wonderful."

         Then the caller informed him tha



                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0005565
