Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [joe.balash@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Tuesday, September 25, 2007 2:14 PM
              To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Cc:       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                        Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Smith; Lynne M (GOV);
                        PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored); Katz; John W (GOV)
             Subject: Agrium Announcement
             Governor.

             I just received a call from Lisa Parker at Agrium to inform you of their decision to shut down the Kenai
             plant. They will be laying off more than 100 employees . They are already in contact with the Department
             of Labor and will be applying for assistance under the Trade Adjustment Act.

             The shut-down may not be permanent . They simply do not have enough gas under contract for 2008 and
             do not expect to have sufficient supply for 2009 and beyond, either . If the Secretary of Energy denies the
             application for exports by Conoco Phillips and Marathon at the Nikiski LNG plant , Agrium hopes to be
             able to move in swiftly and work out supply contracts for 2009 and beyond . Lisa reports that Sen.
             Murkowski is meeting with Secretary Bodman to get a sense of what's in store for the Cook Inlet.

             This is not a surprise . We had been in contact with Agrium since July about their view of the supply
             situation . Initially, they were optimistic about their ability to secure long term (2009 and beyond ) supplies.
             Over the past couple of months, they have become less and less certain , leading to the decision today to
             shut down . Up until last week , the Division of Oil and Gas was doing the necessary homework to put
             together a royalty-in -kind sale that would have targeted Agrium as a buyer.

            As for the future of Agrium in Alaska , they intend to make a decision by the end of the year on whether to
            proceed to the next phase of their coal gas plant. A positive decision there would lead to detailed
            engineering and design work and would cost a considerable amount , but would not be a decision to
            proceed with the construction of the project.

            These are quality jobs with pretty high wages for the employees who work at the facility. It is a shame to
            lose those jobs, and the economy of the Kenai Peninsula will certainly take a hit.

            Please let me know if you need any further information.

            Joe




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0005572
