Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 1:45 PM
          To:                       one6puck@hotmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Legal-and-lawsuits


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Saturday, September 22, 2007 10:12 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Legal-and-lawsuits



          Web mail from: Mr. raul canete

          address: 718 thorshiem street kodiak AK 99615

           9074860952



         MESSAGE:

         hello governor,rnrnrn          my name is raul canete. i am with the alaska air national
         guard. this is my situation: at the end of september, my tour of duty at elmendorf ended.
         went back to kodiak to look for a job. in the middle of october, i got a job and the
         company know that i was a member of the alaska air national guard and that at anytime i
         could be called back for duty. they hired me anyway..i was working in kodiak as a
         security guard at the coast guard base gate. in middle of november i got an email and a
         call, to report back on duty at elmendorf on the first week of december. i notified my
         boss and give him the information and a copy of my orders. prior of me leaving, my boss
         tells me that when i go back to kodiak after my orders is done that i will not have a job
         unless it is open...i got back in kodiak on june 20 and reported to work on the 21st of
         june, to see if i do have a job. he (keith wagner) give me my job but as a part-time fill
         in position, 24hours a week. i

         told him don't i get my full-time position back. he said NO. because i only work 24 hours
         a week which is not enough to pay my bills and needs, i had to look for a back up job that
         would cover the rest of my hours (6am - 10am)(11am - 6pm). in the 2nd week of august, i
         finally got a job working at 11am to whenever is done. on august 16, keith wagner demands
         that i would take the full time job since the other person got fired last night. i said i
         have to give notice to my other job before i can accept the full time. keith wagner said
         that either i take the offer or leave. i said to him, i have to give notice to my other
         job. keith said will if you can't take the job then you can leave. the first few days of
         september, the big boss, bob hough called me in to have a meeting with him. i went to that
         meeting, there was bob hough, rick watters (?) and me. bob apologize for how i was
         treated and offered me a job with the union. i respond back, your going to give me a full
         time job with the
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0005609
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         union but are you going to give me my clal

         im of loss wages . bob hough said no and if you want to sue the company then your not
         getting the job and your not going to win because were right ...rn anyway, if you can help
         me of getting my job and my loss wages UNDER THE USEERA LAW .  the company is kodiak
         support service under the inuit or the bering strait .. the union is the teamster. the
         company has a federal contract with the coast guard base.rnrn
         thank you , rn         rn                                      raul



         one6puck@hotmail.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0005610
