Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Wednesday, September 26, 2007 1:39 PM
         To:                        robert.woodv@us.army.mil
         Subject:                   RE: Military_and Veterans_Affairs


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need , suggestion , or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail @gov.state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov. state .ak.us]

         Sent :   Saturday,   September 22, 2007 3:06 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

         Subject : Military_ and_Veterans_Affairs



         Web mail from : Mr. Robert Wood

         address : HHT 1 - 40th Cav ,   Unit #42510 APO AE OS 09361




         MESSAGE:

         Mrs. Palin , rnrnrnFirst off I would like to say my wife and I voted for you and think you
         are doing a great job !   Thank you for all the support you have given the military in
         Alaska . rnrnI would like to ask a favor of you.rnrnIn Feb 2005 I was stationed in
         Friedberg, Germany with 1-37th Armor Battalion .   My wife and I were selected by my chain
         of command to meet President Bush and his wife Laura when they greeted the troops at
         Wiesbaden Army Airfield , Germany .  After meeting them our picture was taken by a White
         House photographer and we were told a copy would be sent to my unit for us .     This never
         happened and we ended up leaving Germany in July 2005 and being stationed back in Fort
         Richardson , Alaksa .  rnrnI have emailed the White House and the PAO office in Germany. I
         was wondering if you can assist us in getting a copy of this picture .     It would mean a lot
         to my wife Kimberly and I . rnrnThank you for your time , rnrnSSG Robert Wood



         robert . woodv@us.army.mil




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_ 0005611
