Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOY sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 1:29 PM
           To:                       koryseal@gmail.com
           Subject:                  RE: Environment


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Sunday, September 23, 2007 2:10 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Environment



          Web mail from: Mr. kory seal

          address : 1236 amherst Ave. Los Angeles CA 90025

           805 (304-0695



          MESSAGE:

          Hello! My name is Kory Seal and I moved in with my mom out here in Los Angeles from a Los
          Angeles suburb Simi Valley a few months back. I really dislike it here and I plan to start
          college in January. I really want to move to Alaska because I LOVE nature and the cold
          weather. I think it would be the perfect place for me but I have no idea where in Alaska
          would be best for me. If you could please get back to me and maybe tell me where you think
          the best cities are in Alaska and maybe some things about the State I would really
          appreciate it. Thanks for the time, regards Kory Seal



         koryseal@gmail.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005612
