Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 10:54 AM
          To:                       sammievong@hotmall.com
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2007 1:05 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Samantha Vongprachanh

          address : PO Box 202852 Anchorage AK 99520

           907-562-0446



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,rnrnI am very pleased that you are our Governor for the State of Alaska and
          would love to see you as President soon. My real issue here today is about racism in
          Alaska. There seem to be a growth in minorities but they get treated unfairly. I just want
          to know why and is there a way to change all that some day because America is for one the
          land of opportunity. Why are Native Americans so cruel to other races besides their own?
          Governor is it true that Alaska is their land and they have more rights then any other
          ethnicity? Why should just being a Native American you get more perks then others? How
          about just being an American period and that Alaska is one of the 50th state of the U.S.
          so evryone can be treated fairly and get the same guidelines no matter your race?
          rnGovernor I thank you very much for your time and know it's valueable with all the hard
          work your doing. Please be our Governor for many years to come.rnrnSincerely,rnSamantha



          sammievongchotmail.com

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005628
