Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 11:02 AM
           To:                       tim2point0©gmail.com
           Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2007 12:21 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Timothy Kuklis

          address: 9708 Dinaaka Drive Eagle River AK 99577

            907-694-3136



          MESSAGE:

          Dearest Governor Palin,rnrn      I was looking over my options for the furture, and
          without a doubt plan to serve in the United States Army. However, I would like to join as
          an officer, and after looking up more information, I would like nothing more than to
          attend the Unites States Military Acadamy at West Point. I understand that it is possible
          to obtain Governor's appointment to the military acadamies, and was wondering how I can go
          about recieving such an appointment from you. I am a senior at Eagle River High School in
          Eagle River, and am an AFJROTC Cadet. I hope that I can hear back from you on this issue,
          as this is my entire future that I am planning for. Thank you for your time.rnrn
          Timothy Kuklis



          tim2pointO@gmail.com

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0005627
