Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska,govj
           Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 9:06 AM
           To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                  Re: Agrium


           Lets get it out today



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Wed Sep 26 09:02 :26 2007

           Subject: RE: Agrium



           I will work with communications folks on Agrium and get a draft to you. I talked to Dept
           of Labor late yesterday about their efforts to assist. They are sending a response team
           Thursday to help with unemployment insurance, job training, locating other positions, etc.
           I would like to include what the state is doing to help. I talked to Mayor Williams and
           Tim Navarre also late yesterday and they are disappointed that Agrium is taking the
           approach that if the LNG plant extension fails, they may come back. The Mayor would like
           to discuss Cook Inlet Supply issues. I will touch base with Joe right away and discuss
           the opportunity to include in our release an intention to pull together the tri-mayors in
           a discussion on cook inlet supply and how we can meet the needs of our residents.



          Mike



           -----Original Message-----                           ^

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2007 8:51 AM

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)

          Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon
          W (GOV); Katz, John W (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Subject: Agrium



          Mike we need the agrium response asap. And did a wolf control presser go out yet?




                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005632
