Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin @alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 8:04 AM
          To:                       'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
          Cc:                       Fradley; Tara D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Subject :                 Re: Murk


          Thanks fb.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From :   frank bailey < ftb907@yahoo.com>

          To: Palin ,   Sarah ( GOV sponsored ); Colberg ,       Talis J    ( LAW); Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV)

          Cc: Fradley , Tara D      ( GOV); Leighow ,   Sharon W (GOV)

          Sent : Wed Sep 26 06:49 : 17 2007

          Subject : Re: Murk



          Kris,



          I have it here.



          http :// www.adn . com/opinion / view/ story/ 9332472p - 9247555C.html




          Ethics complaint?



          There does seem to be a case with Veco's poll for Murkowski

          Published : September 26, 2007

          Last Modified : September 26, 2007 at 03:39 AM

          Sworn testimony about the Veco corruption scandal reveals a disturbing , and likely
          illegal , transaction involving Veco and then - Gov. Frank Murkowski.

          As reported earlier in the Daily News, pollster Dave "Dittman also testified that he
          conducted a $20,000 poll for Murkowski in April 2006 . Veco executive Rick Smith paid for
          that poll, Dittman said on the witness stand.

           This one was initiated by either Jim Clark or the governor ," Dittman testified. "The
          governor was very unpopular at the time and there was some question of whether he would
          run."

          Gov. Murkowski was not yet a candidate for re-election, so Veco's donation of a $20,000
          poll was not an illegal campaign contribution. Good thing, too. In this case , the statute
          of limitations for the state's campaign watchdog agency to pursue a law violation - it's
                                                                   1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0005636
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           just one year - has already passed.

           However, giving Alaska's governor a free poll about his re-election prospects appears to
           be an illegal gift that violates the executive ethics act.

           Alaska statute Sec. 39 . 52.130 says a "public officer " may not " receive , directly or
           indirectly , a gift " in any form " that is a benefit to the officer ' s personal or financial
           interests , under circumstances in which it could reasonably be inferred that the gift is
           intended to influence the performance of official duties , actions , or judgment."

           That definition fits Gov . Murkowski ' s free poll from Veco . The poll benefited his personal
           interest in deciding whether or not to run for re-election . Veco had plenty of reason to
           want to influence Gov. Murkowski ' s "performance of official duties , actions, or
           judgments ." In April 2006 , the governor was trying to get oil tax legislation through the
           Legislature.

           A governor can still face ethics charges after leaving office. Complaints must be filed
           within two years from when the illegal act is discovered. In this case, any Alaskan can
           file a complaint against former Gov. Murkowski at least until April 2008, and perhaps
           until September 2009.

           The maximum fine is $5,000. For a man as wealthy as Frank Murkowski, that's not a lot of
           money. But lack of financial pain is no reason to let him off the hook in this case. An
           ethics proceeding would reinforce the principle that no person is above the law, least of
           all the state's chief executive.

           Pollster Dittman indicated either Gov . Murkowski or Mr. Clark initiated Veco ' s illegal
           $20,000 poll . If Mr . Clark was involved , he too , could face ethics charges . Alaska statute
           39.52 . 190 makes it illegal " for a public officer to knowingly aid another public officer
           in a violation " of the executive ethics law.

           Unfortunately for Alaskans , ethics complaints are confidential unless and until a
           preliminary investigation determines a case deserves formal proceedings . Somebody may
           already have filed a complaint about Veco ' s illegal gift of a poll to Gov . Murkowski. But
           just in case , executive branch ethics complaints are filed with Alaska ' s attorney general.
           That address is:

           Talis J . Colberg Attorney General

          Alaska Department of Law P . O. Box 110300 Juneau 99811-0300

          But don ' t wait too long. The statute of limitations is running and the stain of Veco's
          corruption is still fresh in Alaskans' minds.

          BOTTOM LINE : Somebody should file an executive ethics act complaint against Gov . Murkowski
          for accepting Veco's gift of a $20 , 000 political poll.

          Bye bridge

          No more plan for panned span

          The will to build a bridge from Ketchikan to its airport isn't made out of steel , at least
          not outside Ketchikan . Gov. Sarah Palin won few friends there with her decision to drop
          plans for the bridge , but she made the right call.

          Bridge to nowhere or not, there ' s nothing inherently wrong with people in Ketchikan
          backing a bridge to Gravina Island . Where that plan runs afoul of sense is in the price
          tag - $398 million - compared to what that money could buy in the rest of the state.

          Gov. Palin is well aware of the poster-child status of the bridge as prime pork, with the
          resultant loss of Alaska's reputation, and that had something to do with her decision. But
          the best reason to drop plans for the bridge now is that it's not the best use of that
          much money given the state' s needs.

          When Congress stripped most of the money of earmark status , there was no rush in Alaska to
          defend it for Ketchikan ' s bridge . Ferry passage from airport to town may be inconvenient;
          a bridge to the island may open development opportunities . But is that worth $398 million?
                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0005637
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          No.

          After irreversibly committing more than $50 million in federal and state money (finished
          environmental impact statement, Gravina island road work and runway underpass already
          under contract), with no prospect for more, it's time to cut losses and carry on
          elsewhere.

          We don't know what effect the governor's decision will have on plans for the Knik Arm
          crossing, another project with a big price tag and uncertainty about who will pay and how
          much. Vision is wonderful, but Gov. Palin's call shows an understanding that the federal
          spigot isn't wide open for Alaska anymore, and that we'd better count our costs and settle
          our priorities. That way we'll keep seeing straight even when we're dreaming big.

          BOTTOM LINE: Governor right to drop Ketchikan bridge plans.




          govpalin@alaska.gov wrote:



                 I'll have someone forward it to u. Nome may not get nsp for while.



                 Kris- who does our press clips and can they send the editorial to Talis please?

                 Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



                 -----Original Message-----

                 From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)"



                 Date: Wed, 26 Sep 2007 06:29:54

                 To:"Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)"

                 Subject: Re: Murk




                 Dear governor palin. I'm in nome no        a 0 er here   e    Privileged or Personal Material Redactd
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                 ----- Original Message -----

                 From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

                 To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

                 Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

                 Sent : Wed Sep 26 06:23:49 2007

                Subject: Murk

                Read ADN editorial,       I'm sure someone now will file ethics complaint about Murk
                                                              3




                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0005638
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          receiving free ($ 20,000 ) poll from VECO, I'm surprised no one's done it yet. Privileged or P^
          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                              4




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0005639
