Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                               Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From:     Christopher Clark [cgcalaska@yahoo.com]
               Sent:     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 11:02 AM
               To:       Notti; Emil R (CED); Leonard; Theodore J (CED); Saddler; Sally A (CED)
               Cc:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV);
                         Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Ruaro;
                         Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Agrium and HB 229 ($2.9 billion in railroad bonds to help build goal gasification project for Agrium)
              Greetings, Commissioner, Ted, and Sally!

              The Governor has asked that I help you prepare a response to the recent and stunning news that Agrium
              shall soon close. (See her e-mail below.)

              It may be worth pointing out that last month , on August 25, 2007 , the Governor signed into law landmark
              legislation aimed at helping Agrium avert this grim action.

              As you know, that measure was House Bill 229 , sponsored by Nikiski Representative Mike Chenault.

              It authorized the Alaska Railroad Corporation to issue an unprecedented sum of $2 . 9 billion in tax-exempt
              bonds to help pay for coal gasification and electrical power generation facilities near the Agrium fertilizer
              plants as well as facilities and equipment to transport coal from Healy by rail to Point MacKenzie and by
              barge from Point MacKenzie to the Kenai.

              Up to three million tons of coal per year could be used to create hydrogen that Agrium needs to produce
              ammonia and to help generate power.

              Agrium\u700 ?s current design for the power plant is for 190 megawatts of power. The plan called for
              Agrium to buy 120 megawatts of that. The rest , some 70 megawatts, would be available for distribution
              along the Kenai power grid.

              This may not be much, but I hope it helps.

              October 2 is my last day In the Governor's Office . I am on personal leave until then.

              But if you need anything , please don't hesitate to reach me at this e-mail address
              (cgcalas ka@yahoo. com).

              Good luck and all the very, very best,

              Chris


              -----Original Message
             From: Pal!n, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Sent: Wed 9/26/2007 8:58 AM
             To: Notti, Emil R (CED); Clark, Christopher G (GOV)
             Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject : Fw: Agrium

             Pis help comm dept with their Agrium response.

             ----- Original Message ----
             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash , Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
             Cc: Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV);
             Katz, John W (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)
             Sent: Wed Sep 26 08:50:58 2007
             Subject : Agrium

             Mike we need the agrium response asap. And did a wolf control presser go out yet?



              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0005655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Re: Pressers                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From:     Palin
              Sent:     Wednesday, September 26, 2007 4:58 PM
              To:       Beth (GOV) Leschper; Denby S (DFG) Lloyd; Joseph R (GOV) Balash ; Michael A (GOV) Tibbles;
                        Sharon W (GOV) Leighow; John Katz
             Cc:        Kristina Y (GOV) Perry
             Subject: Re: Pressers
             Excellent pressers... Thanks so much!

             ----- Original Message -----
             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV);
             Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Katz, John W (GOV)
             Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
             Sent: Wed Sep 26 16:04:29 2007
             Subject: Pressers

             Any idea when the pressers (wolf and agrium) will be ready for me to proof???




            11/10/2009

                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0005656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Re: Agrium Announcement                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:      Palin
               Sent:      Wednesday, September 26, 2007 6:11 AM
               To:        Joseph R (GOV) Balash ; John Katz
               Cc:        Beth (GOV) Leschper; Kevin R (DNR) Banks; Kurtis K (DNR) Gibson; Lynne M (GOV) Smith; Martha K
                          (DNR) Rutherford; Michael A (GOV) Tibbles; Sharon W (GOV) Leighow; sr.parnell; Tom E (DNR) Irwin;
                          Larry Persily
               Subject: Re: Agrium Announcement
              Hopefully Sen Murkowski knows it may even do more harm than good in speaking with Bodman, unless she knows
              more than I do re: what he can do to help, and she trusts her visit is appropriate, not political, and ultimately helpful.

              Just thinking out loud- it will be interesting to hear the requests for the state' s assistance for this private business in
              light of the efforts we're putting forth to assist the state's MatMaid entity... and the criticism resulting in our
              committment to get the thing solvent so it can be privitized.

              ----- Original Message -----
              From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>
              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
              Cc: Leschper, Beth (GOV); Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Smith, Lynne M (GOV); Rutherford,
              Martha K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored); Irwin,
              Tom E (DNR); Persily, Larry A (GOV)
              Sent: Wed Sep 26 05:09:05 2007
              Subject: Re: Agrium Announcement

              When we last spoke with the Department of Energy, they expected a decision on the export license by the end of the
              year.

              We have confined our exchanges with DOE to procedural issues. Any discussion of content outside of the formal
              Administrative Record would be improper. So, I'm not sure what is to be gained by talking to the Secretary.
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


              We all knew that the Agrium decision might be coming.IPrivileged or Personal Material Redacted
            Privileged or Personal Mated


             Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is jwkatz@alaskadc.org
             <mailto:jwkatz(a.alaskadc.org>. Thank you .


             >>> On 9/25/2007 at 6: 13 PM, in message
             <4B8A5AIB956F474E82FCEFA159230B8D27C789@SOAJNUMSG03. soa.alaska.gov>, "Balash , Joseph R
             (GOV)" <joe.balash@alaska.gov> wrote:

             Governor:

             I just received a call from Lisa Parker at Agrium to inform you of their decision to shut down the Kenai plant. They
             will be laying off more than 100 employees. They are already in contact with the Department of Labor and will be
             applying for assistance under the Trade Adjustment Act.

             The shut-down may not be permanent. They simply do not have enough gas under contract for 2008 and do not
             expect to have sufficient supply for 2009 and beyond, either. If the Secretary of Energy denies the application for
             exports by Conoco Phillips and Marathon at the Nikiski LNG plant, Agrium hopes to be able to move in swiftly and
             work out supply contracts for 2009 and beyond. Lisa reports that Sen. Murkowski is meeting with Secretary
             Bodman to get a sense of what's in store for the Cook Inlet.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0005657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Re: Agrium Announcement                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


             This is not a surprise . We had been in contact with Agrium since July about their view of the supply situation . Initially, they
             were optimistic about their ability to secure long term (2009 and beyond) supplies. Over the past couple of months, they
             have become less and less certain , leading to the decision today to shut down . Up until last week , the Division of Oil and Gas
             was doing the necessary homework to put together a royalty-in -kind sale that would have targeted Agrium as a buyer.

             As for the future of Agrium in Alaska, they intend to make a decision by the end of the year on whether to proceed to the
             next phase of their coal gas plant . A positive decision there would lead to detailed engineering and design work and would
             cost a considerable amount, but would not be a decision to proceed with the construction of the project.

             These are quality jobs with pretty high wages for the employees who work at the facility . It is a shame to lose those jobs, and
             the economy of the Kenai Peninsula will certainly take a hit.

             Please let me know if you need any further information.

             Joe




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                PRA GSPO1_0005658
