Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :      John Katz [jwkatz©ALASKADC.org]
              Sent:      Wednesday , September 26, 2007 5:09 AM
              To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored ); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
              Cc:        Leschper; Beth (GOV); Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Gibson ; Kurtis K (DNR); Smith ; Lynne M (GOV);
                         Rutherford; Marty K ( DNR); Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV); Leighow ; Sharon W (GOV); PARNELL; S (GOV
                         sponsored ); Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Persily ; Larry A (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Agrium Announcement
              When we last spoke with the Department of Energy, they expected a decision
              on the export license by the end of the year.

              We have confined our exchanges with DOE to procedural issues. Any
              discussion of content outside of the formal Administrative Record would be
              improper. So, I'm not sure what is to be gained by talking to the Secretary.
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



                                                                                         Privileged or Personal Mated
              We all knew that the Agrium decision might be coming.
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


              Please note that my email address has changed . My new email address is
             jwkat2t@alaskadc.org . Thank you.


              >>> On 9/25/2007 at 6:13 PM, in message
              <4B8A5A 1 B956F474E82FCEFA 159230B8D27C789@SOAJNUMSGO3. soa. aaas1
              "Balash, Joseph R (GOV)" <joe.balash@ alaska .gov> wrote:
               I Governor:

                    I just received a call from Lisa Parker at Agrium to inform you of their decision to shut down the
                    Kenai plant. They will be laying off more than 100 employees. They are already in contact with the
                    Department of Labor and will be applying for assistance under the Trade Adjustment Act.

                 The shut-down may not be permanent . They simply do not have enough gas under contract for
                 2008 and do not expect to have sufficient supply for 2009 and beyond , either. If the Secretary of
                 Energy denies the application for exports by Conoco Phillips and Marathon at the Nikiski LNG plant,
                 Agrium hopes to be able to move in swiftly and work out supply contracts for 2009 and beyond. Lisa
                 reports that Sen . Murkowski is meeting with Secretary Bodman to get a sense of what 's in store for
                 the Cook Inlet.

                 This is not a surprise. We had been in contact with Agrium since July about their view of the supply
                 situation . Initially, they were optimistic about their ability to secure long term (2009 and beyond)
                 supplies. Over the past couple of months, they have become less and less certain , leading to the
                 decision today to shut down . Up until last week, the Division of Oil and Gas was doing the necessary
                 homework to put together a royalty-in-kind sale that would have targeted Agrium as a buyer.

                 As for the future of Agrium in Alaska , they intend to make a decision by the end of the year on
                 whether to proceed to the next phase of their coal gas plant. A positive decision there would lead to



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0005659
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2



                 detailed engineering and design work and would cost a considerable amount, but would not be a decision to
                 proceed with the construction of the project.

                 These are quality jobs with pretty high wages for the employees who work at the facility . It is a shame to
                 lose those jobs, and the economy of the Kenai Peninsula will certainly take a hit.

                 Please let me know if you need any further information.

                 Joe




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0005660
