Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                      Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent :                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 9:46 AM
         To:                        Leschper; Beth (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Cc:                        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Remarks for Bouchercon (mystery writers)


         This is awesome!



         ----- Original Message -----

         From : Leschper ,     Beth (GOV)

         To: Palin ,   Sarah    (GOV sponsored); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Cc: Leighow ,   Sharon W    ( GOV); Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

         Sent: Thu Sep 27 09: 38:16 2007

         Subject : Remarks for Bouchercon         (mystery writers)



        Your remarks for tonight ' s reception ,         which begins at 6 p.m.




        YOU ARE SCHEDULED FOR 6:30 p.m.




        Dana Stabenow     ( pronounced day-nuh stab - in-oh ) will introduce you.



        She is the co-chair of Bouchercon 2007 and an Alaskan author.



        (Dee Ford is the other co-chair.)




        Marcy Gentemann will be behind the registration desk.




                                                                 1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Tara is printing the "pardon," which you need to sign and take with you.




         907-351-6331 Dana Stabenow Cell



         907-862-4368 Marcy Gentemann Cell




         Beth Leschper



         Deputy Communications Director



         Office of the Governor



         State of Alaska



         907-465-3443



         907-723-1321




        Remarks for Bouchercon 2007 Reception



        Thursday, Sept. 27 @ 6:30 p.m.



        Egan Center
                                                        2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         I am pleased to welcome you to this gathering of mystery and adventure writers, and
         mystery fiction fans to Alaska.




         I want to recognize a special group of writers - Alaska Sisters in Crime. Congratulations
         to the members of this wonderful group for all their work - they are involved in so many
         projects that support literacy around Alaska.




         They have arranged for 27 writers to work with students in our Bush schools . For the last
         five years this dedicated organization has purchased books for every library in the state.
         And Sisters in Crime held a pre - conference workshop for students and teachers who are
         interested in mystery writing.




         (pause)




         As Governor , I am pleased that you recognize that Alaska's wilderness is a world-class
         setting for mystery , drama and adventure.




        But as Governor ,     I have solemn and important official obligations to discharge this
        evening.




                                                          3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0005692
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            As Alaska ' s chief law enforcement official , one of my primary responsibilities is to
            ensure that our many out - of-state visitors understand - and abide by - the requirements of
            Alaska ' s criminal laws.




            And so , I am obligated to inform everyone at this convention that Alaska ' s criminal law
            prohibits bad writing.




            In fact, Alaska's laws include a crime called "Malicious Mystery Fiction Writing in the
            First Degree."




         This law was enacted years ago by the Alaska Legislature to express Alaskans '               frustration
         with bad fiction writers.




         Alaska law now provides that a writer commits the crime of Malicious Mystery Fiction
         Writing in the First Degree if the writer produces any work of fiction that frustrates the
         reader:




         *       by stretching a 200 page story out to 800 pages

        *        by including any illogical plot twist

        *        by withholding critical clues to the very last chapter

        *        by beginning any work of fiction with the line ,      " It was a dark and stormy night..."

        *        or by setting any work of fiction in Alaska which includes descriptions of penguins!




        In Alaska , Malicious Mystery Fiction Writing in the First Degree is a felony offense.


                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0005693
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         In fact , if the writer is a serial novelist - each volume in the series constitutes a
         separate , criminal offense . Consecutive sentences are mandatory.




         Our law also provides that if a work of fiction is set in Alaska, and then the author
         sells the movie rights to a producer who films the movie in British Columbia - a maximum
         jail sentence is required.




        You should know that Alaska is one of the few states to have this law. And we have found
        it has been very successful.




        We have found that bad fiction writers - once they became aware of this law - have simply
        left Alaska, and chosen to commit their crimes elsewhere.




        I realize that some of you here tonight may find this law troublesome.




        (pause)




        But I have some good news for you tonight.




                                                      5




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0005694
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Alaska's Constitution provides that the Governor may issue Executive Pardons.




         So, should any of you be fearful that any Alaska law enforcement agency may investigate or
         bring charges against anyone at this convention for the crime of Malicious Fiction Writing
         - I am here tonight to exercise my constitutional authority of Executive Clemency.




         [present bogus pardon - have receiver read the text of the pardon]




                                                      6




                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0005695
