Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 11:10 AM
          To:                       eandm@wildak.net
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2007 9:50 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and- Game



         Web mail from: Ms. Mary Malcolm

         address: Po Box 256 Delta Junction AK 99737

           907-895-4959



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin, I'd first like to say that we think you rock. So far you have been on the
         money as far as we can see.rnThere is something we would like to bring to your attention,
         however. There is a cow permit hunt in the Delta area that is due to start on the first of
         October. The objective is to take 900 cows out of the herd locally. First, we think that
         the number of cows targeted is excessive and to shoot them this time of year is going to
         leave calves without mothers to see them through the winter. Thus, each cow killed is
         going to possibly result in 2 or 3 animals dying. Can't help but question the purpose
         behind killing so many of them. We live on Clearwater Lake, and just in the past couple of
         years, started seeing a few more moose on the lake. rnThe south side of the lake is pretty
         built up and elevated about 20-30 feet above the lake level. Shooting on the lake could
         result in disastrous situations if care isn't taken by the hunters on the lake. Rifle
         bullets, as you know,

         travel a long distance.rnAlso, we have a group of people here in Delta who hunt and shoot
         anything that moves, basically and are not real particular about methods and means. The
         Delta City Council had to pass an emergency regulation closing the City to discharging of
         firearms in an attempt to avoid just such a situation.rnCould you possibly take a look at
         this? I realize you are very busy,but would appreciate a little of your time. Thank you.



         eandm@wildak.net



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0005678
