Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 10:55 AM
          To:                       shortyhite@yahoo.com
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion , or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Wednesday, September 26, 2007 5:41 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from : Mr. Loren Hite

          address : 464 Forest Hills Ct Fairbanks AK 99709

           907-460-7603



          MESSAGE:

         I have been blessed to live and hunt in the great state of Alaska for 50 years .    rnrnAs a
         child I hunted the Tanana Flats area and have always appreciated and respected the
         bountiful moose harvest in this area. This has now gone into decline and myself and my
         fellow hunters are concerned .rnrnAbout four years ago the Fish &amp; Game decided they
         needed a cow &amp; calf hunt in this area. To date they still have not met their quota of
         cow kills.   I believe the reason for this is that there simply are not the cows to be
         harvested .  The moose population in this area is in serious decline and the biologists
         still argue for more cow kills.   This year has been the worst yet, as this cow hunt
         progresses .  I now see only one cow per bull in the area , and I spent 20 of the 25 days of
         hunting season out there. rnrnThere is a horn restriction in the area .   Spike /fork or many
         brow times , eliminating all but the breeder bull. This year I did not see a single
         spike /fork.  They were eliminated as

         calves in the antlerless moose?rnrnThe last time I saw a cow hunt was in the 70's in
         Glennallen . This so devastated the moose population that the area was closed to all moose
         hunting for years before the population rebounded . rnrnThe Tanana Flats area is regarded
         the largest population in the state . It appears someone is intent on decimating the herd.
         Could you please check into this immediately . The situation is time critical.



         shortyhite@yahoo.com

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS


                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0005683
