Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 11:06 AM
          To:                       dobieman@gci.net
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

         Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2007 1:41 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. Arthur Greenwalt

         address: 1620 Washington Dr., Apt. 79 Fairbanks AK 99709

          907-374-3043



         MESSAGE:

         I noticed in your comments regarding California Rep. George Miller's PAW Bill to close the
         loophole on aerial predator killing you protrayed the issue as interference from outside.
         Havng lived here in Alaska for 38 years, now, I recognize this tactic as one often trotted
         out when there is no real justification for a stand.rn    But since you have broached it, I
         have to ask if you are so concerned about this staying strictly an Alaskan issue how it is
         you then turn around and ignore the fact that both times aerial predator killing has been
         put before Alaskan voters it has been banned by a majority. It seems what you really mean
         to say is this is not an issue for anyone outside Alaska to act on. It is not an issue
         for anyone in Alaska who disagrees with the program to act on. It is only for that narrow
         view that supports extreme and unscientific aerial killing to be worthy of notice.rn    I
         expect a certain hypocrisy in politics; it seems to be part and parcel of the profession.
         Yet,

          that which you exhibit with this behavior exceeds even that which I have generally seen
         displayed.  It's a shame that in the end due to an administrative adherence to the anti-
         predator faction's views, Alaskans and Alaska's wildlife will suffer.



         dobieman@gci.net

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005681
