Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 6:57 AM
          To:                       Stapleton; Meghan N (GOV)
          Subject:                  Baby!


          'Monring Meg. I left a voicemail msg yest thanking you for your kind email and letting you
          know I totally support the decisions you're making.



          Please don't feel guilty or stressed about deciding to hang with Isabella during these
          precious, precious baby times. It IS the right decision for you! And welcome to the world
          of motherhood where the conflicting feelings will constantly accompany you in today's
          crazy world - but they'll be tempered with the absolute joy your child brings to your
          life.



          As I said in my msg, remember I stayed home with Track his first seven years - just worked
          a bit part time - but I wouldn't trade those years for anything! By the time my FOURTH
          baby came along, my support network (sisters and mom!) was established and though it's
          still been a day-to-day struggle logistically, little Piper turned out to be the most
          accommodating and easy child that she's been by my side from day one - with the help of my
          family. Every child is unique. The first child is most overwhelming, but in a good and
          perfect way.



          So, don't worry about us. You've been an awesome partner and we could never replace you
          and please know the door is always open for you in any capacity that we could figure out
          would work for you. We'll keep thinking on that and I invite your suggestions.



          In the meantime, may I get some input on other persons? If we go with splitting your job
          (because no one will be able to combine the two like you did - there's not another
          superman out there), let me run a couple names by you and ask for suggestions:



         Privilege   s a fireball. I like her. Is she ready to do something else with her career?



         I respect Privileged or     s work and he's been so fair to us - would he want to shift gears
         with his career.



         Any suggestions?



         Sharon's doing an outstanding job and we love her and I'm so glad you hired her. I'm
         anxious to take some things off her plate so she can enjoy life a bit more, so finding
         someone to come in and lead in Communications will be a relief for her. We'll do this
         sooner rather than later.



         You're amazing. Maybe you could write a book - at least an article - on dealing with that
         universal conflict mothers face. Your email was a perfect first chapter.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0005706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Thanks Meg I Tell Eric "hi" - Track Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
        Privileged or Personal Material Re so he could get to boot camp soon and his two-yr active duty
         clock would start dicing. He was so flippin excited. I ' m so flippin conflicted on that
         decision , but still very proud and happy for him.



          Piper's still mad at me for not showing her Isabella. When you come in to the office to do
          any transitional tasks maybe I could get Pip in there at the same time.



         Have a good day - throw suggestions our way pleae - let me know if it's worth a cold call
         to Privileged or anyone else?



         SP




                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0005707
