Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Thursday, September 27, 2007 8:53 AM
          To:                        Colberg; Talis J (LAW)
          Subject:                   Re: Confidential - Spitzer


           Can anyone else assist?



           ----- Original Message -----

          From: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Thu Sep 27 08:51:03 2007

          Subject: Re: Confidential - Spitzer



          I think Walt is in. China. Talis.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Toy: Monegan, Walt C (DPS)

          Sent: Thu Sep 27 08:49 :24 2007

          Subject: Confidential - Spitzer



          Walt- could you provide me any documentation regarding the state's settlement of Trooper
          Spitzer's case (I saw it on the news last night - I hadn't even known that this trooper
          was in trouble again. He's the same one who was stationed in the valley and had a bad
          reputation along with his fellow trooper whom we've talked about before, and this is at
          least the second public case involving Spitzer and allegations of his abuse of power).



          What I need is just the factual info that proves this was a DPS issue and I was not a part
          of any settlement. I was not advised, nor requested to participate in this... as is the
          appropriate way of handling such a case. I ask because I've already heard the accusation
          that "I" settled with a bad cop.



          I'd like to explain factually what an elected official's role is in cases like this (that
          being, I had no role in this).

          Thank you.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005701
