Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov)
          Sent:                     Thursday, September 27, 2007 9:14 AM
         To:                        Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Confidential - Spitzer

          Follow Up Flag :          Follow up
          Flag Status:              Red


          You-re awesome



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent : Thu Sep 27 09:10:45 2007

         Subject: RE: Confidential - Spitzer



         I just ordered a detailed summary of the spitzer case and an update on our other favorite
         case.  I will get a report back this morning.




         Mike




         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Thu 9/27/2007 8:52 AM

         To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

         Subject: Re: Confidential - Spitzer




         Can anyone else assist?



         ----- Original Message -----

         From : Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent : Thu Sep 27 08:51:03 2007
                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0005698
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Subject: Re: Confidential - Spitzer




          I think Walt is in. China. Talis.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Monegan , Walt C (DPS)

          Sent: Thu Sep 27 08:49 :24 2007

          Subject: Confidential - Spitzer



          Walt- could you provide me any documentation regarding the state's settlement of Trooper
          Spitzer's case (I saw it on the news last night - I hadn't even known that this trooper
          was in trouble again. He's the same one who was stationed in the valley and had a bad
          reputation along with his fellow trooper whom we've talked about before, and this is at
          least the second public case involving Spitzer and allegations of his abuse of power).



          What I need is just the factual info that proves this was a DPS issue and I was not a part
          of any settlement. I was not advised, nor requested to participate in this... as is the
          appropriate way of handling such a case. I ask because I've already heard the accusation
          that "I" settled with a bad cop.



         I'd like to explain factually what an elected official's role is in cases like this (that
         being, I had no role in this).



          Thank you.




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0005699
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Untitled Document                                                                                Page 1 of I


              Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Thursday, September 27, 2007 11:13 AM
              To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert



              From: Stats [mailto:stats@wiche.edu]
              Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2007 7:41 AM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: WICHE Stat Alert




              Stat Alert - September 2 7,
              2007
              The National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) has released a new website,
              College Navigator, an update to the College Opportunities Online (COOL) website.
              Like COOL, College Navigator (http://nces.ed.gov/colle eenavi a  gtor/) is designed to
              help prospective college students and their families gather information about college
              choices. It relies on data from the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System
              (IPEDS), and therefore it provides another portal to those data.

              The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
              communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or
              unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name,
              title, and organization to Jeanette Porter at jporter@wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists
              are used only to support WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant
              issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a
              Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at http://wiche.edu/policy/Clearinghouse, which
              includes past Policy Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports. surveys, and policy
              briefs.




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0005700
