Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From :   Leschper, Beth (GOV) [beth.Ieschper@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Thursday, September 27, 2007 9:38 AM
              To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: Remarks for Bouchercon (mystery writers)
              Your remarks for tonight's reception, which begins at 6 p.m.

              YOU ARE SCHEDULED FOR 6: 30 p.m.

              Dana Stabenow (pronounced day-nuh stab-in-oh) will introduce you.
              She is the co-chair of Bouchercon 2007 and an Alaskan author.
              (Dee Ford is the other co-chair.)

              Marcy Gentemann will be behind the registration desk.

             Tara is printing the "pardon," which you need to sign and take with you.

             907-351-6331 Dana, Stabenow Cell
             907-862-4368 Marcy Gentemann Cell


             Beth Leschper
             Deputy Communications Director
             Office of the Governor
             State of Alaska
             907-465-3443
             907-723-1321

             Remarks for Bouchercon 2007 Reception
             Thursday, Sept. 27 @ 6:30 p.m.
             Egan Center


             I am pleased to welcome you to this gathering of mystery and adventure writers, and
             mystery fiction fans to Alaska.

             I want to recognize a special group of writers - Alaska Sisters in Crime. Congratulations
             to the members of this wonderful group for all their work - they are involved in so many
             projects that support literacy around Alaska.

             They have arranged for 27 writers to work with students in our Bush schools. For the
             last five years this dedicated organization has purchased books for every library in the
             state. And Sisters in Crime held a pre-conference workshop for students and teachers
             who are interested in mystery writing.

             (pause)



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005721
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3


             As Governor, I am pleased that you recognize that Alaska 's wilderness is a world -class setting
             for mystery, drama and adventure.

             But as Governor, I have solemn and important official obligations to discharge this evening.

             As Alaska 's chief law enforcement official , one of my primary responsibilities is to ensure that
             our many out-of-state visitors understand - and abide by - the requirements of Alaska's
             criminal laws.

             And so, I am obligated to inform everyone at this convention that Alaska's criminal law
             prohibits bad writing.

             In fact, Alaska's laws include a crime called " Malicious Mystery Fiction Writing in the First
             Degree."

             This law was enacted years ago by the Alaska Legislature to express Alaskans ' frustration with
             bad fiction writers.

             Alaska law now provides that a writer commits the crime of Malicious Mystery Fiction
             Writing in the First Degree if the writer produces any work of fiction that frustrates the reader:

                  by stretching a 200 page story out to 800 pages
                  by including any illogical plot twist
                  by withholding critical clues to the very last chapter
                  by beginning any work of fiction with the line, "It was a dark and stormy night..."
                  or by setting any work of fiction in Alaska which includes descriptions of penguins!

             In Alaska, Malicious Mystery Fiction Writing in the First Degree is a felony offense.

             In fact, if the writer is a serial novelist - each volume in the series constitutes a separate,
             criminal offense. Consecutive sentences are mandatory.

             Our law also provides that if a work of fiction is set in Alaska, and then the author sells the
             movie rights to a producer who films the movie in British Columbia - a maximum jail sentence
             is required.

             You should know that Alaska is one of the few states to have this law . And we have found it
             has been very successful.

             We have found that bad fiction writers - once they became aware of this law - have simply left
             Alaska, and chosen to commit their crimes elsewhere.

             I realize that some of you here tonight may find this law troublesome.

             (pause)

             But I have some good news for you tonight.

             Alaska' s Constitution provides that the Governor may issue Executive Pardons.

             So, should any of you be fearful that any Alaska law enforcement agency may investigate or


             11/10/2009

                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0005722
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 3 of 3


              bring charges against anyone at this convention for the crime of Malicious Fiction Writing - I
              am here tonight to exercise my constitutional authority of Executive Clemency.

              [present bogus pardon - have receiver read the text of the pardon]




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0005723
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Re: Confidential - Spitzer                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :      Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
              Sent:       Thursday, September 27, 2007 9:11 AM
              To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: RE: Confidential - Spitzer
             I just ordered a detailed summary of the spitzer case and an update on our other favorite case. I will get a
             report back this morning.

             Mike


             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Sent: Thu 9/27/2007 8:52 AM
             To: Colberg, Tails 3 (LAW)
             Subject: Re: Confidential - Spitzer

             Can anyone else assist?

             ----- Original Message -----
             From : Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Sent: Thu Sep 27 08:51:03 2007
             Subject: Re: Confidential - Spitzer

             I think Walt is in. China. Talis.

             ----- Original Message -----
             From: Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             To: Monegan, Walt C (DPS)
             Sent: Thu Sep 27 08:49:24 2007
             Subject: Confidential - Spitzer

             Walt- could you provide me any documentation regarding the state's settlement of Trooper Spitzer's case (I saw it on
             the news last night - I hadn't even known that this trooper was in trouble again. He's the same one who was stationed
             in the valley and had a bad reputation along with his fellow trooper whom we've talked about before, and this is at
             least the second public case involving Spitzer and allegations of his abuse of power).

             What I need is just the factual info that proves this was a DPS issue and I was not a part of any settlement. I was not
             advised, nor requested to participate in this... as is the appropriate way of handling such a case . I ask because I've
             already heard the accusation that "I" settled with a bad cop.

             I'd like to explain factually what an elected official's role is in cases like this (that being, I had no role in this).

             Thank you.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0005724
