Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 2:55 PM
           To:                       Thomas.Teseniar@us.army.mil
           Subject :                 RE: Fish-and-Game


           Mr. Teseniar:

           Thank you for your email.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

           Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 3:05 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Fish-and-Game



           Web mail from :     Thomas Teseniar

           address: P . O. Box 298441 Wasilla AK 99629

            907-892-1664



           MESSAGE:

           Sarah , rnrnThank you so very much for sticking up for Alaska by writing Congressman Miller.
           I believe it is long time coming and overdue !    We as Alaskans need to start the process of
           taking back our Fish and Wildlife management from the Federal Government .      Fish and Game
           belongs to ALL Alaskans and it is time for USFWS , Congress and other States to &quot;butt-
           out&quot ; of our business . rnrnl have two suggestions to get it started : rnrnl . Put USFWS
           and other Federal agencies on written notice that the State of Alaska , through its
           Constitution is taking back control of all Fish and Wildlife matters within the borders of
           the state starting January 2008 , rnrn2 . Out law all non-resident guides , both fish and
           game .   If you want to be a guide in the Great State of Alaska you must possess and
           maintain a resident fishing and hunting license . rnrnKeep up the GREAT work !     You are
           making me and other Alaskans proud of our state government again .    rnrnlt was also great
           to see " Brown Shirts " again on o

          ur rivers . You can tell they are very proud . I assisted Troopers in cracking down on
          illegal King fishing by guides and European clients on the Yentna and Lake Creek areas.
          This has been a big issue with me over the past few years as I have witnessed these people
          take 5 fish EACH in one daylrnrnThank you so much . Please stay as our Governor as we need
          you!rnrnTom Teseniarrnrnrn3.



           Thomas . Teseniar@us.army.mil

           PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0005745
