Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
          Sent:                      Friday, September 28, 2007 11:23 AM
          To:                       valleymoosetrack @excite.com
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion , or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent : Friday, September 28, 2007 10:04 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from : Ms. Valerie Luczak

          address :   2242 East Carney Road Wasilla AK 99654




          MESSAGE:

          Greetings , I would like to reemphasize the fact that twice the voters of Alaska have cast
          ballots to do away with aerial wolf control, only to be undone in Juneau , undoubtably
          under pressure from the guides and their ' high dollar ' clientele who are in competition
          with the wolves .   So much is done or undone under the cover of ubiquitous clouds down
          there, and I applaud your efforts to make operations transparent ... in gas and oil
          decisions and so forth .    I have seen in the past , on the tv , folks in the hallways of
          decisions who I know are hunting guides and also know the kinds of money they get from
          wealthy outsiders for an Alaskan kill.      So I implore you to speak , once again to what is
          really going on down there and the influence peddling of these truly high dollar
          ' predators ', pity the wolves who can ' t shell out over $50 , 000 and more for a hunt.




          valleymoosetrack @excite.com




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005767
