Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) (governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Friday, September 28, 2007 11:26 AM
          To:                        groczicka@hotmail.com
          Subject :                  RE: Rural/Native


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 9:40 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Rural/Native



          Web mail from: Greg Roczicka

          address: Box 513 Bethel AK 99559

           9075432903



          MESSAGE:

          THANK YOU for you prompt and assertive response to California congressman Miller's
          egregious act of introducing his &quot;PAWS&quot; legislation.  You are the first governor
          of the four I've had direct dealings with over the years on this issue who has taken such
          an immediate and strong stance,rather than providing mostly lip service. I will be
          forwarding your letter and press release to friends and relatives throughout the lower 48
          asking/urging them to contact their respective congressional members, and inform them from
          a constituent of their state NOT to support any furthering of this philosophical
          imposition into our, and their, state's fish or wildlife management. rn     Also, please
          refer to Resolution #'s 00-47, 01-07, 02-12, 03-08, 04-08, 04-09, 05-13, 06-12 and 06-14
          (sponsored through The Association of Village Council Presidents, Bristol Bay Native
          Association and Tanana Chiefs Conference) concerning predator management issues, that
          have all passed the Alaska Federation of

          Natives annual conventions unanimously for the last 7 years.rnrnrnVoices Across Alaska
         Transition Ideas for Fish/Game MgmtrnName:   Greg Roczicka rnEmail:
         groczickaohotmail.comrnPhone: 907-543-2608w, 2903hrnCity: Bethelrn rnPlease summarize the
         issue or problem you would like to address: - 100 words maxrnConfront the egregious
         conflicts caused by Animal Welfare Groups (AWG's) legal challenges that suspend or pre-
         empt active management programs (e.g. predator control) regarding the issue of managing
         fish or game populations for human harvest benefit. Switch the burden of proof so that
         Pred Mgmt must first be conclusively shown wrong or proven ineffective prior to being
         heard, suspended or curtailed by any legal intervention/Court action(s). Close unintended
         consequence in current Intensive Management law of supplying additional legal avenues for
         "process challenges" by such AWG's, who insistently work to further incorporate
         philosophic/political differences of opinion into the stat

         e's scientific management structure.rnPle!
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           ase summarize how you would suggest resolving the issue or problem? - 300 words maxrn
           Establish statutory language with an unequivocal, interpretive link for implementing the
           concepts embodied in the State's Constitutional principles of development and conservation
           of its resources for maximum/ common use , benefit, enjoyment and welfare of the people;
           sustained yield for all those who are similarly situated with regard to the subject matter
           and purpose to be served of recognizing consumptive use harvest as a priority; maintenance
           or enhancement of healthy and abundant animal populations important to providing diversity
           of use , established amounts necessary , reasonable harvest opportunity, and other
           identified population goals and harvest objectives that provide for high levels of human
           consumptive use.rn      In order to fulfill the stated purpose and intent for the preferred
           beneficial use of these areas , it must be specifically recognized and explicitly stated
           that primary compone

           nts of management activities within these areas (e.g. Intensive Mgmt, Hunt/Trap Reserves,
           etc.) shall include:rn   1)  Ongoing annual adjustments of predator/prey populations
           utilizing all available management tools, with focus towards the most humane, efficient or
           cost-effective methods and means available that present the least possible administrative
           or fiscal burdens, in pursuit or promotion of maximizing reasonable harvest opportunity.
           rn   2)  Incorporation/deference to utilization of the most direct and historic scientific
           information and local knowledge of the area available with regard to annual productivity
           in development and implementation of management activities, over speculative scientific
           critique, conjecture, or other socially discriminate and abstract assertions adverse to
           maximizing harvest opportunity.rn   3)  That management programs furthering the primary
           intent shall not be interrupted, curtailed or pre-empted by legal intervention or
           politically motivated interf

           erence until it has been first fully docul

          mented scientifically, and proven beyond a reasonable doubt for the subject area, that
          such programs are counter-productive or ineffective in promoting or maintaining the
          subject area's wildlife populations in providing for sustained yield to maximize
          reasonable harvest opportunity.rnPlease provide additional background information that may
          be helpful. - 1000 words max rn   A key trigger point to use for instituting predator
          management should be any designated Intensive Management area where a moose population is
          limited to Tier I or Tier II only, and habitat is not a limiting factor. Equally important
          will be selecting/appointing a Commissioner who will strongly pursue and defend these
          premises, rather than bowing to AWG's or media pursuasions for back-pedaling or status-
          quo.  Following are only some of the issue/reference papers available which detail this
          long-standing concern from a rural (and also reflective of many urban constituents)
          perspective at more length.   rn-  "Science-

          based Game Management - When is There Enough Data?" by Patrick Valkenberg, AOC Newsletter
          - Spring 2006 (Volume 14, Issue 4).rn- AVCP Resolution # 06-10-03.rn- BOG discussion,
          documents and support actions for intent, purpose and subsequent recommendation to
          establish a Holitna Basin Hunting &amp; Trapping Reserve during March &amp; October 2006
          meetings. rn- AFN December 12, 2005 fax letter to Governor Murkowski re above referenced #
          05-13.rn- Dittman Research Corporation Poll - "In-Depth Analysis of Public Opinion
          Regarding Rural Moose Populations in the Nushagak/Alaska Peninsula; Kuskokwim/Lower Yukon
          River; and the Interior Yukon/Tanana River Drainages" contracted by Orutsararmiut Native
          Council, August, 2005.rn- Affidavit of G. Roczicka in Friends of Animals Inc. vs. the
          State of Alaska lawsuit, January, 2005.rn- April 2, 2003 comments to House Resources and
          Senate Judiciary Committees in support of HB 208 &amp; SB 155 by G. Roczicka on behalf of
          (BOG created) Central Kuskokwim Mo

          ose Management Planning Committeern- Stat!

          ewide Moose Population status summary presented by DWC at Board of Game meeting in January
          2002.rn- August, 2002 Issue Paper "Management of Moose Populations in Alaska for Sustained
          Yield" by G. Roczicka to Native Summit on Fish, Wildlife, Habitat &amp; Environment.rn-
          "Position Statement of State Board of Game on Predator Control" presented to Joint House
          &amp; Senate Resource Committees by G. Roczicka, February, 2000. rn- Legislative
          Resolution No. 51 relating to management of Alaska's wildlife resources, February,
          1998.rn- Wolf Conservation &amp; Management Policy for State of Alaska.rnCopies of any/all
          the above available upon request.  Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further
          clarification or assistance that I can provide regarding these matters.

                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005764
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           groczicka@hotmail.com




                                                         3



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0005765
