Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Friday, September 28, 2007 11:33 AM
          To:                       wendyh@gci.net
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From : WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail®gov. state .ak.us]

          Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 10:19 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Ms. Wendy Harris

          address: POB 93412 Anchorage AK 99509

           9078308050



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,rnrnPlease at least have the integrity to be truthful about the aerial
          wolf kill program.  We all know it is solely about money and greed. Killing the wolves
          makes more moose available for hunters thus the state sells more hunting licenses and
          brings in more revenue over all by enticing more visitors to Alaska. Alaskans no longer
          &quot;need&quot; to hunt they just like to so this line &quot;we are trying to increase
          opportunities for Alaskans to put healthy food on their families' dinner tables&quot; is
          just ridiculous!rnrnl am disgusted as an Alaskan that this program is in operation and
          extremely disappointed that you would support this. If you tell the lie often enough and
          with conviction it becomes the truth and that is what has been done regarding the wolf
          kill program.rnrnSincerely,rnrnWendy Harris



          wendyh@gci.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0005757
