Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Glass, John D (DPS) [john.glass@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 11:27 AM
          To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Cc:                       Monegan ; Walt C (DPS); Holloway; Audie E (DPS)
          Subject:                  RE: Confidential - Spitzer


          Governor Palin, as you know Commissioner Monegan is out of the Country and he has asked
          that I respond to your email concerning the settlement of the lawsuit involving Eric
          Spitzer.



          The case stems from an arrest that Trooper Spitzer made on Kevin Patrick in Emmonak in
          November 2002. Patrick was basically terrorizing the Village when he was arrested. As
          stated earlier by Colonel Holloway, Patrick has an extensive arrest and conviction record.
          During the arrest Patrick was tazed by Spitzer during the arrest. During the trial in
          Bethel Patrick admitted that he in fact resisted arrest actively during the entire
          incident. Despite the fact that Patrick received only minor injuries during the scuffle
          the Bethel jury awarded him compensatory damages of over one (1) million dollars. The
          State of Alaska appealed this award.



          DPS did an internal investigation and found that Trooper Spitzer violated no policies or
          procedures during this arrest. The Department of Law concurred with the investigation and
          that is the reason for the decision to go to trial.



          The appeal process was asking for a new trial based on the excessive amount of the award
          and a disqualification of an expert witness and the allegation that a racial slur was used
          during the arrest. The arrest or at least half of it was on audio tape and there are NO
          indications of any racial slur during this audio portion. This information was not
          provided during discovery but presented during the trial. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted


          There has been a large amount of correspondence with the Department of Law concerning this
          case specifically Dale House the Assistant Attorney General who represented the State
          since I started in February. As well as prior to that date. On July 30 a meeting was held
          here in the Commissioners office with Commissioner Monegan, Gail Voightlander, Assistant
          Attorney General, Dale House, Colonel Holloway and myself.



        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0005760
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          If this arrest had occurred in Anchorage or somewhere else where backup is readily
          available in numbers as opposed to a location where the nearest help is 100 miles away the
          outcome may have been different. We definitely know that a similar case in Palmer the jury
          found the defendant guilty of resisting arrest and there has been no civil case even
          filed.



          At no time during these discussions with the Department of Law concerning this issue was
          it ever discussed with the Governors Office. As you pointed out that would be
          inappropriate. Over the years I have been involved with several lawsuits and to my
          knowledge none were discussed directly with the Governor.



          During Civil cases the preponderance of evidence is what decides the issues. Not
          necessarily the facts. The truth does not have to be told in this case by anyone other
          than the State. That is unfortunate but true.



          During the Commissioner's and my presentation to you a couple of weeks ago we asked to
          have the Criminal Justice system looked at overall. Prior to our leaving that meeting you
          assigned Lt. Governor Parnell to oversee that process. The Bethel Court System and the
          verdicts coming out of it should be one of the things looked at first. I believe that I
          can speak for the Commissioner and myself that it is detrimental to the Citizens of the
          Bethel region. It is a disservice to them both victims as well as the defendants.



          If you need or want further clarification I am available to discuss this with you. My cell
          number is Privileged or Persc



          John D. Glass, Deputy Commissioner

          Department of Public Safety




          -----Original Message-----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2007 5:17 PM

          To: Glass, John D (DPS); Holloway, Audie E (DPS)

          Subject: Fw: Confidential - Spitzer




          ------Original Message------

          To: Walt Monegan
                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0005761
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Sent :   Sep 27 ,   2007 8:49 AM

          Subject : Confidential - Spitzer



          Walt- could you provide me any documentation regarding the state ' s settlement of Trooper
          Spitzer's case ( I saw it on the news last night - I hadn ' t even known that this trooper
          was in trouble again . He's the same one who was stationed in the valley and had a bad
          reputation along with his fellow trooper whom we've talked about before , and this is at
          least the second public case involving Spitzer and allegations of his abuse of power).



          What I need is just the factual info that proves this was a DPS issue and I was not a part
          of any settlement . I was not advised , nor requested to participate in this ... as is the
          appropriate way of handling such a case . I ask because I've already heard the accusation
          that " I" settled with a bad cop.



          I'd like to explain factually what an elected official' s role is in cases like this (that
          being , I had no role in this).

          Thank you.




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0005762
