Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor©alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 11:25 AM
           To:                       Soboleff; Walter A (DOA)
           Subject:                  RE: Homeland-Security


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns, opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .  Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion , or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From : WebMail@gov . state . ak.us (mailto : WebMail ®gov . state . ak.us]

          Sent : Friday, September 28, 2007 9:49 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

          Subject : Homeland Security



          Web mail from: Mr. Walter Soboleff, Jr.

          address : PO Box 22333 Juneau AK 99802

           907-465-3599



          MESSAGE:

          Can anything done about TSA's continuing harsh handed techniques ? I was stopped in San
          Diego this Sunday , searched , felt all over, and made to feel like I was dirt . Admittedly,
          I am a Native Alaskan male with hair to my waist. Does that sound subversive or dangerous
          to you? After all my shaving gear was taken from me I asked why, they got mad and
          threatened me with missing my plane . I realize they are only doing their job, but I was
          treated like I was guilty before being proven innocent. Where have our civil rights gone
          to? I am a decorated Viet Nam combat veteran, I don't deserve this .rni remain ...... rnvery
          respectfullyrnWalter A. Soboleff Jr. rnlifelong Alaskan



          walter-soboleff@admin. state.ak.us




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005766
