Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c@i alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 10:58 AM
          To:                       alpinecountry@earthlink.net
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .  The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor .   Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need , suggestion , or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov . state.ak.us       [mailto: WebMail@gov.state . ak.us)

          Sent : Thursday,    September 27, 2007 10:50 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin        ( GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from : Ms. Sandra Waltres

          address :   30600 Kuapruk Avenue Eagle River AK 99577

           907-69403-08



          MESSAGE:

          As a long time Alaskan , I would ask that you do not express your opinion as representing
          Alaskans on the topic of aerial wolf hunting.    You are absolutely wrong to think that all
          Alaskans agree with you on this topic.    If you repspect and listen to the will of the
          people, you would see that the people of Alaska voted against this practice in the past.
          Now you are going to spend the State ' s money to influence the people' s decision making.
          Now is that ethical?    rnrnYou state that there is no ethics in predator control.   As an
          Alaskan , it was emabarassing to hear the governor of Alaska make such a
          statement . rnrnPlease take a balanced approach and represent the people of Alaska fairly
          and not with just your personal opinions.



          alpinecountry@earthlink.net




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0005775
