Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 11:16 AM
          To:                       mjoyner@clearwire.net
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

          Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 1:03 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Ms. Maggie Joyner

          address :   1521 Cara Loop Anchorage AK 99515

           9073488880



         MESSAGE:

         I support you, I voted for you and I have the highest hopes for your strong leadership of
         this state, but one of the things that makes me turn my back on you and your
         administration is your blood lust and lack of compassion for Alaskan wildlife. You see
         Sarah, the human beings of the world are not the only important life forces on the planet
         and you need to realize that your short sighted blood lust hunting background is not the
         &quot;live or die&quot; situation of even just a century or so ago. I was raised in this
         state, and lived in the Valley when you were very young so don't try and sell this Alaskan
         on a premise that animals are necessary for surviving in Alaska, you grew up with Carrs
         and so did I. For you to have a desire and stomach for hunting, makes me sick in the
         first place, but as I stated, I grew up here, so it is a way of life, but for you as the
         Governor of this great state to support aerial hunting shows you to be a grunting, basic
         cave dweller and will separate y

         ou from the political group to move on as evolved human beings. This WILL be your
         downfall.  Grow or get left behind, because statements like the one that you made today
         shows you to be the immature and unready politician to meet the growing climate of the
         American conscience.  FREE MAGGIE, STOP ARIEL WOLF HUNTS. I could sell a lot of T Shirts.
         Grow past your snow mobile riding Tim the Toolman Days and check out the weather report.
         It's environment friendly and you are chewing bones on camera.



         mjoyner@clearwire.net




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0005768
