Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Friday, September 28, 2007 11:17 AM
              To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Pathways to Business Growth for Women Focus of Multi-Year Study



             From: CfWBR Info [mailto:info@cfwbr.org]
             Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 6:41 AM
             Subject: NR: Pathways to Business Growth for Women Focus of Multi-Year Study



              EX                                              [X1
                                                                                        J




                                                                      Contact: Juanita M. Weaver
                                                                      Director of Media & Strategic Alliances
                                                                      Center for Women 's Business Research
                                                                      202-638-3060 x 719
                                                                      9weaverta)womensbusi nessresearch.org


             Release Date: Embargoed until October 2, 2007


                             Pathways to Business Growth for Women
                                    Focus of Multi-Year Study

             Washington , DC -The Center for Women 's Business Research has launched a study to
             investigate the growth strategies of women who own companies with revenues at or exceeding
             $ 1 million . For two decades , women have been starting companies at twice the rate of all firms.
             However, very little is known about the nearly quarter-million women-owned companies with
             revenues at this level.


            The first year of the study is being underwritten by OPEN from American Express and The Jana
            Matthews Group - an unusual partnership of corporate America and a woman-owned business.



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA_GSPOI _0005807
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 3


             "Ninety percent of women business owners want to grow their companies," said Margaret A. Smith,
             chair, Center for Women's Business Research and CEO of Domus. "Forty percent want to grow their
             businesses as large as possible, thereby creating employment and generating wealth. This study will
             provide insights about the women who lead multi-million dollar firms, the critical decisions they have
             made and the growth strategies they pursued. This study will provide the Center with data-driven
             knowledge that will be invaluable to other women who aspire to grow a company."

            "We are especially pleased to have both a leading corporation and a nationally known woman-owned
            business as sponsors," continued Margaret A. Smith. "As a woman business owner myself, I recognize
            that we all benefit from the work of the Center for Women's Business Research - and it is only fitting
            that we support the research done on our behalf."

            "My company consults with CEOs and Executive Teams who want to accelerate growth. Some of our
            clients are women-owned companies, some are owned by men, but all want to build and lead great
            companies that can sustain growth. This research will provide valuable insights to women business
            owners who want to grow," says Dr. Jana Matthews. "In addition, sponsoring this research gives me, a
            woman business owner, an opportunity to give back to other women who want to grow their companies
            but don't know how."


            The first publication generated by the research, Characteristics of Women-Owned Businesses of $1
            Million and Greater Revenues Report, will be released later this year. The report will analyze data,
            made available for the first time, which segments these businesses by revenue levels at or above $1
            million.

            The second stage of the 2007 research is a series of focus groups with women business owners whose
            firms have attained $1 million or more in revenues. The focus groups will collect in-depth information
            on the business practices and attitudes of this group of women. A report on the focus group findings
            will be released in January 2008.

            Three focus groups have already been held and three more will be convened before the end of October
            in Dallas, Jacksonville and Cleveland. Any woman business owner with revenues of $1 million or more
            who would like to participate in a focus group should contact Christine Horak, deputy director of
            research, Center for Women's Business Research at 202.638.3060 x 721 or at
            chorak _womensbusinessresearch.orq.

            In year two of the study, the research will be expanded by conducting a national survey of women
            business owners with $1 million or more in revenues.


            About the Center for Women 's Business Research
            The Center for Women's Business Research provides data-driven knowledge that advances the economic, social, and political



            11/10/2009
                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0005808
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                               Page 3 of 3


             impact of women business owners . We do this by setting the national agenda; creating insight on the status and achievements
             of women business owners ; altering perceptions about the economic viability and progress of women-owned enterprises, and
             driving awareness of the economic and social Impact of this vital business sector . For more information, visit
             www.womensbusinessresearch. ora.

             About OPEN from American Express®
             OPEN is the American Express team dedicated exclusively to the success of small business owners and their companies. The
             OPEN Team supports business owners with unparalleled service. With tailored products and services, the team delivers
             purchasing power, flexibility, control and rewards to help customers run their business. Specifically, business owner customers
             can leverage an enhanced set of products, tools, services and savings, including charge and credit cards, convenient access
             to working capital, robust online account management capabilities and savings on business services from an expanded lineup
             of partners. To obtain more information about OPEN, visit www.OPEN.com, or call 1-800-NOW-OPEN to apply for a Card or
             loan.

             Terms and conditions apply. American Express Company (www.americanexpress .com is a leading global payments , network
             and travel company founded in 1850.

             About The Jana Matthews Group
             The Jana Matthews Group provides consulting services and programs for growing companies . Their work with CEOs and
             Executive Teams focuses on building flexible , innovative companies ; developing high performance employees ; and achieving
             and sustaining long-term growth and continued profitability. For more information , visit wwwjanamatthewsaroup.com.




             11/10/2009
                                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0005809
