Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                      Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin@ alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Saturday, September 29, 2007 5:25 PM
         To:                        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR)
         Subject :                  RE: Replacements confidential


         Governor, I don't know if Marty is getting email today. She is at a special event for
         her father.  I am in your home town watching my grand son at a soccer tournament. I just
         looked at my email.



         Very respectfully can I be encouraging?



         You are doing a great job. In all these issues be you. Not Gov., not Republican, not
         like anyone else, just you. You are a real leader, follow your heart, head, gut. That is
         why Marty and I are back; we believe in you.   But it also takes a team / organization to
         handle lots of things happening all the time. The team must be organized and produce.
         Not efficient or fair if the load isn't managed, delegated, shared held accountable..



         I have learned that if a boss asks for something it was done, never should have to ask
         twice.  Don't have time to waste. Just delegate to the next person. Sends a hugh message
         to everyone else.



          You can always count on us to cover your back.



         As far as BP, I suspect it is response to weather and the type of outdoor work being done.
         Bruce and Jonne will find out for us.   God bless   Tom




         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

         To: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwinealaska.gov>; "Rutherford, Martha K (DNR)"
         <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>

         Sent: 9/29/07 12:51 PM

         Subject: Fw: Replacements confidential



         Fyi



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0005837
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

          Cc: Notti, Emil R (CED); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)

          Sent: Sat Sep 29 10:24:08 2007

          Subject: Replacements confidential




          Mike - the "To Do" list still includes informing (Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
          that the state thanks them for their service and now it' s time (it's overdue) to move on.



          What process are you, as COS, usin to accomplish this? Should I put it in commissioners'
          hands (I spoke with Emil about privile a yesterday and you told me you've already spoken with
          Leo about Privile ed ии I'll cc them in this note so they're prepared if they have to make
          the notifications), should I contact them myself, or have you already contacted them?



         I am ready to go on seeking replacements - pls let me know that these folks ' service has
         ended . If I must inform them myself I will, but I need to know your intention on this
         overdue action that will allow the state to move forward with better (Privileged or Personal Materi
         f'nvilegecl or Personal Material Redacted


         Thanks




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0005838
