Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
         Sent:                     Friday, September 28, 2007 2:38 PM
         To:                       Cayce; Sunny C (GOV)
         Subject:                  FW: Fish_and_Game




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Friday, September 28, 2007 2:49 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Fish-and-Game



        Web mail from: Mr. Gene Anderson                   _

        address: P.O. Box 135 New Stuyahok AK 99636

          907.693.4664



        MESSAGE:

        Dear Governor Palin:rnrnl just read your letter addressed to Congressman George Miller and
        I cannot thank you enough for your stand on this. The people in our village are heavily
        dependent on subsistence living and right now the bears are taking a heavy toll on the
        moose and caribou populations. I am sick and tired of animals having more rights than
        humans.   Thank you for being our governor and protecting our way of
        life.rnrnSincerely,rnrnGene V. AndersonrnPrincipalrnChief Ivan Blunka SchoolrnNew
        Stuyahok,   AK 99636



        ganderson@swrsd.org

        PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                               1



                                                                                                           PRA GSPOI_0005830
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             ,,from gene t                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



               Byers , Gail Y (LAW)

               From :    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [joe.balash@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Friday, September 28, 2007 7:03 PM
               To:       Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Davis; Marcia R (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR);
                         Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Scott; Antony G (DNR); Burnett; Jerry D (DOR);
                         Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: FW: from gene t

             FYI. Got this from my former boss today.




            6/9/2009

                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0005831
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Smaller Oil Companies Fuel UK's North Sea Revival
                by Benoit Faucon
                Dow Jones Newswires 9/25/2007
                URL: http://www.rigzone.com/news/article.asp?a id=50633

                LONDON Sep 25 , 2007 (From The Wall Street Journal via Dow Jones Newswires)

                Tax changes and investment incentives are transforming the landscape of Britain 's North Sea --
                reinvigorating Europe 's second- largest oil . basin after Norway and raising hopes that its long decline may
                slow.

                The revival has taken many n'the industry by. surprise; because when, the. government in 2005
                announced :it would raise taxes on oil production, big international companies warned the move would
                discourage investments.

                Two years later, the biggest oil companies are reducing their presence , but a clutch of smaller companies
                have moved in to fill the void. The shift ,` in. ownership suggests the government may , be able to capture
                more_ revenue, from high oil prices while, limiting risks to its energy security. needs.

                This year, Royal Dutch Shell PLC, Chevron Corp. and Exxon Mobil Corp. started to offload a sizable
                number of their North Sea fields, much as BP PLC and ConocoPhillips did last year. As they reduced
               thou exposure, small independent companies such as Fairfield Energy Ltd., Oilexco Inc., Venture
               Production PLC and Perenco SA seized.what they saw as a good opportunity. These smaller companies
               hang leaner cosysrugtures that make them better suited to the mature, high-tax basin, energy analysts
               say.

               The North Sea is to the United Kingdom what the Gulf of Mexico is to the U . S. -- a province that pipes oil
               and gas straight into one of the world 's largest economies , reducing its dependence on tight international
               energy markets.

               The future of the basin,' which in. 2006 . produced 2.9 million barrels of oil equivalent a day , is crucial to
               global "energy supply. But ever since a peak in 1999 , production has been in decline -- failing 10% in 2006
               -- as fields slowly deplete.

               Large companies have warned higher taxes could accelerate that trend and are speeding up asset-
               divestments programs . In August, Chevron said it was selling its interests in the Mariner and Bressay
               fields to Norway 's Norsk Hydro ASA for a sum not disclosed , pending regulatory approval . In June, Shell
               and Exxon Mobil unit Esso put a string of North Sea assets up for sale and entered exclusive negotiations
               to offload their Dunlin fields to Fairfield Energy of the U.K.

               The maf oil producers aren't^abandoning the North Sea altogether. The assets Shell put up for sale in
               June represent just 8% of its North Sea production . But Shell has said it will reduce its U.K. North Sea
               investment in the comin g years. Like e other r companies , it has moved to new areas such as Norway , Qatar,
               Wst Afna or Refind

               Oil companies raised a clamor last year when the British government raised tax on oil-production profits
               by 10 percentage points , bringing the tax rate to 50 %. The Labor government also said it wouldn 't rule out
               furthertax increases if it wins the next,elections, due no later than 2010 . The tax increase worsened what
               is already "a very high cost environment," says To Botts, Shell's head of exploration and production for
               Europe.




                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_ 0005832
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Smaller companies, though , seethe majors' pain as an opportunity. U.K. midsize company Venture
                Production , which bought a smaller peer for 224 million euros ($315.5 million ) last year, has said it is
                looking into buying the Shell and Esso assets.          .

                The U. K: fisca lsystem is 'the best, deal in the world;" says Arthur Millholland ?chief executive of Oilexco; a
                Canadian companythat .is moving aggressively into the North Sea.

                He pointed out that the U.K. rewards companies investing, in drilling wells vnth.a 100%o tax deduction on
                such investment compared with 25°q.'to 30%o in the U.S. This incentive, introduced in 2002, has been
                gradually expanded . The 100% tax deduction was deferred from 2005 to 2006, and new investment can
                be used to offset part of the tax for as many as six years.

                Meanwhile , a measure put into place in 2002 - the so -called Fallow Initiative -- is also helping. The
                measure forces companies to divest themselves of undeveloped acreage , and has been one of the
                factors pushing the major oil companies to monetize some of their licenses, the consultancy Hannon
                Westwood notes.

               The newcomers are now playing a big role in investment , According to Hannon Westwood, recent
               entrants , none of which are major producers , accounted for mode than_50% of all dulling in search of oil or
               natural gas in 2006, a proportion it expects will rise this year . The consultancy said drilling in 2005 and
               2006 reached its highest .1061 since 1998, with 116 wells.

               Oilexco drilled about a quarter of the wells in all of the U.K . North Sea during 2006 , more than BP, Shell,
               Total SA Chevron and ConocoPhillipspuftogether, according to figures from Wood Mackenzie, an
                                                                     ,
               energy-consulting company. Oilexco has expanded by acquiring stakes in North Sea fields that were left
               undeveloped by Chevron , Italy's Eni SpA or ConocoPhillips.

               The smaller companies benefit from their leaner_ cost structure . In particular, says Oilexco's Mr.
               Millholland, they employ fewer staff. 'We are as professional as big oil," he says . 'What we do not have is
               corp'_orate , bureaucrac .'

                                            : Gas U K., a British oil-industry association, disagrees that smaller companies
               can take wo man for Oil and U . K. tax rules than bigger ones. "A number of factors such as rising costs,
                         b      advantage of
               fiscal uncertainty and lower production levels is having an impact on [U.K . North Sea] competitiveness
               and these will affect the business decisions taken by companies no matter their size ," she says.

               Hannon Westwood says the ownership change will have a positive impact on oil production as acreage
               where no exploration is taking place is being acquired by more active players. It points out that
               exploration drilling in 2005 and 2006 discovered an estimated 1.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent.

               Mr. Millholland says he agrees with the U.K. government's view that the incentives will help
               slow the rate of decline of North Sea production:




                                                                                                                             2



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0005833
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown '
         From:                       Palin , Sarah (GOV sponsored) [ govpalin c@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                       Saturday, September 29, 2007 5:26 PM
         To:                         ftb907@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                    Re: Privileged

         In the meantime... I shall keep you two in many of these loops even though there's no
         "ask" of you from me. Just feels a lot better to know you guys know what's going on.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Sent :   Sat Sep 29 17:11:29 2007

         Subject: Re: Privileged



         For what its worth....        I'm hearing you. I will keep watching close for opportunities to
         help more.



         F

         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>



         Date: Sat, 29 Sep 2007 16:17:50

         To:ftb907@yahoo.com, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Re:    Privilege




    Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0005834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Sep 29 15:31:00 2007

           Subject: Re: Privileged or Pers^



          I really want to do absolutely everything I can to help push these things forward so you
         don't have to. I used to be afraid of getting fired, but what the hey I can always make
         latte's.  Seriously tho, if there's any way you see for Kris or I to push forward on these
         items (and I'll watch as well) ...don't hesitate to point me in the right direction if I
         don't pick up on it.



          F

           -----Original Message-----

          From: "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>



          Date : Sat, 29 Sep 2007 15:11:00

          To:ftb907@yahoo.com, "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
                                                            2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0005835
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Subject: Re:    Privileged or P




        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            ----- Original Message -----

            From : Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

            To: Palin ,   Sarah ( GOV sponsored ); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Sent :   Sat Sep 29 15:06:50 2007

            Subject: Re: Privileged



            I thought this was decided on 11 days ago on a Tues. Sure will be great to                      see some
         change in Privileged or Personal Material
                                                   Redacted
           F

            ------Original Message------

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

           Cc: Kris Perry

           Sent: Sep 29, 2007 2:51 PM

           Subject:    Privileged or



          How close are we to getting          Privilege Ion board? Hopefully that wii be taken care of this
        week.




                                                               3




                                                                                                          PRA GSP0I_0005836
