Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:    Monday, June 30, 2008 9:52 PM
              To:      Von Scheben; Leo (DOT); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
              Cc:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Re:
             Why must this be done in the next day or two?

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "Von Scheben, Leo (DOT)" <leo.vonscheben@alaska.gov>
             Date: Mon, 30 Jun 2008 09:14:12 -0800
             To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             CC: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)<randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>
             Subject:

             Governor, DOT&PF needs approval to proceed with a mitigation transaction for the Juneau Access
             project. The Department has asked Southeast Alaska Land Trust to obtain an in-holding in Point Bridget
             State Park that is for sale by a family that would like the land to be protected . The cost is approximately
             $500,000. While this purchase is to fulfill a mitigation commitment for JA, it can be used to mitigate
             impacts to marine waters from other projects (e.g. highways along a shore , ferry terminals , an airport in
             tidelands, etc.) if the JA project is not constructed . This acquisition will be made with federal
             transportation funds that are already obligated and in-hand for this purpose . The acquisition fulfills a
             commitment made by FHWA and is supported by resource agencies as it will protect habitat , and will
             benefit the state parks system because the land will be transferred to the park system rather than be
             privately developed.

             This mitigation process is required by all the resource agencies on all projects through the permitting
             process. It is a little like the 1% art factor on new buildings.

             SEAL Trust must submit a bid by July 3, the deadline set by BIA who holds the land in trust for the Native
             owner. The funds do not need to be transferred by then , but they need to know if the money will be
             available as soon as possible before July 3.

             LEO


   i




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPOI_0020015
