Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                   Monday, June 30, 2008 9:27 PM
           To:                     K Perry Yahoo; Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Cc:                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Subject:                Re: Update


           Pis don't wait for me to get the op ed out. It needs to be out asap.

           We're now in fairbanks. We didn't know the flight landed here before heading to Anchorage,
           so it'll be after midnight that I arrive in the valley. So don't look for me in the
           morning. Barrow was good- but very long travel home. Had we known, we'd have taken them up
           on their offer to return on the 2 hr flight on their jet. Trig is ready to be home and
           fed... as am I.

           ------Original Message------

           From: K Perry Yahoo

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           ReplyTo: K Perry Yahoo

           Sent: Jun 30, 2008 8:18 PM

           Subject: Update



           We worked through several iterations of the op ed response to Fagan today. We're sending
           it out for a final review and will have a draft for you in the morning. ADN knows, and
     I     we'll send it to them tomorrow.



           Today on Fagan's show, he was largely talking about other things - starting off with Billy
           Boy McAllister. I was only able to catch bits and pieces. But, one thing he said about
           statehood is that he's rec'd a lot of hate mail from his Sunday editorial. In reviewing
           the blog comments, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the majority of them were
           against him (and Gail). I think this all needs to be considered, along with input I've
           rec'd from others, on the op ed piece.



           Hope all went well in Barrow. Heard the weather was great. Wish I could have gone as I've
           never been but it is good I stayed, it was another busy day at office. All good though.
           Nizich will be up in the morning.



           Also, I picked up your suburban and it's parked at the house.




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                               1




                                                                                                             P RA_G S P01 _0020056
