Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of2


              Unknown

               From :   John Katz [jwkatz ALASKADC.orgJ
               Sent:    Tuesday, July 01,2008 4:16 AM
              To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session

               Senator Stevens contacted me last night to find out what you would think
               about his testifying at the special session on in-state energy issues.

              He does support an in-state solution. However, his primary objective would
              be to show the Congress how state oil revenues can be used to benefit the
              citizenry. He believes that the second special session will exemplify how
              opening ANWR and offshore areas in Alaska would provide significant non-tax
              revenues to the U.S. Treasury, thereby benefitting the economy in several
              ways.

              For whatever it's worth, I believe that this is a good idea. I'm not sure that
              anything will budge the Democratic Leadership in Congress, but the publicity
              should help keep the spotlight on Alaska's oil and gas resources.

              I think that the ultimate decision about his testifying must be made by the
              Legislature. However, the Senator didn't want to proceed without your
              approval. My guess is that the beneficial electoral implications are not lost on.
              the Senator, either.

              I also mentioned to him that we would probably respond to Dan Fagan's
              Sunday column, which I characterized as beyond fair criticism of a politician
              in a situation where Fagan had previously been apprized of the facts,

              Please let me know how you would like to proceed.


              John W. Katz
              Director of State/ Federal Relations
              and Special Counsel to the Governor
              iwkatz(akzlaskadc. org
              (202)624-5858




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                               P RA_G S P01 _0020046
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                              Page 2 of 2




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0020047
