Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                   Monday, June 30, 2008 2:01 PM
            To:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 3:00 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Douglas Brooks

            address: 452 Carrington Lane Douglasville GA 30135

             678 715 8179



           MESSAGE:

           To The Honorable Sarah Palin



           Governor, State of Alaska




           Mrs. Palin:



           As a life long Republican, I, along with many others, hope that you will come to the aid
           of your party and our great country and serve as our next Vice-President. Our party and
           our country need you. Our country is facing a crucial time in our history, not or whether
           or not Obama is elected but in many other areas. Our economy is almost in total ruin, our
           security is again facing a challenge, not just from without but from within, as the
           Supreme Court has now given our enemies the same rights as a citizen has. Schools have
           openly banned even the Pledge of Allegiance. Our borders are still not secured and far too
           many cities are clearly defying our laws by being sanctuary cites.




                                                               2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0020058
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            It is in times , such as these, that our country needs leadership , and I , along with many
            of my friends, believe that you along with Senator McCain will and can provide that
            leadership . As you can see , I am not a resident of the great State of Alaska , but even
            here in Georgia, we have heard about you and the great things you have done there.




            If there is anyway that I can help you, please let me know. I will write letters to
            Senator McCain, start a 527, or whatever it takes to help ensure that you are our next
            Vice-President.




            Thank you for your time and my prayers are with you.




            Douglas M. Brooks




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPOI _0020059
