Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@a(aska.govj
            Sent:                   Monday, June 30,2008 11:34 AM
            To:                     Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
            Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 7:50 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Carol Brannock

            address : 119 Victory Circle Willow Spring NC 27592




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,




            I am deeply concerned for our country. For the first time today I heard some politicians
            discussing running mates for John McCain. Your name was among the list. So, I have done
            my research and find your contributions to Alaska remarkable.




            I live in North Carolina and am a retired teacher of 30 years of service. I hope that you
            do become the VP nominee and that you make education one of your priorities. My daughter
            is a teacher and my son will soon be one. Both have and will have exorbitant educational
            loans to repay on less pay than they should have as teachers.




            I am excited about the possibility that you may be our next vice president!
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0020069
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Carol



           beachnc4@aol-com




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0020070
