Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, July 01 , 2008 8:44 AM
           To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored ); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 RE: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session


           Will do, Governor. Will e-mail them now.



           Rosanne Hughes

           Director of External Communications

            (907) 269-7450




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Tuesday, July 01, 2008 8:41 AM

           To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



           Pis follow up w them then. Thanks



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Tue Jul 01 08:27:50 2008

           Subject: RE: Senator Stevens /Second Special Session



           I haven't heard of anything, Governor, nor seen anything from them.



           Rosanne Hughes

           Director of External Communications

           (907) 269-7450




                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0020083
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Sent: Tuesday, July 01, 2008 8:25 AM

            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Subject: Fw: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



            Did the team ever follow up on the public messaging they were to do on this issue? (That
            was two wks ago...):



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            To: 'ivyfrye@yahoo.com' <ivyf rye@ yahoo. com>; 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; Perry,
            Kristina Y (GOV)

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Jul 01.08:21:06 2008

            Subject: Fw: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



            All opportunities need to be seized to get that msg out... Kris, did you ever           see anything
            from Marty or Joe on messaging this after the gasline mtg in my office two wks           ago?
            Remember they were going to do a public statement? Pls let them know that now           even the
            Senator is on it be we haven't been out there with the msg we've asked them to          ramp up.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            To: Katz, John W (GOV)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:44:50 2008

            Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



            I'd ask that you speak to him before his July 2 messaging even.

              And for what it's worth- I agree that gasline team's messaging re: in-state has NOT
           been aggressive or passionate enough to remind Alaskans that my FIRST goal is, and always
           has been, taking care of AK first. We've met recently on that- with my reminder about the
           of "Putting Alaskans First" campaign promise of mine... and I'm strongly encouraging AGIA
           team to tell Alaskans (and prove to all) that that IS the mission here with AGIA. They
                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020084
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            hace regrouped on that and they're looking for opportunities to reiterate our commitment
            to in-state use first. Thanks!



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:36:48 2008

            Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



            I will emphasize to the Senator that the Administration is very much on board with in-
            state use and also our plan for using petroleum revenues to address short term needs,
            particularly those related to energy costs.



            I think this is all we may need. to do for now. In honesty, messages from the gas team
            have,not registered well with the Senator although this may change in the aftermath of
            your recent meeting with him.



            When I wrote you earlier, I was unaware of the Senator's plans - and he did not mention
            them - to talk publicly on July 2nd and 3rd about his initiatives to "bring short and
            long-term energy relief to Alaskans." (See below).    His original idea was to use your
            initiatives and the second special session to show Congress how petroleum revenues could
            be used at the federal level.



            Perhaps, we should postpone a definitive response to the Senator until we see what
            transpires tomorrow. In the meantime, I can convey your thoughts about in-state use, etc
            and see how he responds.



            Does this sound like a plan?




           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE




           July 1, 2008




           Contacts: Aaron Saunders (907) 271-5915

                                                            3




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0020085
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                              Steve Wackowski   (202) 224-5122




           Senator Stevens to Discuss New Energy Initiatives at Press Events



           in Anchorage and Fairbanks




           ANCHORAGE, AK - Senator Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) announced today that he will outline his
           energy initiatives to bring short and long-term energy relief to Alaskans at press
           conferences in Anchorage and Fairbanks.




           The Anchorage press conference will be held on Wednesday, July 2 at 11 a.m. in his office
           in the Federal Building. This office is located at 222 West 7th Avenue #2, Room 569.




     t
     I
           The Fairbanks press conference will be held Thursday, July 3 at 9 a.m. at the Cold Climate
           Housing Research Center. This facility is located at 1000 Fairbanks Street.




          To attend, members of the press must RSVP to: aaron_saunders@stevens.senate.gov or
          steve-wackowski@stevens.senate.gov.




                                                            4




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0020086
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            John W. Katz

            Director of State/Federal Relations

            and Special Counsel to the Governor

            jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

            (202)624-5858




            >>> On 7/1/ 2008 at 11:05 AM, in message < D12754A53B2AED468149A15236EB769484E494
            @SOAJNUMSG02. soa.alaska . gov>, "Palin , Sarah ( GOV sponsored )" <govpalin@ alaska.gov > wrote:




            Does he realize we are very supportive of in state also and I've asked the AGIA team to
            ramp up that message publicly, as I fear that message was lost through the revealing of
            the TC-Alaska "big line" plan? Marty could provide the Senator more infomation on
            precisely what we're doing to ensure . in-state use and benefits of our gas . ( I'd hope his
            testimony would acknowledge that we're on the same page with in - state.)

               Also, hopefully he could weave in that    our Surplus Revenue Return proposal shows how
            oil/gas revenue DOES help ourselves as we    attempt to relieve burdens on AK residents by
            returning surplus dollars to them to help    meet the rising cost of living - it's a short
            term plan as we work towards conservation    and long term energy relief plans.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Tue Jul 01 04:16:08 2008

            Subject: Senator Stevens /Second Special Session



            Senator Stevens contacted me last night to find out what you would think about his
            testifying at the special session on in - state energy issues.



            He does support an in-state solution. However, his primary objective would be to show the
            Congress how state oil revenues can be used to benefit the citizenry. He believes that
            the second special session will exemplify how opening ANWR a'Ad offshore areas in Alaska
            would provide significant non-tax revenues to the U.S. Treasury, thereby benefitting the.
            economy in several ways.

                                                            5




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0020087
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           For whatever it's worth, I believe that this is a good idea. I'm not sure that anything
           will budge the Democratic Leadership in Congress, but the publicity should help keep the
           spotlight on Alaska's oil and gas resources.



           I think that the ultimate decision about his testifying must be made by the Legislature.
           However, the Senator didn't want to proceed without your approval.  My guess is that the
           beneficial electoral implications are not lost on the Senator, either.



           I also mentioned to him that we would probably respond to Dan Fagan's Sunday column, which
           I characterized as beyond fair criticism of a politician in a situation where Fagan had
           previously been apprized of the facts.



           Please let me know how you would like to proceed.




           John W. Katz

           Director of State/Federal Relations

           and Special Counsel to the Governor

           jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

            (202)624-5858




                                                         6




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020088
