Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:      Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [/0=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KLMORGAN]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, July 02, 2008 12:31 PM
                  To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Cc:        Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
                  Subject: Greta Clark: Vision for the Yupik People

                 Governor,

                I wanted to convey the conversation that I had with Greta Clark , the woman you met at One Lord Sunday in the
                Valley. Greta wanted to share with you the vision that she felt God had given her for the Yupik people in
                particular, but which is applicable for all Natives ; you asked me to get her phone number so that our office might
                contact her later.

                Greta is a Christian and a prayer warrior, and she says there is still a tremendous amount of pain in Alaska's
                Native communities due to Non-native on Native injustice and duplicity. When she visits these. communities with
                her ministry, she tells them of the apologies she's received from Non-natives for the way the Native people have
                been treated, apologies that have helped her move forward. She says that - especially in the far north =- they
                respond with, "We have not heard this! We're hurt! They broke our trust, stole from us, and hurt us. We don't
                believe what you have said they say."

                Greta longs for reconciliation and healing. She believes this can only begin with a public apology. She said that it
                needs to be someone who can reach across the line of pain, eventually suggesting that if you felt God lead you in
                this direction, that you be the one to issue such an apology at an upcoming AFN conference, if the opportunity
                presented itself. Greta believes that a public apology would begin deep healing, bring political alignment, and
                provide opportunity for the Native communities - right now, Greta says that most far north Native communities are
                NOT supportive of AGIA, because they fear the land will be ruined or taken from them even further. She thinks
                they would support your efforts to build a gasline, if they knew that you loved them and were caring for their best
                interests. She mentioned Todd, saying that the fact that your husband is Native would strengthen the impact your
                apology would have. Greta believes that the apology would help Native communities move past their pain.

                I asked Greta if she was connected to a prayer network, and she laughed and said, "Oh, yes!" She said they
                keep you in their prayers, and are constantly bringing their wounded people before God. I thanked her and asked
                her to continue to do so; in the case that you speak at future.AFN's, you will most certainly have prayer cover
                from the Native community.

                I don't know what your upcoming schedule looks like, although I'm certain it's busy; but if you do have such an
                opportunity, and you feel you should take it, I would be privileged to assist you with remarks to move forward on
                the path to reconciliation. Please let me know if you have any questions for me regarding this conversation/topic,
                and thank you for your time.

                Kate Morgan
                Communications Coordinator
                Office of Governor Sarah Patin
                (907) 269-7450




                8/26/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0020103
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY                                                                   Page 1 of 4



                  Unknown

                  From:      Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
                  Sent:      Wednesday , July 02, 2008 8:10 AM
                  To:        'Sarah Palin'
                  Subject: FW: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                From: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
                Sent: Wednesday, July 02, 2008 8:09 AM
                To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Subject: RE: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                4 The Sheffield meeting is at 11am. Meg, once you hear let me know so I can change whim if necessary.



                From: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Sent: Wednesday, July 02, 2008 8:07 AM
                To: ExtemalEmailgsp; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
                Subject: RE: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                you both are making me nervous. ;)


                From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
                Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 8:02 AM
                To: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
                Cc: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                Yeah, me too
                ;)

                Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


                From : "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
                Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 07:41:07 -0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                CC: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)<meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
                Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                Um, no ;) I pulled over

                --- Original Message ----
                From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                To: Peny, Kristina Y (GOV)
                Cc: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Sent : Wed Jul 02 07:29:412008
                Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                Amen.



                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020104
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY                                                                                      Page 2 of 4


                U textin and drivin? Didn't u just pass a law...,)

                Sent from my B1ackBer y® device from Cellular One



                From : "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
                Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 07:20:38 -0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                CC: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)<meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
                Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY


                P.s. If ok w/ts, it would be great. Strong msg.

                --- Original Message ---
                From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                Cc: Stapleton , Meghan N (DNR)
                Sent: Wed Jul 02 07: 09:18 2008
                Subject: Fw: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

               Kris: Rosanne can't print the attachments for me, she emailed that she's at the airport ... did she cc you in her reply to me on
               that (I already deleted it). If not, she should have.
               I'll reschedule with Wally and will even go to his office to get chewed out instead of missing TS's presser , if TS wants me
               there. I just need to know when and where and if he wants me there.

                Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



               From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan .stapleton@alaska.gov>
               Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 06:24:54 -0800
               To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska .gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)<kurtis.gibson@alaska .gov>; Stapleton,
               Meghan N (DNR)<meghan .stapleton@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Subject: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY


               Governor,

               Good morning! I wanted to make sure that you received this information , as Katz sent to your GOV sponsored email address
               and not the yahoo address. Kurt and I were pulled into this conversation yesterday and began working an independent stream
               to get information to you. I hope that we are adding to your knowledge and not repeating information that you already have.

               The note below and the attached are in preparation for this morning and any potential questions you receive regarding
               Senator Stevens' energy announcement this morning . The first attachment entitled "Senator Stevens Visit kkg" is a set of
               talking points / statement that you could make regarding the energy announcement today . The second attachment entitled
               "Stevens Conversation " reflects the notes / outline I made following several conversations yesterday with Stevens' staffers,
               including his energy policy coordinator, his deputy chief of staff, and some of his communications folks . I don't know if you
               agree with everything the Senator is going to announce but the notes reflect what he will announce today.

               The bottomline in all this is how incredibly excited his staffers were to be speaking with someone from your office other than
               Katz. Based upon their reaction, they see your offices in Alaska as different and more personally reflective of you than John
               Katz who is absolutely wonderful, but an expected and necessary relationship. I used to converse with them (communications
               side) and they said that no one's called them to discuss matters other than Katz on a daily basis , and they were excited that
               your office was reaching out again and engaging them. It should be a positive experience today and no need for any defensive
               talk or action.

               When I called the Senator's office, I mentioned that I was interested in the Senator 's specific remarks today because you were
               most likely going to be contacted and wanted to be able to make positive comments about the Senator's efforts and see how



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020105
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY                                                                                    Page 3 of 4


                we could work together . They were thrilled and immediately the calls came in with the specifics and even asking questions of
                you: do you have any ideas to encourage fuel efficiency I transportation cost effectiveness on the stateside? And do you know
                if nuclear power is prohibited in the state and is there anything we can do to work on that?

                At this point, we need direction from you as to what you 'd like to do. If you wanted to stand with the Senator during the press
                conference, we can push for that and arrange that as they first mentioned that as an option yesterday and I merely said that I
                wasn't prepared to speak to your schedule and didn't even know if you were in town . Would you like to attend the press
                conference? Would you like to issue a press statement or a press release touting his plan (we'll have someone at the press
                conference to ensure that the Senator stays with his comments)? Or would you just like to wait for press calls and handle it
                that way?

                Once you know the direction, I'll work up something for you and assist Sharon in meeting your goals for today.

                Thank you, Governor.
                Meghan




                From: John Katz [mailto:iwkatz(llALASKADC.orgl
                Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM
                To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurds K (DNR); Rutherford,
                Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W
                (GOV)
                Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens


                Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

                I'm not sure where to start . It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in these dynamics.

                Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the Governor on a few specific points. I have
                responded twice to him by email, and he replied last night. He has not been copying his staffon our email exchange. So, I
                haven't either.

                I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as follows -

                *     The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an energy policy that addresses national
                and state concerns.
                *     He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem to have a problem with this . This could be as
                early as July I Oth.
                *     The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum dollars can be used to address short and
                long-term needs. Right now, the cost of energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                *     The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state production and use of natural gas, and I
                have.
                *     The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will announce a two-step, public/private
                partnership to provide affordable natural gas to the railbelt.
                *    The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the hope that we can work with the
                Senator on this.
                *     This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not comment specifically on all of the points I
                raised. However, he clearly wants to work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.

                A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR and using the revenues therefrom.
                Circumstances are changing slowly for the better. However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly



                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0020106
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY                                                                                       Page 4 of 4


               opposed to opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

               We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come close on prior occasions. In the current
               budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

               I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.

               p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of what has occurred thus far. Please
               keep in confidence.




               John W. Katz
               Director of State/Federal Relations
               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               jwkatz@alaskadc.org <madto:iwkatz@alaskadc.org>
               (202)624-5858

               >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
               <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSG03.soa.alaska.gov>, "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)"
               <meghan .stapleton @alaska.gov> wrote:

               John,

               Good morning!

               First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications. So, hello again!

               Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been working on
               potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about the Senator's energy plans or if she's asked to participate in the
               press conference. Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I know and they were incredibly receptive to
               assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called them to say hello and ask for information. One even
               suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator which probably doesn't even work with her schedule, but I don't
               know. At this point, we're treating this press conference as something she may have to respond to and we'd like to do so in a
               positive manner.

               Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line. And so as I put the talking
               points together and outline my conversation with his office, I was wondering if you could check against your information and
               add to it. Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your schedule, so that the Governor can
               look at this first thing in the morning.

               Thanks so much,
               Meghan




               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0020107
