Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor©alaska.govj
            Sent:                   Tuesday, July 01, 200810:13 AM
            To:                     'dlsdmd@hopper.net
            Subject:                RE: Oil&amp;Gas


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Monday, June 30, 2008 6:11 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Oil&amp;Gas



            Web mail from: Mr. David Skees

            address: PO BOx 627 Snead AL 35952

             205-466-7188



            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin, You are an encouragement!! Not bad for a "girl"to stand up to the
            left wing, America hating libs!!  Just kidding about the girl part!!   It breaks my heart
            to see the greatest nation in the history of the world being brought down by globalist,
            misplaced guilt laden liberals!  These goons live in compunds are insulated by their
            wealth from the real world. Keep up the fight! I hope we see you more and more on the
            national scene!!  What, you didn't have any abortions? Thank God you did not! What a
            beautiful family!! May God bless everything you put your hand to!! Sincerely, David L.
            Skees DMD, FAGD




            PS:  For humor, our conservative women always look better than the libs! It is amazing
            what a clean heart can do for one's countenance!



            dlsdmd@hopper.net




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020147
