Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@a)aska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, July 01, 2008 10:21 AM
           To:                      'judi@Iongpassages.org'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor- Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, June 30, 2008 8:30 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Judith Nester

           address: 54326 East End Rd. Homer AK 99603

             907 235-1238



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Govenor Palin




           My husband, Bob Burns, and I had the privilege of meeting you last week at the bill
           signing ceremony in Homer. We really enjoyed the experience.




           We are new to Alaska and as such it was wonderful to shake hands with the Governor and to
           learn that you and your family have a real connection to Homer. Bob and I fell in love
           with Homer when we first set eyes on it and decided almost instantly that we wanted to
           make it our home.




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020142
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Our background before settling here was 14 years of living on a sailboat and sailing
           around the world, seeing over 50 countries and meeting people of all ages, ethnicity and
           religions . So we were really looking for someplace special to spend the rest of our
           years.




           I know that you are a very busy person, but , if you have time on your next trip to Homer,
           we would enjoy having you and your family stop . by our home for a visit . I will, of
           course , understand if this is not possible.




           If, during your busy schedule , you would like to take some time out to know more about our
           world cruise , you can check out www . longpassages . org or our current website,
           www.landpassages.com.




           Additionally , we took several pictures at the bill signing ceremony in Homer and would be
           happy to send you a CD of the photos if you would like them.




           We can be reached on 907-235-1238. Our email is:      longpassages@ gmaii.com




           Sincerely,




           Judi Nester




           Bob Burns




           judi@ longpassages.org




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020143
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0020144
