Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Palin , Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                   Tuesday, July 01, 2008 7:45 AM
           To:                      Katz; John W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session


           I'd ask that you speak to him before his July 2 messaging even.

              And for what it's worth- I agree that gasline team's messaging re: in-state has NOT
           been aggressive or passionate enough to remind Alaskans that my FIRST goal is, and always
           has been, taking care of AK first. We've met recently on that- with my reminder about the
           of "Putting Alaskans First" campaign promise of mine... and I'm strongly encouraging AGIA
           team to tell Alaskans (and prove to all) that that IS the mission here with AGIA. They
           hace regrouped on that and they're looking for opportunities to reiterate our commitment
           to in-state use first. Thanks!



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y(GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:36:48 2008

           Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



           I will emphasize to the Senator that the Administration is very much on board with in-
           state use and also our plan for using petroleum revenues to address short term needs,
           particularly those related to energy costs.



           I think this is all we may need to do for now. In honesty, messages from the gas team
           have not registered well with the Senator although this may change in the aftermath of
           your recent meeting with him.



           When I wrote you earlier, I was unaware of the Senator's plans - and he did not mention
           them - to talk publicly on July 2nd and 3rd about his initiatives to "bring short and
           long-term energy relief to Alaskans." (See below).    His original idea was.to use your
           initiatives and the second special session to show Congress how petroleum revenues could
           be used at the federal level.



           Perhaps, we should postpone a definitive response to the Senator until we see what
           transpires tomorrow.  In the meantime, I can convey your thoughts about in-state use, etc
           and see how he responds.



           Does this sound like a plan?




                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0020197
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE




            July 1, 2008




            Contacts: Aaron Saunders (907) 271-5915



                               Steve Wackowski (202) 224-5122




            Senator Stevens to Discuss New Energy Initiatives at Press Events



            in Anchorage and Fairbanks




            ANCHORAGE, AK - Senator Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) announced today that he will outline his
            energy initiatives.to bring short and long-term energy relief to Alaskans at press
            conferences in Anchorage and Fairbanks.




            The Anchorage press conference will be held on Wednesday, July 2 at 11 a.m. in his office
            in the Federal Building. This office is located at 222 West 7th Avenue #2, Room 569.




            The Fairbanks press conference will be held Thursday, July 3 at 9 a.m. at the Cold Climate
            Housing Research Center. This facility is located at 1000 Fairbanks Street.




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0020198
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            To attend, members of the press must RSVP to:       aaron_saunders @ stevens.senate.gov or
            steve-wackowski @ stevens . senate.gov.




             John W. Katz

             Director of State/Federal Relations

            and Special Counsel to the Governor

             jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

             (202)624-5858




             >>> On 7/1/2008 at 11:05 AN, in message <D12754A53B2AED468149A15236E3769464E494
             @SOAJNUMSGO2.soa.alaska.gov>, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov> wrote:




            Does he realize we are very supportive of in state also and I've asked the AGIA team to
            ramp up that message publicly, as I fear that message was lost through the revealing of
            the TC-Alaska "big line" plan? Marty could provide the Senator more infomation on
            precisely what we're doing to ensure in-state use and benefits of our gas. (I'd hope his
            testimony would acknowledge that we're on the same page with in-state.)

               Also, hopefully he could weave in that    our Surplus Revenue Return proposal shows how
            oil/gas revenue DOES help ourselves as we    attempt to relieve burdens on AK residents by
            returning surplus dollars to.them to help    meet the rising cost of living - it's a short
            term plan as we work towards conservation    and long term energy relief plans.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                                                            3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0020199
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                               ra a




            Sent : Tue Jul 01 04:16: 08 2008

            Subject : Senator Stevens / Second Special Session



            Senator Stevens contacted me last night to find out what you would think about his
            testifying at the special session on in-state energy issues.



            He does support an in-state solution. However, his primary objective would be to show the
            Congress how state oil revenues can be used to benefit the citizenry. He believes that
            the second special session will exemplify how opening ANWR and offshore areas in Alaska
            would provide significant non-tax revenues to the U.S. Treasury, thereby benefitting the
            economy in several ways.



            For whatever it's worth , I believe that this is a good idea . I'm not sure that anything
            will budge the Democratic Leadership in Congress , but the publicity should help keep the
            spotlight on Alaska ' s oil and gas resources.



            I think that the ultimate decision about his testifying must be made by the Legislature.
            However, the Senator didn ' t want to proceed without your approval . My guess is that the
            beneficial electoral implications are not lost on the Senator , either.



            I also mentioned to him that we would probably respond to Dan Fagan ' s Sunday column, which
            I characterized as beyond fair criticism of a politician in a situation where Fagan had
            previously been apprized of the facts.



            Please let me know how you would like to proceed.




            John W. Katz

            Director of State / Federal Relations

            and Special Counsel to the Governor

            jwkatz@alaskadc . org <mailto :j wkatz@alaskadc.org>

            (202)624-5858




                                                              4




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0020200
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             . Re: Thank You All!                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Sent:      Tuesday, July 01, 2008 8:03 AM
                To:        Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Lefebvre; Richard A (DNR)
                Cc:        Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Thank You AII!
                Excellent work on this, all! Thank you sincerely!

                Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


                From : "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>
                Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2008 07:44:57 -0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>;
                Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)<mindy.rowland@alaska.gov>; Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR)
                <richard.lefebvre@alaska.gov>
                CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                <mike.nizich@alaska. gov>
                Subject: Re: Thank You All!

                Dick, would you help the Governor's office with this?

                Also thanks for all your help on the move. Tom

                ---- Original Message
                From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)
                Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:36:512008
                Subject: Re: Thank You All!

                Can you let the public know of this? Remember critics said we'd never actually follow through with this- Alaskans
                need to know of your great work with this! We can do a presser...

                Sent from my BlackBeny® device from Cellular One



                From: "Irwin, Tom E (DNR)" <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>
                Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2008 07:24:41-0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                Subject: Fw: Thank You All!


               Habitat has been formally moved back to ADFG. I thought you would want to see this letter from DNR to Habitat.

                Governor, thanks for all your support in this move. Another accomplishment for Alaska. Tom

               ----- Original Message
               From: Lefebvre, Richard A (DNR)
               To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
               Sent: Tue Jul 0107:10:23 2008
               Subject: FW: Thank You All!




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020201
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                               Page I of 3


                Unknown

                From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Sent:     Wednesday, July 02, 2008 6:38 AM
                To:       Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR)
                Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY
                Btw, I wonder if this is why Begich tried to reach me yesterday. I left a voice
                mail w him in returning his call.
                Anyway, if TS chooses not to have me participate at his press conf, let's do our
                presser w your comments below:

                Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


                From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
                Date : Wed, 02 Jul 2008 06:24:54 -0800
                To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
                <kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                <sharon.leighow@alaska. gov>
                Subject: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                Governor,

                Good morning ! I wanted to make sure that you received this information , as Katz sent to your GOV
                sponsored email address and not the yahoo address . Kurt and I were pulled into this conversation
                yesterday and began working an independent stream to get information to you . I hope that we are
                adding to your knowledge and not repeating information that you already have.

                The note below and the attached are in preparation for this morning and any potential questions you
                receive regarding Senator Stevens' energy announcement this morning . The first attachment entitled
                "Senator Stevens Visit kkg " is a set of talking points / statement that you could make regarding the
                energy announcement today. The second attachment entitled "Stevens Conversation" reflects the
                notes / outline I made following several conversations yesterday with Stevens' staffers, including his
                energy policy coordinator, his deputy chief of staff , and some of his communications folks. I don't know if
                you agree with everything the Senator is going to announce but the notes reflect what he will announce
                today.

                The bottomline in all this is how incredibly excited his staffers were to be speaking with someone from
                your office other than Katz. Based upon their reaction, they see your offices in Alaska as different and
                more personally reflective of you than John Katz who is absolutely wonderful, but an expected and
                necessary relationship. I used to converse with them (communications side) and they said that no one's
                called them to discuss matters other than Katz on a daily basis, and they were excited that your office
                was reaching out again and engaging them. It should be a positive experience today and no need for
                any defensive talk or action.

                When I called the Senator's office, I mentioned that I was interested in the Senator's specific remarks
                today because you were most likely going to be contacted and wanted to be able to make positive
                comments about the Senator's efforts and see how we could work together. They were thrilled and
                immediately the calls came in with the specifics and even asking questions of you: do you have any
                ideas to encourage fuel efficiency I transportation cost effectiveness on the stateside? And do you know
                if nuclear power is prohibited in the state and is there anything we can do to work on that?




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0020202
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                           ^.^                       ·_, 4         -.:.                       ^*
                                                                                             ': i   _ .fit.




                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


               At this point, we need direction from you as to what you'd like to do. If you wanted to stand with the Senator during
               the press conference, we can push for that and arrange that as they first mentioned that as an option yesterday and
               I merely said that I wasn't prepared to speak to your schedule and didn't even know if you were in town. Would you
               like to attend the press conference? Would you like to issue a press statement or a press release touting his plan
               (we'll have someone at the press conference to ensure that the Senator stays with his comments)? Or would you
               just like to wait for press calls and handle it that way?

                Once you know the direction, I'll work up something for you and assist Sharon in meeting your goals for today.

                Thank you, Governor.
                Meghan




               From: John Katz [maiito:jwkatz@AL.ASKADC.org]
               Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM
               To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
               Cc: Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR);
               Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow,
               Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens

               Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

               I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
               these dynamics.

               Senator Stevens sent me, an email two days ago asking me to consult with the
               Governor on a few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he
               replied last night. He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I
               haven't either.

               I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as
               follows -

                   · The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
                     energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.
                   · He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
                     problem with this. This could be as early as. July 10th.
                   · The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
                     dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs. Right now, the cost of
                     energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                   · The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
                     production and use of natural gas, and I have.
                   · The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will
                     announce a two-step, public/private partnership to provide affordable natural gas
                     to the railbelt.
                   · The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the


               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020203
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 3 of 3


                    hope that we can work with the Senator on this.
                  . This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not
                    comment specifically on all of the points I raised. However, he clearly wants to
                    work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.

               A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR
               and using the revenues therefrom. Circumstances are changing slowly for the better.
               However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to
               opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

               We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come
               close on prior occasions. In the current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

               I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.

               p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
               what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




               John W. Katz
               Director of State/Federal Relations
               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               wwk atzXa. alaskadc.org
               (202)624-5858

               >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
               <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSG03. soa.alaska.gov>,
               "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:
                 I John,

                  Good morning!

                  First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello again!

                  Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been
                  working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about the Senator's energy plans or if she's
                  asked to participate in the press conference . Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I
                  know and they were incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
                  them to say hello and ask for information. One even suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator
                  which probably doesn't even work with her schedule , but I don't know. At this point, we're treating this press
                  conference as something she may have to respond to and we'd Ike to do so in a positive manner.

                  Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line . And so as I put the
                  talking points together and outline my conversation with his office, I was wondering if you could check against
                  your information and add to it . Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish , if that works with your
                  schedule, so that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.

                  Thanks so much,
                  Meghan




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020204
