Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Tuesday, July 01, 2008 7:59 AM
            To:                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
            Subject:                Fw: Exxon


            S- pls do presser on this. Thanks

            Sent from my B1ackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date : Tue, 1 Jul 2008 15:57:58

            To: Talis Colberg<talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

            Cc: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Rosanne Hughes<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>;
            K Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Exxon




            Talis- pls have one of your folks draft a short letter to Exxon "encouraging" them to pay
            the $500mil. (See today's ADN story today) we need to be on the record as telling them to
            pay up, end this thing, end this misery. Then we're doing a presser on it (in fact let's
            do the presser stating I've asked DOL to write this letter).

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0020184
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ETS Education Research Update                                                                            Page 1 of 5


               Unknown

               From:      Governor Sarah Paiin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Tuesday, July 01 , 2008 9:22 AM
               To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: ETS Education Research Update - June 2008



               From: ETS Education Research Update [mailto : R&Dweb@ets.org]
               Sent: Monday, June 30, 2008 10:40 AM
               To: Governor Sarah Paiin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: ETS Education Research Update - June 2008




                       ETS produces research-related materials on a variety of topics. PDFs of publications are
                       free, when available, at www.ets.org. When research reports are awaiting journal
                       publication, print copies (for individual use only) can be requested via e-mail at
                       R&DWebd5ets.org.

                       In This Edition:

                       ETS on the Issues

                          · Windows on Achievement and Inequality
                          · Adult Education in America

                    ETS Research Report Series

                           · A Developmental Writing Scale
                           · An Alternative Data Collection Design for Equating With Very Small Samples
                           · An Initial Field Trial of an instrument for Measuring Learning Strategies of Middle
                              School Students
                           · AneMic Scoring of TOEFL® CBT Essavs· Scores From Humans and E-rater®
                           · Approaches to the Design of Diagnostic item Models
                          · Asymptotic Limits of item Parameters in Joint Maximum -Likelihood Estimation for the
                              Rasch Model
                          · Automated Scoring of Short-Answer Open-Ended GRE® Subject Test items
                          · Comparing Alternative Kernels for the Kernel Method of Test Equating : Gaussian
                              Logistic and Uniform Kemeis
                          · Comparing Different Aoproaches of Bias Correction for Ability Estimation in IRT
                              Models
                          · Continuous Exponential Families: An Equating Tool
                          · Effect of Immediate Feedback and Revision on Psychometric Properties of Open-
                              Ended GRE® Subject rest items
                          · Effect of Immediate Feedback and Revision on Psychometric Properties of Open-
                              Ended Sentence-Completion items
                          · Evaluating the Effectiveness of a Full-Population Estimation Method
                          · Examining an Alternative to Score Equating : A Randomly Equivalent Forms
                             broach
                          · Examining the impact of Audio Presentation on Tests of Reading Comprehension
                          · Factor Structure of the TOEFL® Internet-Based Test (iBTY Exploration in a Field Trial
                             Sample
                          · Impossible Scores Resulting in Zero Frequencies in the Anchor Test Impact on
                            Smoothing and Equating



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0020185
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              ETS Education Research Update                                                                                   Page 2 of 5


                                  · investigating the Criterion-Related Validity of the TOEFL® Speaking Scores for ITA
                                      Screening and Setting Standards for ITAs
                                  · Linking for the General Diagnostic Model
                                  · Model-Based Weighting and Comparisons
                                  · One Approach to Detecting the Invariance of Proficiency Standards Over Time
                                  · Predicting Grades in Different Types of College Courses
                                  · Robustness of a Value-Added Assessment of School Effectiveness
                                  · Theoretical and Empirical Standard Errors for Two Population invariance Measures
                                     in the Linear Equating Case




                             'STS on the Issues:

                             Windows on Achievement and Inequality
                             This Policy Information Report provides a panoramic view of educational achievement by
                             examining a variety of data and measures beyond those that are typically reported.
                             Read more.
                             <Back to the Too


                             Adult Education in America
                             The issue of ETS Policy Notes (Volume 16, No. 1) briefly summarizes the results of the Adult
                             Education Program Survey sponsored by the U.S. Department of Education and conducted
                             by ETS.
                             Read more.

                             <Back to the Too




                             ETS Research Report Series:

                             The ETS Report Series database contains abstracts of all reports issued since the series'
                             inception in 1948. The database also has PDF versions of most of the recent reports. To
                             search the database, visit ReSEARCHER.

                             A Developmental Writing Scale
                             Grade norms were developed in this study for timed -writing performance in two.modes of
                             writing: persuasive and descriptive. The report also described a trajectory of development
                             for students from 4th grade to 12th grade in writing performance . Important factors affecting
                             performance were explored, including prompt difficulty, writing mode, and student
                             background. (ETS RR-08-19. Authors: Y. Attalt & D. Powers)
                             Read more.

                             <Back to on Too


                             An Alternative Data Collection Design for Equating With Very Small Samples
                             Equatings in the SiGNET and NEAT designs were compared in this study , which found
                             reduced bias and error for the SIGNET design in very small sample size situations. (ETS
                             RR-08-1 1. Authors: G. Puhan, T. Moses, M. Grant & F. McHale)
                             Read more.

                             <Back to the Too


                             An Initial Field Trial of an Instrument for Measuring Learning Strategies of Middle
                             School Students
                             In response to the lack of available learning strategies measures for middle school students,
                             this study designed the Middle School Learning Strategies (MSLS) scale. The MSLS
                             assesses behavioral, cognitive and metacognitive strategies. (ETS RR-08-03. Authors: O.L.
                             Liu, T. Jackson & G. Ling)
                             Read more .

                             <Back to the Ton


                             Analytic Scoring of TOEFL® CBT Essays: Scores From Humans and Erater®



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01 _0020186
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ETS Education Research Update                                                                                     Page 3 of 5


                              This study investigated the distinctness and reliability of analytic rating dimensions and their
                              relationships to holistic scores and e-rater® essay feature variables in the context of the
                              TOEFL® CBT writing assessment . (TOEFL Research Report No. TOEFL -RR-81, ETS RR-
                              08-01 . Authors: Y: W. Lee, C. Gentile & R. Kantor)
                              Read more.

                              <Badc to the Too


                              Approaches to the Design of Diagnostic Item Models
                              This report reviewed research on diagnostic assessment and then looked at approaches to
                              diagnostic assessment and how they can inform the design of diagnostic item models. (ETS
                              RR-08-07. Author: E. A. Graf)
                              ResV more

                              <Back to the Too


                              Asymptotic Limits of Hem Parameters in Joint Maximum-Likelihood Estimation for the
                              Rasch Model
                              In this report, techniques were developed for approximation and exact computation of the
                              asymptotic limit of the item parameter estimates obtained by application of joint maximum-
                              likelihood estimation to the Rasch model . (ETS RR-08-04. Author. S. J. Haberman)
                              Reg

                              <Back to the Too


                              Automated Scoring of Short-Answer Open-Ended GRE® Subject Test Items
                              A sample of examinees answered short-answer GRE® subject test items in biology and
                              psychology and received immediate feedback via the c-rater ' scoring engine. Subsequent
                              human scoring of the responses pointed to the quality of automated scoring . (GRE Board
                              Research Report No. 04-02, ETS RR-08 -20. Authors: Y. Attali, D. Powers, M. Freedman, M.
                              Harrison & S. Obetz)
                              Read more.

                              <Ba to the Top


                              Comparing Alternative Kernels for the Kernel Method of Test Equating: Gaussian,
                              Logistic and Uniform Kernels
                              This report investigated two alternative kernels for equating: the logistic kernel and
                              continuous uniform distribution . Results indicate kernel function tail properties impact
                              continuized score distributions, but equated scores do not vary much. (ETS RR-08-12.
                              Authors: Y.-H. Lee & A. A. von Davier)
                              Read more.

                              -Back to the Too


                              Comparing DifferentApproaches of Bias Correction forAbiiity Estimation in IRT
                              Models
                              Use of expected response functions and the corrected weighted-likelihood estimator were
                              investigated in this study to deal with uncertainty regarding item parameters for ability
                              estimation. (ETS RR-08-13. Authors: Y: H. Lee & J. Zhang)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Continuous Exponential Families: An Equating Tool
                              This report described use of continuous exponential families in equating , developed
                              appropriate methods for estimation and model evaluation, and compared results to those
                              from more conventional approaches to equipercentile equating. (ETS RR-08-05. Author. S.
                              J. Haberman)
                              Read more.

                              <Badc to the Too


                              Effect of immediate Feedback and Revision on Psychometric Properties of Open-
                              Ended GRE® Subject Test Items
                              In an experiment on the revision effect, examinees for two GRE® subject tests answered
                              constructed-response questions and received feedback from the c-rat0w scoring engine.
                              Participants corrected many answers , resulting in higher revised scores. (GRE Board
                              Research Report No. 04-05, ETS RR-08-21 . Authors: Y. Attali & D. Powers)



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020187
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ETS Education Research Update                                                                                   Page 4 of 5


                              grad more.

                              <Back to tlteToo


                              Effect of Immediate Feedback and Revision on Psychometric Properties of Open-
                              Ended Sentence-Completion Hems
                              A sample of examinees were provided with both immediate feedback on the correctness of
                              an answer for some open-ended sentence-completion items and the opportunity to revise
                              answers on the GRE®. Higher revised scores resulted . In addition, the reliability of the
                              revised scores and their correlation with GRE verbal scores were higher . (GRE Board
                              Research Report No. 03-15, ETS RR-08-16. Authors: Y. Attali, D. Powers & J. Hawthorn)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Evaluating the Effectiveness of a Full-Population Estimation Method
                              This report investigated plausible explanations for the observed heterogeneity among
                              jurisdictions in exclusion rates of students with disabilities and/or students who are English
                              language learners from NAEP administrations. (ETS RR-08-18. Authors: H. Braun, J. Zhang
                              & S. Vezzu)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Examining an Alternative to Score Equating: A Randomly Equivalent Forms
                              Approach
                              This study investigated the plausibility of assembling randomly equivalent forms (REF) by
                              stratified random assignment of items from an item pool. (ETS RR-08-14. Authors: C: W.
                              Liao & S . A. Livingston)
                              Read more.

                              <Ba ktotheToo


                              Examining the impact of Audio Presentation on Tests of Reading Comprehension
                              This study examined the impact of a read-aloud accommodation on scores from
                              standardized tests of reading comprehension at Grades 4 and 8. Results showed that the
                              mean score on the audio version was higher than scores on the standard version both for
                              students with learning disabilities and those without. (ETS RR-08-23. Authors: C. Cahalan
                              Laitusis, L.L. Cook, F. Cline, T. King & J: Sabatini)
                              Read more.

                               Back to the Too


                              Factor Structure of the TOEFL ® Internet-Based Test (W7): Exploration In a Field Trial
                              Sample
                              in this investigation of the factor structure of a field trial sample of TOEFL® iBT, results
                              broadly supported current reporting of four scores (for reading, listening, speaking and
                              writing) and a total score. (TOEFL IBT Report No. TOEFLiBT-04, ETS RR-08-09. Authors:
                              Y. Sawaki, L. Stricker & A. Oranje)
                              Read more

                              <Back to the Too


                              Impossible scores Resulting in Zero Frequencies in the Anchor Test. Impact on
                              Smoothing and Equating
                              This study examined the effect of the zero frequencies on log-linear smoothing of score.
                              distributions and final equating results. (ETS RR-08-1 0. Authors: G. Puhan, A. A. von Davier
                              & S. Gupta)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Investigating the Criterion-Related Validity of the TOEFL® Speaking Scores forlTA
                              Screening and Setting Standards forlTAs
                              This study provided Criterion-related validity evidence for the use of TOEFL ® iBT Speaking
                              scores for screening international teaching assistants (ITAs) and recommended appropriate
                              cut scores for selecting ITAs at the participating universities. (TOEFL iBT Report No.
                              TOEFLiBT-03 , ETS RR-08-02. Author. X. Xi)
                              Read more.



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0020188
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               ETS Education Research Update                                                                                                     Page 5 of 5


                              <Back to the Too


                              Linking for the General Diagnostic Model
                              Strategies for linking two consecutive assessments were investigated by the researchers
                              through analysis of NAEP reading data using the general diagnostic model . (ETS RR-08-08.
                              Authors: X. Xu & M. von Davier)
                              Read more.

                              'Back to the Too


                              Model-Based Weighting and Comparisons
                              To calculate aggregation inclusion probabilities, this study investigated three statistical
                              models and derived the school weights for the High School Effectiveness study, which
                              contained one or more cases transferred from the National Educational Longitudinal Study
                              of 1988. (ETS RR-08-17. Author J. Qian)
                              Read more.

                              'Back to the Too


                              One Approach to Detecting the Invariance of Proficiency Standards Over Time
                              This study explored the use of a mapping technique to test the invariance of proficiency
                              standards over a period of time for state performance tests. (ETS RR -08-15. Author. J.
                              Qian)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Predicting Grades in Different Types of College Courses
                              The ability of high school grades and SAT® scores to predict cumulative grades In different
                              types of college courses was evaluated in a sample of 26 colleges. (College Board Report
                              No. 2008-01, ETS RR-08-06. Authors: B. Bridgeman, J. Pollack & N. Burton)
                              Read more.

                              <Back to the Too


                              Robustness of a Value-Added Assessment of School Effectiveness
                              This study found moderate consistency of results between two approaches to estimating
                              school effectiveness: a layered model employing item response theory (IRT) scaled data
                              and a discrete growth model based on analysis of transitions along an ordinal
                              developmental scale . (ETS RR-08-22. Authors: H. Braun, Y. Qu & C. Trapani)
                              Read more.

                              'Back to the Too


                               Theoretical and Empirical Standard Errors for Two Population invariance Measures in
                              the Linear Equating Case .
                              In this report, two methods (delta and grouped jackknife ) are described for obtaining
                              standard errors for two of the most widely-used population-invariance measures of equating
                              functions, root mean square difference (RMSD) and root expected mean square difference
                              (REMSD). (ETS RR-08-24. Authors: A. A. von Davier, J. R. Manalo & F. Rijmen)
                              Read more.

                              'Back to the Too

                                                         Please let us know if you wish to rmsub$a9re from this newsletter.
                                 Copyright 0 2008 by Educational Testing Service. All rights reserved. ETS. the ETS logo. LISTENING. LEARNING.
                                LEADING.. E-RATER. TOEFL and GRE are registered trademarks of Educational Testing Service (ETS) in the United
                               States of America and other countries throughout the world . PRAXIS is a trademark of ETS. ADVANCED PLACEMENT
                              PROGRAM; AP and SAT are registered trademarks of The College Board. SAT REASONING TEST Is a trademark of The
                                                                                College Board. 9186



              This e- mail and any files transmitted with it may contain privileged or confidential information.
              It is solely for use by the individual for whom it is intended , even if addressed incorrectly.
              If you received this e-mail in error , please notify the sender ; do not disclose ,, copy, distribute,
              or take any action in reliance on the contents of this information; and delete it from
              your system. Any other use of this e-mail is prohibited.

              Thank you for your compliance.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020189
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Re: two things                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:     Tuesday, July 01, 2008 8:57 AM
               To:       Monegan; Walt C (DPS)
               Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Kel Goode; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Subject: Re: two things
              Who are the authors of the report? There needs to be further review of suggestions that DPS does                                    a
              not have the resources to do its job... so the report is still under review.

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Monegan, Walt C (DPS)" <walt.monegan@alaska.gov>
              Date : Tue, 01 Jul 2008 06:44:44 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              CC: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Goode, Kelly C (GOV)
              <kelly.goode@alaska.gov>; Kel Goode<kellyc@acsalaska.net>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              <kris.perry@alaska. gov>
              Subject: RE: two things

              I have a message into DC Glass and am awaiting those details.
              -Walt


              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Mon 6/30/2008 9:54 PM
              To: Monegan, Walt C (DPS)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Kel Goode; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject: Re: two things

              Further- how was this "complaint" received,.by who, and when/where?
              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One

              ---Original Message-
              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Date: Tue, I Jul 2008 05:41:57
              To., Walt Monegan<waltmonegan@alaska.gov>
              Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Kelly Goode<kelly.goode@ alaska.gov>; Kel
              Goode<kel1yc@acsalaska.net>; K Perry<kris.peny@alaska.gov>
              Subject: Re: two things


              I've never driven Trig anywhere without a new, approved carseat. I want to know who said otherwise- pis provide
              me that info now.
              ---Original Message--
              From: Walt Monegan
              To: Governor Sarah Palin
              Sent: Jun 30, 2008 2:19 PM
              Subject: two things

              Governor-
              1 st - Have you readtapproved the 2007 AST Annual Report to be made public?



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0020190
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

             tt `r   'P   4    ti      r^'Snc '^S        E



               Re: two things                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


               2nd - Via a soon-to-be-retiring legislator, we have received a complaint that had you driving with Trig not in an approved
               infant car seat; if so this would be awkward in many ways.

               Please know that I am trying to help...
               -Walt




               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0020191
