Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Tuesday, July 01, 2008 7:46 AM
          To:                     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
          Subject:                Fw: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session


          Fyi, no action needed but we need to remind AGIA team to follow through on in- state use
          mission:



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Katz, John W (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:44:50 2008

          Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



          I'd ask that you speak to him before his July 2 messaging even.

             And for what it's worth- I agree that gasline team's messaging re: in-state has NOT
          been aggressive or passionate enough to remind Alaskans that my FIRST goal is,'and always
          has been, taking care of AK first. We've met recently on that- with my reminder about the
          of "Putting Alaskans First" campaign promise of mine... and I'm strongly encouraging AGIA
          team to tell Alaskans (and prove to all) that that IS the mission here with AGIA. They
          hace regrouped on that and they're looking for opportunities to reiterate our commitment
          to in-state use first. Thanks!




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:36:48 2008

          Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



         I will emphasize to the Senator that the Administration is very much on board with in-
         state use and also our plan for using petroleum revenues to address short term needs,
         particularly those related to energy costs.



         I think this is all we may need to do for now. In honesty, messages from the gas team
         have not registered well with the Senator although this may change in the aftermath of
         your recent meeting with him.




                                                              I




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0020192
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           When I wrote you earlier, I was unaware of the Senator ' s plans - and he did not mention
           them    to talk publicly on July 2nd and 3rd about his initiatives to "bring short and
           long- term energy relief to Alaskans ." ( See below ). His original idea was to use your
           initiatives and the second special session to show Congress how petroleum revenues could
           be used at the federal level.



           Perhaps, we should postpone a definitive response to the Senator until we see what
           transpires tomorrow.   In the meantime , I can convey your thoughts about in-state use, etc
           and see how he responds.



           Does this sound like a plan?




           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE



           July 1, 2008



           Contacts : Aaron Saunders ( 907) 271-5915



                              Steve Wackowski (202) 224-5122




          Senator Stevens to Discuss New Energy Initiatives at Press Events



          in Anchorage and Fairbanks




          ANCHORAGE , AK - Senator Ted Stevens ( R-Alaska ) announced today that he will outline his
          energy initiatives to bring short and long-term energy relief to Alaskans at press
          conferences in Anchorage and Fairbanks.




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0020193
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The Anchorage press conference will be held on Wednesday , July 2 at 11 a.m. in his office
           in the Federal Building. This office is located at 222 West 7th Avenue #2, Room 569.




           The Fairbanks press conference will be held Thursday, July 3 at 9 a.m. at the Cold Climate
           Housing Research Center. This facility is located at 1000 Fairbanks Street.




           To attend, members of the press must RSVP to: aaron_saunders@stevens.senate.gov or
           steve-wackowski@stevens.senate.gov.




           ###




           John W. Katz

           Director of State/Federal Relations

           and Special Counsel to the Governor

           jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           (202)624-5858




           >>> On 7/1/2008 at 11:05 AN, in message <D12754A53B2AFD468149A15236EB769484E494
           @SOAJNUMSGO2.soa.alaska.gov>, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov> wrote:




           Does he realize we are very supportive of in state also and I've asked the AGIA team to
           ramp up that message publicly, as I fear that message was lost through the revealing of
                                                        3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            the TC-Alaska "big line" plan? Marty could provide the Senator more infomation on
            precisely what we're doing to ensure in-state use and benefits of our gas. (I'd hope his
            testimony would acknowledge that we're on the same page with in-state.)

               Also, hopefully he could weave in that     our Surplus Revenue Return proposal shows how
            oil/gas revenue DOES help ourselves as we     attempt to relieve burdens on AK residents by
            returning surplus dollars to them to help     meet the rising cost of living - it's a short
            term plan as we work towards conservation     and long term energy relief plans.



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

             Sent: Tue Jul 01 04:16:08 2008

             Subject: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



             Senator Stevens contacted me last night to find out what you would think about his
             testifying at the special session on in-state energy issues.



            He does support an in-state solution. However, his primary objective would be to show the
            Congress how state oil revenues can be used to benefit the citizenry. He believes that
            the second special session will exemplify how opening ANWR and offshore areas in Alaska
            would provide significant non-tax revenues to the U.S. Treasury, thereby benefitting the
            economy in several ways.



            For whatever it's worth, I believe that this is a good idea. I'm not sure that anything
            will budge the Democratic Leadership in Congress, but the publicity should help keep the
            spotlight on Alaska's oil and gas resources.



            I think that the ultimate decision about his testifying must be made by the Legislature.
            However, the Senator didn't want to proceed without your approval. My guess is that the
            beneficial electoral implications are not lost on the Senator, either.



            I also mentioned to him that we would probably respond to Dan Fagan's Sunday column, which
            I characterized as beyond fair criticism of a politician in a situation where Fagan had
            previously been apprized of the facts.



            Please let me know how you would like to proceed.




            John W. Katz

            Director of State/Federal Relations

            and Special Counsel to the Governor
                                                             4




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0020195
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

             (202)624-5858




                                                         5




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0020196
