Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin @alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, July 01, 2008 8:21 AM
          To:                      ivyfrye@yahoo.com; ftb907 @yahoo.com; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
          Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 Fw: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session


          All opportunities need to be seized to get that msg out... Kris, did you ever see anything
          from Marty or Joe on messaging this after the gasline mtg in my office two wks ago?
          Remember they were going to do a public statement? Pls let them know that now even the
          Senator is on it be we haven't been out there with the msg we've asked them to ramp up.



          ----- Original Message -----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Katz, John W (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:44:50 2008

          Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



           I'd ask that you speak to him before his July 2 messaging even.

             And for what it's worth- I agree that gasline team's messaging re: in-state has NOT
          been aggressive or passionate enough to remind Alaskans that my.FIRST goal is, and always
          has been, taking care of AK first. We've met recently on that- with my reminder about the
          of "Putting Alaskans First" campaign promise of mine... and I'm strongly encouraging AGIA
          team to tell Alaskans (and prove to all) that that IS the mission here with AGIA. They
          pace regrouped on that and they're looking for opportunities to reiterate our commitment
          to in-state use first. Thanks!



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Tue Jul 01 07:36:48 2008

          Subject: Re: Senator Stevens/Second Special Session



          I will emphasize to the Senator that the Administration is very much on board with in-
          state use and also our plan for using petroleum revenues to address short term needs,
          particularly those related to. energy costs.




          I think this is all we may need to do for now. In honesty , messages from the gas team
          have not registered well with the Senator although this may change in the aftermath of
          your recent meeting with him.
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0020177
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            When I wrote you earlier, I was unaware of the Senator's plans - and he did not mention
            them - to talk publicly on July 2nd and 3rd about his initiatives to "bring short and
            long-term energy relief to Alaskans." (See below).    His original idea was to use your
            initiatives and the second special session to show Congress how petroleum revenues could
            be used at the federal level.



            Perhaps, we should postpone a definitive response to the Senator until we see what
            transpires tomorrow.  In the meantime, I can convey your thoughts about in-state use, etc
            and see how he responds.



            Does this sound like a plan?




            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE



            July 1, 2008



            Contacts: Aaron Saunders      (907) 271-5915



                               Steve Wackowski (202) 224-5122




            Senator Stevens to Discuss New Energy Initiatives at Press Events



            in Anchorage and Fairbanks




            ANCHORAGE, AK - Senator Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) announced today that he will outline his
            energy initiatives to bring short and long-term energy relief to Alaskans at press
            conferences in Anchorage and Fairbanks.




                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0020178
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The Anchorage press conference will be held on Wednesday, July 2 at 11 a.m. in his office
           in the Federal Building. This office is located at 222 West 7th Avenue #2, Room 569.




           The Fairbanks press conference will be held Thursday, July 3 at 9 a.m. at the Cold Climate
           Housing Research Center. This facility is located at 1000 Fairbanks Street.




           To attend, members of the press must RSVP to: aaron_saunders@stevens.senate.gov or
           steve-wackowski@stevens.senate.gov.




           John W. Katz

           Director of State/Federal Relations

           and Special Counsel to the Governor

           jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

            (202)624-5858




           >>> On 7/1/2008 at 11:05 AM, in message <D12754A53B2AED468149A15236EB769484E494
           @SOAJNUMSGO2.soa.alaska.gov>, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov> wrote:




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020179
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Does he realize we are very supportive of in state also and I've asked the AGIA team to
           ramp up that message publicly , as I fear that message was lost through the revealing of
           the TC-Alaska "big line" plan ? Marty could provide the Senator more infomation on
           precisely what we're doing to ensure i n-state use and benefits of our gas. (I ' d hope his
           testimony would acknowledge that we ' re on the same page with in-state.)

              Also , hopefully he could weave in that   our Surplus Revenue Return proposal shows how
           oil/gas revenue DOES help ourselves as we    attempt to relieve burdens on AK residents by
           returning surplus dollars to them to help    meet the rising cost of living - it's a short
           term plan as we work towards conservation    and long term energy relief plans.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: John Katz <jwkatz @ALASKADC.org>

           To: Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV ); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent :   Tue Jul 01 04:16:08 2008

           Subject : Senator Stevens / Second Special Session



           Senator Stevens contacted me last night to find out what you would think about his
           testifying at the special session on in-state energy issues.



           He does support an in-state solution . However, his primary objective would be to show the
           Congress how state oil revenues can be used to benefit the citizenry .  He believes that
           the second special session will exemplify how opening ANWR and offshore areas in Alaska
           would provide significant non-tax revenues to the U.S. Treasury , thereby benefitting the,
           economy in several ways.



           For whatever it's worth , I believe that this is a good idea . I'm not sure that anything
           will budge the Democratic Leadership in Congress , but the publicity should help keep the
           spotlight on Alaska ' s oil and gas resources.



           I think that the ultimate decision about his testifying must be made by the Legislature.
           However, the Senator didn't want to proceed without your approval .  My guess is that the
     i     beneficial electoral implications are not lost on the Senator, either.



          I also mentioned to him that we would probably respond to Dan Fagan 's Sunday column, which
          I characterized as beyond fair criticism of a politician in a situation where Fagan had
          previously been apprized of the facts.



           Please let me know how you would like to proceed.




          John W. Katz

                                                           4




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_ 0020180
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Director of State/Federal Relations

           and Special Counsel to the Governor

           jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           (202)624-5858




                                                        5
