Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [rosanne. hughes@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:06 AM
           To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
           Cc:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens


           Governor, I'm at the airport getting on a plane for Juneau to train our new communications
           assistant, Erin Berkert. I'm cc:ing Sharon.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Wed Jul 02 07:00:17 2008

           Subject: Fw: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens



           R-pls print out attachments for me to have during this morn's interview. Thanks



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

           To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)

           Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson,
           Kurtis K (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D
           (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Sent: Wed Jul 02 04:53:35 2008

           Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor &       Stevens




           Welcome back.     It will be good to work with you again.



           I'm not sure where to start.        It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
           these dynamics.



           Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the Governor on a
           few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he replied last night.
           He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I haven't either.



           I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as follows -

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020241
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          *     The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi- partisan basis to develop an
          energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.

         *     He may want to speak to the Legislature , and the Governor doesn ' t seem to have a
         problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.

         *     The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
         dollars can be used to address short and long -term needs . Right now, the cost of energy
         in urban and rural Alaska.

         *     The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
         production and use of natural gas, and I have.

         *     The gas team asked me to mention that , next Monday, the Governor will announce a
         two-step, public / private partnership to provide affordable natural gas to the railbelt.

         *     The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the hope
         that we can work with the Senator on this.

         *     This morning , I received a very warm email from the Senator . He did not comment
         specifically on all of the points I raised .  However, he clearly wants to work with the
         State and the Legislature on a friendly , bi-partisan basis.



         A couple of other points . Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR and
         using the revenues therefrom . Circumstances are changing slowly for the better .  However,
         the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to opening ANWR or more of
         the OCS.



         We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come close
         on prior occasions . In the current budget climate , this appears to be a tough sell.



         I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.



         p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
         what has occurred thus far . Please keep in confidence.




         John W. Katz

         Director of State / Federal Relations

         and Special Counsel to the Governor

         jwkatz@alaskadc . org <mailto :j wkatz@alaskadc.org>

         (202)624-5858



         >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM,      in message
                                                            2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0020242
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A @ SOAANCMSGO3 . soa.alaska . gov>, "Stapleton , Meghan N
          (DNR)" <meghan . stapleton @ alaska.gov > wrote:



          John,



          Good morning!



          First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello
          again!



          Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson ( Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas)
          and I have been working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about
          the Senator ' s energy plans or if she's asked to participate in the press conference.
          Earlier today , I reached out to some of those on his staff that I know and they were
          incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
          them to say hello and ask for information. One even suggested that the Governor might
          stand with the Senator which probably doesn't even work with her schedule, but I don't
          know. At this point, we're treating this press conference as something she may have to
          respond to and we 'd like to do so in a positive manner.



          Kris Perry said that you ' ve also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet
          line . And so as I put the talking points together and outline my conversation with his
          office, I was wondering if you could check against your information and add to it.
          Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your schedule, so
          that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.



          Thanks so much,

          Meghan




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020243
