Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent:     Wednesday , July 02, 200810:36 AM
                 To:       Rosanne (GOV sponsored) Hughes; Sharon Leighow
                 Cc:      Cora Crome; Kris Perry; Mike Nizich; Russ Kelly, Governor Sarah Palin
                 Subject; Coastal Protection/Alaska Exclusion - CONFIDENTIAL

               In case you get questions, we have opposed the exclusion of Alaska from this coastal and
               estuarine grant program (see below). The program has been beneficial to Alaska.

               Originally, we heard rumors that Mr. Young was contemplating an Alaska exclusion and
               were assured that this was not the case. So, we were quite surprised when the exclusion
               of several coastal states was included in legislation pending before the House Resources
               Committee. Recently, we have reiterated our concern and have joined several other
               organizations and states that are seeking deletion of the amendment.

               I don't know why Mr. Young would pursue this. The amendment is based on population
               density. So, he had to know that it would disadvantage Alaska, and his staff was told by
               us and others about the use of these federal funds to protect specific river mileage in
               Alaska.

               My guess is that Mr. Young's amendment will be deleted either in the House or later in
               the legislative process.

               If you need further information, please let me know.


               Rep. Don Young upsets coastal state colleagues over environmental amendment.
               The Hilt reports that Young carved out an exemption for Alaska's coasts from a bill that
               would create a grant program to protect these areas. His move may also eliminate three
               other states that wanted to participate.

               The amendment says only states with coastal populations of "at least 85 people per
               square mile" can apply for the coastal preservation grants. That kicks Oregon, Maine and
               Minnesota out of applying for grants.

               "It was a surprise and a shock ," said Andrea Geiger who works with a nonprofit that
               represents governors of 35 coastal states. "No one was really prepared for the language or
               understood the language enough to know what they were passing . That led me to believe
               that no one had seen the language prior to the markup."
               ***

               John W. Katz
                Director of State/Federal Relations
                and Special Counsel to the Governor
               jw katz@a.las ka d c. o
                (202)624-5858




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020235
