Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:     Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR) [meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Wednesday , July 02, 2008. 6:25 AM
               To:       Katz; John W (GOV)
               Cc:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR);
                         Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV);
                         Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens
                John,

                As always, your efforts are unbelievable and all -encompassing. Thank you for this information and thank
                you so much for filling in the gaps and incorporating us all so that we're on the same page.

                Warm regards,
                Meghn



                From., John Katz [mai]to:jwkatz@AtASKADC.org)
                Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM
                To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K
                (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV);.Kelly, Russell T
                (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens

               Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

               I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now
               involved in these dynamics.

               Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the
               Governor on a few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email,
               and he replied last night. He has not been copying his staff on our email
               exchange. So, I haven't either.

               I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team
               as follows -

                     . The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to
                       develop an energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.
                     . He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem
                       to have a problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.
                     . The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how
                       petroleum dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs.
                       Right now, .the cost of energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                      The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-
                       state production and use of natural gas, and I have.
                      The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will
                       announce a two-step, public/private partnership to provide affordable
                       natural gas to the railbelt.



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2



                    The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the
                     hope that we can work with the Senator on this.
                    This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not
                     comment specifically on all of the points I raised . However, he clearly wants to
                     work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.

               A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR
               and using the revenues therefrom. Circumstances are changing slowly for the better.
               However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to
               opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

               We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come
               close on prior occasions. In the current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

               I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.

               p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
               what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




               John W. Katz
               Director of State/Federal Relations
               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               iigkafz@alaskadc.org
               (202)624-5858

               >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
               <2 E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSG03. soa. alaska. gov>,
               "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:
     i           I John,
                   Good morning!

                   First of all, I am back assisting the Governor With Gasline Communications . So, hello againt

                  Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been
                  working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about the Senator's energy plans or if she's
                  asked to participate in the press conference . Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I
                  know and they were incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
                  them to say hello and ask for information . One even suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator
                  which probably doesn't even work with her schedule , but I don't know. At this point, we're treating this press
                  conference as something she may have to respond to and we'd like to do so in a positive manner.

                  Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line. And so as I put the
                  talking points together and outline my conversation with his office , I was wondering if you could check against
                  your information and add to it. Ideally , you and I would have this done by 1 Oam ish, if that works with your
                  schedule, so that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning_

                  Thanks so much,
                  Meghan




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020213
