Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
           Sent:                   Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:18 AM
           To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Cc:                     Stapleton ; Meghan N (DNR)
           Subject:                Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY
     i
           She did not. I'll print for you. You have Sheffield at either 10:30 or 11. I'm on my way
           into office and can't look but will know soon. Hickel is at 12noon. We can move either one
           to accommodate TS. His is at 11. Meg or I Will find out where.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Cc: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)

           Sent: Wed Jul 02 07:09:18 2008

           Subject: Fw: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY



           Kris: Rosanne can't print the attachments for me, she emailed that she's at the airport...
           did she cc you in her reply to me on that (I already deleted it). If not, she should have.

           I'll reschedule with Wally and will even go to his office to get chewed out instead of
           missing TS's presser, if TS wants me there. I just need to know when and where and if he.
           wants me there.



           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




           From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>

           Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 06:24:54 -0800

           To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K
           (DNR)<kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)<meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>;
           Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

           Subject: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY




          Governor,

                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0020224
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Good morning ! I wanted to make sure that you received this information , as Katz sent to
          your GOV sponsored email address and not the yahoo address . Kurt and I were pulled into
          this conversation yesterday and began working an independent stream to get information to
          you. I hope that we are adding to your knowledge and not repeating information that you
          already have.



          The note below and the attached are in preparation for this morning and any potential
          questions you receive regarding Senator Stevens ' energy announcement this morning. The
          first attachment entitled " Senator Stevens Visit kkg" is a set of talking points /
          statement that you could make regarding the energy announcement today. The second
          attachment entitled " Stevens Conversation " reflects the notes / outline I made following
          several conversations yesterday with Stevens ' staffers , including his energy policy
          coordinator, his deputy chief of staff, and some of his communications folks. I don't know
          if you agree with everything the Senator is going to announce but the notes reflect what
          he will announce today.



          The bottomline in all this is how incredibly excited his staffers were to be speaking with
          someone from your office other than Katz. Based upon their reaction , they see your offices
          in Alaska as different and more personally reflective of you than John Katz who is
          absolutely wonderful., but an expected and necessary relationship . I used to converse with
          them ( communications side ) and they said that no one's called them to discuss matters
          other than Katz on a daily basis , and they were excited that your office was reaching out
          again and engaging them. It should be a positive experience today and no need for any
          defensive talk or action.



          When I called the Senator's office, I mentioned that I was interested in the Senator's
          specific remarks today because you were most likely going to be contacted and wanted to be
          able to make positive comments about the Senator's efforts and see how we could work
          together. They were thrilled and immediately the calls came. in with the specifics and even
          asking questions of you: do you have any ideas to encourage fuel efficiency /
          transportation cost effectiveness on the stateside? And do you know if nuclear power is
          prohibited in the state and is there anything we can do to work on that?



          At this point, we need direction from you as to what you 'd like to do. If you wanted to
          stand with the Senator during the press conference , we can push for that and arrange that
          as they first mentioned that as an option yesterday and I merely said that I wasn't
          prepared to speak to your schedule and didn't even know if you were in town . Would you
          like to attend the press conference ? Would you like to issue a press statement or a press
          release touting his plan (we'll have someone at the press conference to ensure that the
          Senator stays with his comments )? Or would you just like to wait for press calls and
          handle it that way?



          Once you know the direction , I'll work up something for you and assist Sharon in meeting
          your goals for today.



          Thank you , Governor.

          Meghan




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020225
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: John Katz [mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]

          Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM

          To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)

          Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson,
          Kurtis K (DNR); Rutherford,. Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D
          (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens




          Welcome back .    It will be good to work with you again.



          I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
          these dynamics.



          Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the Governor on a
          few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he replied last night.
          He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I haven't either.



          I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as follows -



          *     The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
          energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.

          *     He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
          problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.

          *     The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
          dollars can be used to address short and long- term needs . Right now, the cost of energy
          in urban and rural Alaska.

          *     The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
          production and use of natural gas, and I have.

          *     The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will announce a
          two-step, public/private partnership to provide affordable natural gas to the railbelt.

                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020226
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           *     The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the hope
           that we can work with the Senator on this.

           *     This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not comment
           specifically on all of the points I raised. However, he clearly wants to work with the
           State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.



           A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR and
           using the revenues therefrom. Circumstances are changing slowly for the better. However,
           the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to opening ANWR or more of
           the OCS.



           We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come close
           on prior occasions. In the current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.



           I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.



           p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
           what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




           John W. Katz

           Director of State/Federal Relations

           and Special Counsel to the Governor

           jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

            (202)624-5858



           >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AN, in message
           <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSGO3. soa.alaska .gov>, "Stapleton, Meghan N
           (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:



           John,



           Good morning!



           First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications. So, hello
           again!



                                                         4




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas)
           and I have been working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about
           the Senator's energy plans or if she's asked to participate in the press conference.
           Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I know and they were
           incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
           them to say hello and ask for information. One even suggested that the Governor might
           stand with the Senator which probably doesn't even work with her schedule, but I don't
           know. At this point, we're treating this press conference as something she may have to
           respond to and we'd like to do so in a positive manner.



          Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet
          line. And so as I put the talking points together and outline my conversation with his
          office, I was wondering if you could check against your information and add to it.
          Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your schedule, so
          that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.



          Thanks so much,

          Meghan




                                                       5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:     Wednesday, July 02, 2008 9:16 AM
               To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: Re: We're on!
              What time tomorws

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>
              Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 09:03:47 -0800
              To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
              Subject: RE: We're on!

              We do have two seats held for tonights flight at departing ANC at 6 : 50 p.m. arriving JNU at 8:32 p.m. We
              can hold for tomorrow a.m. Tonight 's flight needs to be purchased by 1:00 p. m. or they will go off hold.
              Janice


              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, July 02, 2008 8:55 AM
              To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: Fw: We're on!

              Flights:
    I
              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Date: Wed, 2 Jul 2008 16:54:14 +0000
              To: K Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
              Subject : Re: We're on!
              Yeah ylthen if its sunny I'm outta there.
              Janice, just for fyi are there two seats on tonights flt or tom mornings

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)" <kris.perry@ alaska.gov>
              Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 08 :45:15 -0800
              To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)<meghan. stapleton@alaska.gov>;
              ExtemalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              CC: Mason, Janice L (GOV)<janice.mason@alaska .gov>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV).
              <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>
              Subject: RE: We're on!
              Governor,

             We will reschedule the meeting w/Sheffield. Can we do that for 1 pm ? That way it will ensure that your


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0020229
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


              meeting w/Nickel sticks to the time allocated. Please let me know. Thanks!
              Kris



              From : Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
              Sent: Wednesday, July 02, 2008 8:38 AM
              To: ExtemalEmailgsp
              Cc: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR); Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: We're on!
              Importance: High

              The Senator is "very enthusiastic" about the opportunity to stand with you and talk about energy and
              your solutions to the crisis.

              Here's the "run of the show" at this point:

              Aaron Saunders says that yesterday, the Senator spent 20 minutes outlining his plan and it went way
              too long. They would like for it to be closer to 10 minutes today. The Senator would be honored if you
              stood next to him and then spoke for a couple of minutes before opening it up to reporters.

              Your comments, Governor, could mirror that which Kurt and I drafted and I sent earlier and attached
              again above.

              Aaron is emailing be the Senator's speech so that you are fully aware of what the Senator will be
              saying.

              They believe that just the two standing togther will be news enough and should attract many in the
              press - they would love a press release heading out from our office inviting the press . As Aaron said,
              the Senator could talk about "wallpaper" and the media would show because the Governor is there
              with him.

              He did say that while there have been a few bumps (earmarks, in particular), the Senator thinks highly
              of the Governor, is supportive of the Governor, and likes what she is doing , especially regarding
              energy, including the debit card plan and now the $1200 energy rebate plan.

              I'll get working on the media advisory right away with Sharon . Governor, please let me know what you
              think of the revised comments. And then I'll begin preparing a press release for release just after the
              press conference.

              Many questions today might be centered around the fact that you are standing together , but I think if
              you stick with "perception versus reality " theme, that would be great . "I've always enjoyed a fine
              relationship with the Senator and it continues to grow stronger . I look forward to continuing to work
              together with him during this time . This state is stronger with the vision and ideas of our leaders
              combined."

              The press conference is in the federal building . Stevens' staffers are inviting media to his office and
              then escorting them to the FAA conference room on the 5th floor.

              Aaron wants to remind you that the Senator 's plan is not set in stone ; he will continue to work on it as
              he gets back to Washington, DC and takes more feedback from Alaskans.




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                              Page 3 of 3



             Thanks,

             Meg




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                 P RA_G S P01 _0020231
