Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

                From :    John Katz Gwkatz a(ALASKADC.orgj
                Sent:     Wednesday, July 02, 2008 4:54 AM
                To:       Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR)
                Cc:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K
                          (DNR); Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly;
                          Russell T (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens


              Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

              I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
              these dynamics.

              Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the
              Governor on a few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he
              replied last night. He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I
              haven't either.

              I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as
              follows -

                   The.Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
                    energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.
                   He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
                    problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.
                   The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
                    dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs. Right now, the cost of
                    energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                    The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
                    production and use of natural gas, and I have.
                   The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will
                    announce a two-step, public/private partnership to provide affordable natural gas
                    to the railbelt.
                   The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the
                    hope that we can work with the Senator on this.
                   This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not
                    comment specifically on all of the points I raised. However, he clearly wants to
                    work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.

              A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR
              and using the revenues therefrom. Circumstances are changing slowly for the better.
              However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to
              opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

              We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come
              close on prior occasions. In the.current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

              I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0020236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2




               p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
               what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




               John W. Katz
               Director of State/ Federal Relations
                and Special Counsel to the Governor
               jwkatz(dxflaskadc. org
                (202)624-5858

               >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
               <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSG03. soa.alaska.gov>,
               "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan . stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:
                 I John,

                   Good morning!

                   First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello again!

                  Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been
                  working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about the Senator 's energy plans or if she's
                  asked to participate in the press conference . Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I
                  know and they were incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
                  them to say hello and ask for information . One even suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator
                  which probably doesn 't even work with her schedule , but I don't know. At this point, we're treating this press
                  conference as something she may have to respond to and we'd like to do so in a positive manner.

                  Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line . And so as I put the
                  talking points together and outline my conversation with his office, I was wondering if you could check against
                  your information and add to it. Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish , if that works with your
                  schedule, so that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.

                  Thanks so much,
                  Meghan




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0020237
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page I of 1



                Unknown

                From:     Bailey, Frank T (GOV) [/O=SOAFOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=FTBAI LEY]
                Sent:     Wednesday, July 02, 2008 5:29 PM
                To:       'Sarah Palin'
                Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Alaska Aerospace Development Corp

              Governor,

              We have 2 spots to cover for the Alaska Aerospace Development Corporation. This is the Corporation that
              oversees the Kodiak Narrow Cape Rocket Launch Industry, as well as a low-orbit satellite servicing in
              Anchorage. Mike Nizich sit in the public seat for the Board so knows the lay of the land.

              Strong recommendation is to Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Recommendations are also Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

              2 Top Choices Privileged or Person

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              Apologies for the long email!

              Frank




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020238
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page I of 2


              Unknown

               From :    PAUL KENDAL, [pau!dkendall@yahoo.com]
               Sent:     Wednesday , July 02, 2008 8:09 PM
               To:       hanietdrummond @alaska.com; mattclaman@gmail.com; gruensteinbe@muni.org;
                         guiterrezm@muni.org; jjohnston@gci.net; gray-jacksone@muni.org
               Cc:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
              Subject : city council refuses to have a live on camera community energy forum for 300,000 citizens
              Date: 7-2-08 Wednesday

              To: Council Woman Ms Durmmond

              From: Paul D. Kendall



               Thank You for your prompt and open response Ms Drummond.

              Please invite me and the public if you have any meetings or discussion on energy at all...



              Are you answering for Chairman Claman? I am still awaiting an answer from chairman Claman, which i
              presume he and ms Selkregg are "working up"..MAYBE!



              Who is or who are the ones in this "group" looking at energy cost for transit ?

              Why only transit?

              I am unclear if you are meeting or not?

              When did you all meet or talk?

              Are you gathering information on how much fuel is produced and where it is being used and in what
              amounts

               One of the secret meetings i was refering to was the way the council gets a task force together, and then
              they meet when and where we the public cannot be... and then they make sure there is no cameras for us
              to watch.... "The real discussion"!



              What i also meant by secret meeting was a cynical statement infering that at the last moment you would
              as a "council body", suddenly announce a secret meeting had been held .... because inreality, our city
              council has not done much if anything at all 11,

                  ,,actually they have by their actions , contributed to our energy crisis.. Bubble, Tumor, Assault,
              Plundering , Pilliaging, and Profiteering of our loved ones ,,, while our loved ones are asleep in their
              homes,, no less.......




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                            P RA_GS P01 _0020239
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 2


              I strongly dissagree with your reference to the govenor and the state being responsible for energy-you
              folks along with a veritable tag team of other entities who we convey govemence oversight with for our
              well being are equally responsible and as to date irresponsible ....for our energy impacts.




              Look, Ms Drummond,,,,,



             As a citizen of Anchorage, I want an energy forum, there is no excuse or cover for this council not to do
             this....and the longer this coucil continues to look the other way, the more hardship you put upon us...the
             community of real lives....

                 I want to be notified and invited of any and all energy discussions . I am not sure i can attend, but it
              would it be nice to try to attend or see the discussion on live camera......




              And in closing , i realize some of my comments are considered harsh , or strong , or wrong, or in other
              considerations..... But, I am willing to debate or dialog the substance of my comments in a public forum
              and suffer the consequences if i am wrong in them....



              clean ELECTRICITY AND WATER are the keys to a stable society and our freedoms; we want and
              deserve an energy forum that you people owe us as a 300 ,000 citizen community.... .



    I        It takes 3 STABLE SECTORS to mainain a stable society in place ......



              ENERGY

              POPULATION CONTROL

             VIABLE LEADERSHIP

             ........................................ P D K................




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0020240
