Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From :     PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
               Sent       Tuesday, July 08, 2008 2:04 PM
               To:        resources@akrdc.org; boon@pickensplan.com
               Cc:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Tails J (LAW)
               Subject: Long Past due Thank You Recognition to RDC for your Gracious and Generous accomodations for
                        atten



              Date: 7-8-08 Tuesday

              To:     Resource Development Council, 121 W, Fireweed, Anchorage, Ak

                      www.akrdc.org

              From: Paul D . Kendall "Will Free"

              Attn: Board of Directors and all Membership Parties-



                      -My Overiding view is that Alaska has a unique infrastructure potential,;

                 With opportunities to; attend to and develop , multiple, simultaneous, and parallel non competing major
              revenue producing sectors; All of which,should lead to multiple long term revenue streams, Alaskan
              society technology upscaling, world wide recognition , more individual free will freedoms; AND / OR, a new
              or next new ENERGY BASED SOCIETY!



              Change Alaska, Change the World!
     I
                This moment is that big!

              It, you, us, and we, altogether, are that moment in time to be more; Much, much more than we realize!



                Please consider adding "Switch On Energies" and "Harmonic Fuels" as Future Fuel Streams
              to your Resource Development Porfolio Considerations.




              (this world wide new, "free for all" and free enterprise science energy based economy of "a veritable
              jungle floor growth like of opportunity" or "opportunity robust" will be; fast paced, exciting, wow, ahhh-ing,
              jaw droping, inspiring, and nearly dot com-ers like in upstarts..

                  You,we, Alaska, and our children do not want to miss this new society comming at us like a freight
              train.

               From Hydro-carbons to Hydrox-ogyns, to Hydrogen gas to Water technologies, magnetic,ion and
              arcing fields like ideas, its all headed our way in a hurry to get here.)



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0020253
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


              PD Kendall.,




              Dear Sirs and Mams,




                I asked Ms. Deantha ( and Jason earlier) for your E-mail site information and permission to E-mail your
              organization so that i might E you folks in the future..

                 To date , i have usually Eeed my opinions and suggestions to our Gov , Atty Gen , Legislature, some
              news groups, and a few others ...and the thought occured to me that perhaps i should enlarge my
              Eeeing....

                 And how could i not give some first consideration to your Resource Development Council
              Organization?



                   As i review and reflect on some of the high quality events you have afforded me as not just a member
              of the community,,, but above that, as a non -member of RDC, non-paying attendee/limited public guest,
              and sometimes quasi-adversarial questioner of your presenters..

                 I must in all fairness, conlude that a thank you to your organization , its management body, and its
              body whole is long overdue and owed in full.



                I Paul D. Kendall "Will Free", privately and publicly thank you folks of the Resource Development
              Council for your open and freely offered professional and gracious accomodating of this public citizen at
              no charge , who has enjoyed and with your permission , continues to enjoy your many endeavors of
              community awareness presentations your group works so hard to bring to Alaska.




                As this is my first E to you all, you should understand that nearly all, if not all of my
              commentaries should always be considered public. And all public business should be conducted in
              Public...Period!



              Sincerely and Respectfully,




             Paul D. Kendall



             Land line msg.. 907-222-7882



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0020254
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3


              now cell line   907-884-2424




              E-mail   r)auldkendall@yilhog.com



              Ps..As i am writing this RDC THANK YOU, T. Boone Pickens in a Television Add just came on CNN
              announcing he is about to lay out an alternative energy plan...) have to go.

                So i can call him (alright, his people) and let them know he is using the wrong terms; Self Sufficiency,
              Doable Renewables and Maintainable Sustainables are old thinking;; We in Alaska, the next and new
              great frontier in energies, have already moved on, to "Harmonic Fuels" and "Switch On
              Energies......... (ha ha jokingly),,,, well, ya never know, he just might listen to me;.

                      That is what dreams are all about? Trying to make them real in a realistic way...a lot of well
              intended hard work, a big gamble and a lotta faith and hope!



              Thanks again RDC...Paul "Will Free" Kendall




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0020255
