Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                  Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Wednesday, July 02, 2008 6:33 AM
          To:                     Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR); Katz; John W (GOV)
          Cc:                     Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Rutherford; Marty
                                  K (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV);
                                  Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
          Subject:                Re: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens


          Excellent, this is very helpful. We'll keep the Senator' s mentions confidential.                      Thanks
          Johnan and all.



          ----- Original message -----

          From : Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)

          To: Katz, John W (GOV)

          Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson,
          Kurtis K (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D
          (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Sent: Wed Jul 02 06:25:17 2008

          Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens



          John,



          As always, your efforts are unbelievable and all-encompassing. Thank you for this
          information and thank you so much for filling in the gaps and incorporating us all so that
          we're on the same page.



         Warm regards,

         Meghn




          From: John Katz (mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org)

         Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM

         To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)

         Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson,
         Kurtis K (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D
         (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         Subject: CONFIDENTIAL:      Governor & Stevens
                                                                1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSPO1_0020256
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Welcome back .    It will be good to work with you again.



          I'm not sure where to start .        It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
          these dynamics.



          Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the Governor on a
          few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he replied last night.
          He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange . So, I haven ' t either.



          I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor , and the gas team as follows -



          *     The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
          energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.

          *     He may want to speak to the Legislature , and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
          problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.

          *     The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
          dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs . Right now, the cost of energy
          in urban and rural Alaska.

          *     The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
          production and use of natural gas , and I have.

          *     The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will announce a
          two-step, public /private partnership to provide affordable natural gas to the railbelt.

          *     The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the hope
          that we can work with the Senator on this.

          *     This morning , I received a very warm email from the Senator . He did not comment
          specifically on all of the points I raised. However , he clearly wants to work with the
          State and the Legislature on a friendly , bi-partisan basis..



          A couple of other points . Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR and
          using the revenues therefrom . Circumstances are changing slowly for the better . However,
          the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to opening ANWR or more of
          the OCS.



          We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come close
          on prior occasions . In the current budget climate , this appears to be a tough sell.



          I hope this helps.      Please let me know if you need anything more.



         p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
         what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.
                                                              2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0020257
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           John W. Katz

           Director of State / Federal Relations

          and Special Counsel to the Governor

          jwkatz@alaskadc . org <mailto : jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           (202)624-5858



           >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
           <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSG03. soa.alaska .gov>, "Stapleton, Meghan N
           (DNR)" <meghan .stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:



           John,



          Good morning!



           First of all , I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello
           again!



          Secondly , in that capacity , Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division ' of Oil & Gas)
          and I have been working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about
          the Senator ' s energy plans or if she ' s asked to participate in the press conference.
          Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I know and they were
          incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
          them to say hello and ask for information . One even suggested that the Governor might
          stand with the Senator which probably doesn ' t even work with her schedule , but I don't
          know . At this point, we ' re treating this press conference as something she may have to
          respond to and we'd like to do so in a positive manner.



          Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet
          line . And so as I put the talking points together and outline my conversation with his
          office , I was wondering if you could check against your information and add to it.
          Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your schedule, so
          that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.



          Thanks so much,

          Meghan




                                                          3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0020258
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

     ,:f-., r. ,.. -';fjt .,+G.. vM =·'.   ! <;K C^(.m,oc: ^^1: X'OnV'.uoxk.: ·^sC^
                                                              '                       ta. ..ter.



                                                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 4


                            Unknown

                             From :                  gov.sarah @yahoo.com
                             Sent:                   Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:09 AM
                             To:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                             Cc:                      Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR)
                             Subject:                 Fw: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY
                             Importance: High
                              Kris: Rosanne can't print the attachments for me, she emailed that she's at
                              the airport... did she cc you in her reply to me on that (I already deleted it). If
                              not, she should have.
                              I'll reschedule with Wally and will even go to his office to get chewed out
                              instead of missing TS's presser, if TS wants me there. I just need to know
                              when and where and if he wants me there.

                              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


                              From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
                              Date : Wed, 02 Jul 2008 06:24:54 -0800
                              To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                              CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
                              <kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
                              <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                              <sharon.leighow@alaska. gov>
                              Subject: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

                              Governor,

                              Good morning! I wanted to make sure that you received this information, as Katz sent to your GOV
                              sponsored email address and not the yahoo address. Kurt and I were pulled into this conversation
                              yesterday and began working an independent stream to get information to you. I hope that we are
                              adding to your knowledge and not repeating information that you already have.

                              The note below and the attached are in preparation for this morning and any potential questions you
                              receive regarding Senator Stevens' energy announcement this morning. The first attachment entitled
                              "Senator Stevens Visit kkg" is a set of talking points / statement that you could make regarding the
                              energy announcement today . The second attachment entitled "Stevens Conversation " reflects the
                              notes / outline I made following several conversations yesterday with Stevens ' staffers, including his
                              energy policy coordinator, his deputy chief of staff, and some of his communications folks. I don't know if
                              you agree with everything the Senator is going to announce but the notes reflect what he will announce
                              today.

                              The bottomline in all this is how incredibly excited his staffers were to be speaking with someone from
                              your office other than Katz. Based upon their reaction, they see your offices in Alaska as different and
                              more personally reflective of you than John Katz who is absolutely wonderful, but an expected and
                              necessary relationship. I used to converse with them (communications side) and they said that no one's
                              called them to discuss matters other than Katz on a daily basis, and they were excited that your office
                              was reaching out again and engaging them . It should be a positive experience today and no need for
                              any defensive talk or action.

                              When I called the Senator's office, I mentioned that I was interested in the Senator's specific remarks
                              today because you were most likely going to be contacted and wanted to be able to make positive
                              comments about the Senator's efforts and see how we could work together. They were thrilled and



                              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020259
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 4


              immediately the calls came in with the specifics and even asking questions of you: do you have any ideas to
              encourage fuel efficiency / transportation cost effectiveness on the stateside? And do you know if nuclear power is
              prohibited in the state and is there anything we can do to work on that?

              At this point, we need direction from you as to what you'd like to do. If you wanted to stand with the Senator during
              the press conference, we can push for that and arrange that as they first mentioned that as an option yesterday and
               I merely said that I wasn't prepared to speak to your schedule and didn 't even know if you were in town . Would you
              like to attend the press conference ? Would you like to issue a press statement or a press release touting his plan
              (we'll have someone at the press conference to ensure that the Senator stays with his comments )? Or would you
              just like to wait for press calls and handle it that way?

              Once you know the direction , I'll work up something for you and assist Sharon in meeting your goals for today.

              Thank you, Governor.
              Meghan




              From: John Katz [mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
              Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM
              To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
              Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Krishna Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR);
              Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Leighow,
              Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens

              Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

              I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
              these dynamics.

              Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the
              Governor on a few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he
              replied last night. He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I
              haven't either.

              I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as
              follows -

                  · The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
                    energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.
                  . He may want to speak to the Legislature, and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
                    problem with this. This could be as early as July 10th.
                  · The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
                    dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs. Right now, the cost of
                    energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                    The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
                    production and use of natural gas, and I have.



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020260
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 3 of 4


                   The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday, the Governor will
                   announce a two-step, public/private partnership to provide affordable natural gas
                   to the railbelt.
                 · The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the
                   hope that we can work with the Senator on this.
                 · This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator. He did not
                   comment specifically on all of the points I raised. However, he clearly wants to
                   work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly, bi-partisan basis.

             A couple of other points. Much of the Senator's outline is premised on opening ANWR
             and using the revenues therefrom. Circumstances are changing slowly for the better.
             However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to
             opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

             We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come
             close on prior occasions. In the current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

             I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.

             p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
             what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




             John W. Katz
             Director of State/Federal Relations
             and Special Counsel to the Governor
             jwkatz(a. rlaskadc. orq
              (202)624-5858

             >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM, in message
             <2E222297579BD54 CBF7BFB95C542 C28ECE782A@SOAANCMS GO3. soa. alaska.gov>,
             "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan . stapleton@alaska. gov> wrote:
               I John,

                Good morning!

                First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello again!

                Secondly , in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been
                working on potential talking points for the Governor if she's asked about the Senator's energy plans or if she's
                asked to participate in the press conference . Earlier today , I reached out to some of those on his staff that I
                know and they were incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
                them to say hello and ask for information . One even suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator
                which probably doesn 't even work with her schedule, but I don't know. At this point, we're treating this press
                conference as something she may have to respond to and we'd like to do so in a positive manner.

                Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line . And so as I put the
                talking points together and outline my conversation with his office , I was wondering if you could check against
                your information and add to it . Ideally, you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your
                schedule, so that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.

                Thanks so much,



            9/18/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0020261
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                              Page 4 of 4


                 Meghan




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020262
