Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 4


              Unknown

              From:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:    Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:04 AM
              To:      Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR)
              Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson; Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY
              Didn't know time nor place. Still, if TS wants me there I'd be there... Where is
              it?

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
              Date : Wed, 02 Jul 2008 07:01:05 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
              <kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              <j anice. mason@alaska. gov>
              Subject: RE: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

              Does the time matter with your schedule - his presser is at 11 am.


              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 6:38 AM
              To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
              Cc: Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

              Btw, I wonder if this is why Begich tried to reach me yesterday. I left a voice
              mail w him in returning his call.
              Anyway, if TS chooses not to . have me participate at his press conf, let's do our
              presser w your comments below:

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
              Date : Wed, 02 Jul 2008 06:24:54 -0800
              To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)
              <kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
              <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
              Subject : STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

              Governor,

              Good morning! I wanted to make sure that you received this information , as Katz sent to your GOV



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020265
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 4


               sponsored email address and not the yahoo address . Kurt and I were pulled into this conversation yesterday and
               began working an independent stream to get information to you . I hope that we are adding to your knowledge and
               not repeating information that you already have.

               The note below and the attached are in preparation for this morning and any potential questions you receive
               regarding Senator Stevens' energy announcement this morning . The first attachment entitled "Senator Stevens Visit
               kkg" is a set of talking points / statement that you could make regarding the energy announcement today. The
               second attachment entitled "Stevens Conversation" reflects the notes / outline I made following several
               conversations yesterday with Stevens' staffers, including his energy policy coordinator, his deputy chief of staff, and
               some of his communications folks. I don't know if you agree with everything the Senator is going to announce but
               the notes reflect what he will announce today.

               The bottomline in all this is how incredibly excited his staffers were to be speaking with someone from your office
               other than Katz . Based upon their reaction , they see your offices in Alaska as different and more personally
               reflective of you than John Katz who is absolutely wonderful , but an expected and necessary relationship. I used to
               converse with them (communications side) and they said that no one's called them to discuss matters other than
               Katz on a daily basis, and they were excited that your office was reaching out again and engaging them . It should
               be a positive experience today and no need for any defensive talk or action.

               When I called the Senator's office, I mentioned that I was interested in the Senator 's specific remarks today because
               you were most likely going to be contacted and wanted to be able to make positive comments about the
               Senator's efforts and see how we could work together. They were thrilled and immediately the calls came in with the
               specifics and even asking questions of you: do you have any ideas to encourage fuel efficiency / transportation cost
               effectiveness on the stateside ? And do you know if nuclear power is prohibited In the state and is there anything we
               can do to work on that?

               At this point, we need direction from you as to what you'd like to do. If you wanted to stand with the Senator during
               the press conference , we can push for that and arrange that as they . frst mentioned that as an option yesterday and
               I merely said that I wasn't prepared to speak to your schedule and didn't even know if you were in town . Would you
               like to attend the press conference? Would you like to issue a press statement or a press release touting his plan
               (we'll have someone at the press conference to ensure that the Senator stays with his comments )? Or would you
               just like to wait for press calls and handle it that way?

               Once you know the direction, I'll work up something for you and assist Sharon in meeting your goals for today.

               Thank you, Governor.
               Meghan




              From: John Katz [mailto:jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
              Sent: Wed 7/2/2008 4:53 AM
              To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
              Cc: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR);
              Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly, Russel T (GOV); Leighow,
              Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Governor & Stevens

              Welcome back. It will be good to work with you again.

              I'm not sure where to start. It appears that an awful lot of people are now involved in
              these dynamics.


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0020266
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4




              Senator Stevens sent me an email two days ago asking me to consult with the
              Governor on a few specific points. I have responded twice to him by email, and he
              replied last night. He has not been copying his staff on our email exchange. So, I
              haven 't either.

              I'll summarize my communications with him, the Governor, and the gas team as
              follows -

                  The Senator wants to work with the Governor on a bi-partisan basis to develop an
                   energy policy that addresses national and state concerns.
                  He may want to speak to the Legislature , and the Governor doesn't seem to have a
                   problem with this . This could be as early as July 10th.
                  The Senator wants to point to Alaska as a good case history for how petroleum
                   dollars can be used to address short and long-term needs. Right now , the cost of
                   energy in urban and rural Alaska.
                  The Governor asked me to emphasize the high priority we attached to in-state
                   production and use of natural gas, and I have.
                  The gas team asked me to mention that, next Monday , the Governor will
                   announce a two-step, public /private partnership to provide affordable natural gas
                   to the railbelt.
                  The Governor and the gas team asked me to emphasize the value of AGIA and the
                   hope that we can work with the Senator on this.
                  This morning, I received a very warm email from the Senator . He did not
                   comment specifically on all of the points I raised. However, he clearly wants to
                   work with the State and the Legislature on a friendly , bi-partisan basis.

              A couple of other points. Much of the Senator' s outline is premised on opening ANWR
              and using the revenues therefrom . Circumstances are changing slowly for the better.
              However, the Democratic leadership in Congress appears adamantly opposed to
              opening ANWR or more of the OCS.

              We have fought for federal OCS revenue sharing with states for years and have come
              close on prior occasions. In the current budget climate, this appears to be a tough sell.

              I hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything more.

              p.s. I have copied everyone who is working on these issues so that we are all aware of
              what has occurred thus far. Please keep in confidence.




              John W. Katz
             Director of State/Federal Relations
             and Special Counsel to the Governor
             jwkatz(a alaskadc. ory
             (202)624-5858

              >>> On 7/2/2008 at 1:25 AM , in message
              <2E222297579BD54CBF7BFB95C542C28ECE782A@SOAANCMSGO3 .soa.alaska.gov>,



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0020267
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 4 of 4


                "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov> wrote:
                  { John,

                   Good morning!

                   First of all, I am back assisting the Governor with Gasline Communications . So, hello again!

                   Secondly, in that capacity, Kurt Gibson (Member of Gasline Team / Division of Oil & Gas) and I have been
                   working on potential talking points for the Governor if she 's asked about the Senator's energy plans or if she's
                   asked to participate in the press conference . Earlier today, I reached out to some of those on his staff that I
                   know and they were incredibly receptive to assisting us and pleased that someone from Alaska actually called
                   them to say hello and ask for information . One even suggested that the Governor might stand with the Senator
                   which probably doesn 't even work with her schedule, but I don't know. At this point, we're treating this press
                   conference as something she may have to respond to and we 'd like to do so in a positive manner.

                   Kris Perry said that you've also got information that no one else has regarding the bullet line. And so as I put the
                   talking points together and outline my conversation with his office , I was wondering if you could check against
                   your information and add to R. Ideally , you and I would have this done by 10am ish, if that works with your
                   schedule, so that the Governor can look at this first thing in the morning.

                   Thanks so much,
                   Meghan




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 _0020268
