Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, July 02, 2008 3:57 PM
         To:                      Benedict, Nichole M (GOV)
         Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
         Subject:                 FW: Other




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

         Sent: Wednesday, July 02, 2008 1:55 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other




         Web mail from : Ms. Rose Rodriguez Garcia

         address: P . O. Box 222322 Anchorage AK 99522

           907-350-4677



         MESSAGE:

         Governor Palin,




         Let me first express my appreciation for the wonderful reception you gave our military
         personnel during the celebration of Alaska's 50 Years event/Elmendorf Air Force base. My
         husband and my father are both Veterans and my son is currently serving in Iraq. We not
         only pray for




                                                               i




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0020270
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page I of 1


             Unknown

              From:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:       Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:17 PM
              To:         Morgan; Katryn L (GOV)
              Cc:         Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject Re: Greta Clark: Vision for the Yupik People
             Absolutely the reconciliation is long overdue. I don't know what the "right" opportunity will be,
             but pray for God's opportunity to be presented. Lefs be prepared with God-inspired words for
             that time... so feel free to begin! (So will I begin to contemplate this.)

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)" <kate .morgan@alaska.gov>
             Date: Wed, 02 Jul 2008 12:30:51 -0800
             To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
             Subject: Greta Clark: Vision for the Yupik People

             -Governor,

             I wanted to convey the conversation that I had with Greta Clark , the woman you met at One Lord Sunday
             in the Valley. Greta wanted to share with you the vision that she felt God had given her for the Yupik
             people in particular, but which is applicable for all Natives ; you asked me to get her phone number so that
             our office might contact her later.

             Greta is a Christian and a prayer warrior , and she says there is still a tremendous amount of pain in
             Alaska's Native communities due to Non-native on Native injustice and duplicity . When she visits these
             communities with her ministry, she tells them of the apologies she's received from Non-natives for the
             way the Native people have been treated , apologies that have helped her move forward. She says that -
             especially in the far north - they respond with, We have not heard this! We 're hurt! They broke our trust,
             stole from us, and hurt us . We don't believe what you have said they say.'

             Greta longs for reconciliation and healing . She believes this can only begin with a public apology. She
             said that it needs to be someone who can reach across the line of pain , eventually suggesting that if you
             felt God lead you in this direction, that you be the one to issue such an apology at an upcoming AFN
             conference, if the opportunity presented itself . Greta believes that a public apology would begin deep
             healing, bring political alignment, and provide opportunity for the Native communities - right now, Greta
             says that most far north Native communities are NOT supportive of AGIA, because they fear the land will
             be ruined or taken from them even further. She thinks they would support your efforts to build a gasline, if
             they knew that you loved them and were caring for their best interests. She mentioned Todd, saying that
             the fact that your husband is Native would strengthen the impact your apology would have. Greta
             believes that the apology would help Native communities move past their pain.

             I asked Greta if she was connected to a prayer network , and she laughed and said , "Oh, yes!" She said
             they keep you in their prayers , and are constantly bringing their wounded people before God . I thanked
             her and asked her to continue to do so; in the case that you speak at future AFN's, you will most certainly
             have prayer cover from the Native community.

             I don't know what your upcoming schedule looks like, although I'm certain it's busy; but if you do have
             such an opportunity , and you feel you should take it, I would be privileged to assist you with remarks to
             move forward on the path to reconciliation . Please let me know if you have any questions for me
             regarding this conversation /topic, and thank you for your time.

             Kate Morgan
             Communications Coordinator
             Office of Governor Sarah Palin
             (907) 269-7450




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020271
