Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Wednesday, July 02, 2008 9:23 AM
          To:                     Castle; Lillian K (GOV)
          Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV); Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
          Subject:                FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Tuesday, July 01, 2008 4:56 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Duke Kahumoku

          address: 6711 Weimer Dr. #5 Anchorage AK 99502

           907-677-1981



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Sarah Palin, (My HERO)




          My name is Duke Kahumoku (Republican), 26 years old, I have a wife Kathryn and an almost 3
          year old named Seamus(Shay-mes). I an a Hawaiian living in Alaska as a resident, I know
          it may sound pretty insane. I've been here since 1992 when our family moved to Kodiak and
          I was 10 or 11(Dad was one of the Captain's for the Coast Guard fire house there.). I've
          learned how to fish & hunt from the great native alaskans that live there. Also, I do
          call Alaska my home, not Hawaii.




          I hold a class A CDL and worked construction until I severly injured my back through
          working labor on a job. This occurred last August, 2007. It's a long story and I know
          that you may be very busy so I won't go into the details,.I will only say that I go in for
          back surgery July 23, 2008 with a fusion at two levels L4-L5/L5-S1 and maybe L3-L4. I've
          been in severe pain since that injury and my right leg goes numb only if I do the dishes,
          so, I am bound to bed rest, however my right leg still remains numb so I may as well just
          do it right, haha. I was barely able to make it through my first year of college last
          year at UAA.  Missing out on many lecture's because of pain, I studied hard through the
          pain and the affects of meds and I got pretty good grades with a 4.0 last semester with
                                                              1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020278
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           barely showing up (Chemistry was one of the classes , VERY hard for me .), Naha.




           Anyways, I ' ve been meaning to communicate with you since you were voted in because I and
           my wife Kathryn voted for you and we support you for TWO terms. We wish you could remain
           our Governer forever, because we know that you really do care for Alaskans and want to do
           what ' s best for us. So , with all of this time and sitting I just wanted to let you know
           how much strength that you give to me.     (I will be honest , I am afraid of this surgery
           because anything can happen , especially while working around Major nerves .)    Every time I
    i      hear your voice speaking to your people of Alaska , it somehow strengthens me through this
           very tough time in my life ( I want to be fishing and hunting right now , I'm not one to just
           sit).    I know that may sound crazy . But, just to give you an idea of how you influence my
           home; I Love the story of "Alexander the Great ".    He is my favorite of them all. For he
           truly loved the people that he conquered and was not ruthless to them. Also, he made
           things happen for

            his people and he was not greedy like those before him .     But, shared the windfall of
           riches with his people . Just like you are trying to do.




           Governor Palin, you are my "Alexander the Great". I do look up to you and your
           administration because you make things happen to benefit Alaska.   You did not bow to any
           oil company when you raised the taxing on oil to add to Alaska's already thriving state
           account.  This was an awesome move and the Governer before you lost all trust in the
           people by cushioning his own lifestyle and buddying up with these oil companies.




           Anyways , my whole reason for this email is that I was able to visit Hawaii , the Big
           Island , Kailua -Kona this last Christmas (painful traveling , lots of meds , haha. ) for two
           weeks and I haven ' t been back since I was 9 or 17 years ago. I am seriously considering
           getting all of my schooling here at UAA and then moving back . to Hawaii to run for
           politics .  Because , the democrats basically continue to vote down funding to better suit
           the healthcare for the Hawaiian residents .   This is only one of the many struggles that I
           am seeing the people are facing . My Father is now a Fire Chief for the airport of Kailua-
           Kona and Waimea airport and he is so afraid of a disaster striking because there is only
           one very small Hospital in Kona for that side of the Island .    The next hospital is 45
           minutes to 2 hours away depending on where you are located.




           **My question to you after all of this blabbing is what classes or degree shall I be
           pursuing to learn politics to become as great as you .   One day I desire to become the
           Governer of Hawaii ( NOT for power , but, to make life better for the people like you.)And
           although they have a different major source of revenue , I will be calling you for
           information . So, any words of wisdom, information , etc. that you may have for me will be
           valued Greatly.


                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0020279
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Sorry for keeping you for so long, I did not intend for this email to be this long.
          Congrats on the new baby, I'm sure that this new child of yours is SO cute .  God has been
          very gracious to you and your family and I only desire that your household will continue
          to be blessed. "Long live Governor Sarah Palin ." This is what the people of Alaska
          should be shouting from the streets each time you show up.




          My recovery will be long but I would like to remain in touch with you. Oh, if you could
          review the Alaska workers comp . laws and do anything to increase the benefits for getting
          rehabilitated through getting retrained instead of taking money ( I don't want the money I
          desire education only as a compensation .)    Right now , insurance companies through Alaska
          law are only required to pay for two years for someone like myself to become retrained or
          attend UAA for a 2 year degree. The problem with that is most of the 2 year degrees
          require pre-requisites or in other words it takes 3 years of study in the Radiology
          Technology program to get the benefits of an Associate ' s Degree .   It makes no sense to me.
          Other places like Charter College are too expensive because the insurance is only required
          to pay $13 , 500 give or take total . AVTEC , another retraining place only trains for jobs
          making much less than I made as a truck driver / laborer.




           That ' s another question ; again I'm sorry for keeping you-



          I would like to meet you sometime personally the next time you come into Anchorage, maybe
          during my recovery period, the whole next year basically.. Or a call if you have the time
          would be so awesome.




          Sincerely,




          Duke Kahumoku (R)



           (907) 677 - 1981 Home



           (907) 240 - 3004 Cell

                                                          3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0020280
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "My Governor seek thee out this entire U.S. Nation which is equal to thyself ; for Alaska
           has not room for thee."



           -Duke Kahumoku




           Meaning :   " Sarah Palin for President of the United States".




           (Words of King Phillip 2nd cried out in much joy to Alexander the Great when Alexander
           tamed a horse which he named Bucephalus " ox-headed " as a young boy when no other man could
           tame this horse. ) Obviously , these words are tweeked a little by myself .   These words are
           from the heart of one of your most honored citizens .   Have a wonderful day.




           thegoat8l2 @ hotmail.com




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0020281
