Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, July 02, 2008 9:37 AM
         To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
         Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
         Subject:                 FW: Other




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@ govweb . alaska.gov [ mailto:WebMail @ govweb . alaska.govj

         Sent : Tuesday, July 01, 2008 11:06 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin      ( GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Other




         Web mail from: Mr. Bruce Lozanoff

         address: po box 4225 palmer AK 99645

           907-376-1031



         MESSAGE:

         Gov. Palin,




         I have been a resident in the Mat-Su for 25 years now and in fact I have had the.pleasure
         of working with both of your parents and spending time talking to them about their latest
         adventures.  I must say, I.voted for you with some trepidation; however, I figured if you
         had the same.personality as your parents, you would work out fine. Well, my intuition was
         right.




         My wife is a special education teacher and I am a school psychologist and we appreciate
         greatly what you are trying to do to improve the overall educational environment in the
         state. You appear to be a strong advocate for children as well as improving the work
         conditions for all educators.




                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1 0020275
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Your latest proposal of a energy allowance for state residents further shows your
            understanding of the financial plight of hard working Alaskans barely making ends meet.




            In the last 2 years I personally know 5 couples , all in education , who have left the state
            because ' of the continued soaring costs of living along with stagnant salaries . Each of
            these couples had been employed in the Mat - Su for a minimum of 20 years . These were hard
            decisions for all of them , but an economic necessity outweighed there love of the state.
      I




            My wife and I are in the same boat and are in the process of making huge lifetime
            decisions . We were recently in the lower 48 looking not only at comparable paying jobs,
            but an overall cost of living that is becoming more and more disparaging here. For
            example, gas prices in Ohio, Colorado , Wyoming and Illinois were a minimum of .70 less a
            gallon. This sure adds up over time.




            We continue to feel Alaska is our home and we feel you are certainly a very positive
            political change in a politically polluted environment. Keep up the good work for the
            people and don't let the system get the best of you.




            Bruce and Linda Lozanoff



            blozanoff @ hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0020276
