Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 5


               Unknown

               From:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:    Thursday, July 03, 2008 8:03 AM
               To:       Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
               Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Subject: Fw: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY
               Thanks again for yesterday! Here's a recap of meetings I shared w Kurt:
               (And we do need to plan for other producerstindependents to be invited to sit w TC right after
               the affirmative vote - we can at least put out the invite)

                Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Date: Thu, 3 Jul 2008 16:00:02 +0000
               To: Kurt Gibson<kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>; K Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Re: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

               I think he'll say something along the lines: "I don't care who builds the gasline, just get it built".
               Marty and Tom were amazingly patient w Wally. It seemed that Malcolm learned a few things
               and perhaps will be able to explain more to Wally. He repeated that they'd have to "study
               further" some of the things we were telling him. He (and later Sheffield) both acted surprised
               and unbelieving when we. said in-state IS priority - as big line is built of course we'll facilitate
               spur and/or bullet. They thought we were so locked in w big line there was no chance for LNG.
               Also, Sheffield had heard we're prohibited from talking to anyone but TC once they're licensed.
               He brought up Lesil's mediation idea and insisted we need to consider this, but not with an
               outside mediator (instead that would be me)... I told him the day after TC is licensed we DO sit
               down with them, the producers... all the players. We won' t mandate partnerships but can
               facilitate. And I told him Hal had already agreed to that, as had Mulva, and I'd assume at least
               BP would join in too, probably Exxon, and why not independents too?'He was shocked that
               we'd already thought of that and were planning it - and we were certainly not prohibited from
               doing so. He used the term "travesty" when referring to this assumed gag order. Kris has
               Sheffield's talking points that he left with us, I'll ask her to get those to you, Tom, Marty, Meg.
               Thanks again!

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Gibson, Kurtis K (DNR)" <kurtis.gibson@alaska.gov>
               Date: Thu, 03 Jul 2009 07:25:14 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               Subject: RE: STEVENS ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY

               thank you, you did wonderfully. Marty said Rickel was pretty tough . any indication from senator stevens
               regarding what he might say next week when he addresses the legislature ? sure would be nice to hear
               him say something positive about AGIA.

               thanks again.

               kkg




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0020297
