Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                    Wednesday, July 02, 2008 7:25 PM
             To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject                  Re: Filming at the Heaven farm


             Pls let them know it didn't work out as I am traveling back to Juneau Thanks

             ------Original Message------

             From: Sharon Leighow

             To: Governor Sarah Palin

             To: K Perry

             To: Janice Mason

             Sent: Jul 1, 2008 6:55 PM

             Subject: Filming at the Heaven farm



             Governor-



              I spoke with Margaret Heaven today about the film crew at her farm. They are filming a
             "psycho thriller" on the property and she wanted to know if you would like to stop by and
             say hello. to the crew. She said the crew is there late into the evenings. I told her that
             if your schedule permits, I would let her know. Ms. Heaven implied that you knew where her
             farm is located. Thanks



             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   I




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0020295
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page I of I


                Unknown

                 From:    John Katz [jwkatz(cALASKADC.orgl
                 Sent:    Thursday, July 03, 2008 5:03 AM
                 To:      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Energy Event/follow-up

                 It sounds like you and Senator Stevens had a very successful event
                 yesterday.

                 Is there any follow-up that you would like to see at the federal level? We are
                 already on record in support of most of the energy initiatives that Senator
                 Stevens outlined. However, I just want to make sure that we're not missing
                 anything from your perspective.

                 Much of what the Senator proposed will be difficult in an election year.
                 However, the polls show that public opinion is changing for the better, and I
                 believe that the drum beat must continue.

                 John W. Katz
                 Director of State/Federal Relations
                 and Special Counsel to the Governor
                 iwkatz&laskadc org
                 (202)624-5858




      A




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0020296
