Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                  Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/C N=RECIPI ENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
           Sent:                   Thursday, July 03, 2008 4:14 PM
           To:                     Rutherford; Marty K (DNR);'gov_sarah©yahoo.com'
           Cc:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                Re: In-State Gas concept paper for Monday's Press Conference


           Thanks Marty. I forwarded to Mike Nizich for you also.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)

           To: ExternalEmailgsp; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

           Sent: Thu Jul 03 15:47:45 2008

           Subject: In-State Gas concept paper for Monday's Press Conference



           Governor, Kris,



           Here is what I believe to be the "final" concept paper for the "In-State Gas" Conference
           on Monday.  This paper has the blessing of both ANGDA and ENSTAR and this is the concept
           we are all working off. And, hopefully, their comments will be pegged off it as well.
           The following people will be at the press event, although other representatives from the
           entities may show-up:




           ENSTAR:




           Gene Dubay, Executive VP & COO for Continental Energy Systems (owner company of ENSTAR)




          Colleen Starring, Regional VP for ENSTAR




          ANGDA:




          Scott Heyworth, Acting Chairman
                                                                1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020323
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Harold Heinze, CEO




          Administration:



          Tom Irwin, DNR



          Pat Galvin, DOR



          Joe Balash ,   Gov's Ofc




          Marcia Davis, DOR




          Marty Rutherford, DNR




          I have advised everyone that the press conference is scheduled for 1:00pm on Monday, July
          7th, in your Anchorage Conference Room .  They have also been advised that you will be
          announcing this formation of a project development venture ( a public/private partnership)
          and will be laying out the concept , followed by Gene Dubay, Scott Heyworth and Harold
          Heinze making brief statements . I have asked everyone to be at your offices about 15
          minutes ahead of time as you may want to go into the Conference Room together.




          I will be using this paper to put together some talking points for you, Governor .          Should
          you wish anything else, please let me know . My cell phone #: 317-4728.




          Also, we have identified a series of people to pre-message this announcement to and we
          will be making those calls on Sunday evening and early Monday.




                                                       2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 0020324
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Thanks for all your support, Governor, and for your recognition that dealing with in-state
            gas needs is critical! It was a great insight that I believe will push the AGIA License
            over the edge!



            Marty




                                                        3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0020325
