Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of I


              Unknown

              From :    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:     Thursday, July 03, 2008 9:28 AM
              To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: Re: 4th of July offer -
              Thanks J. I'll be wherever they need me (and the kids) to be at 10:30.
              Thanks so much for letting Jace pick up Willow!
              Do u know what time fireworks are tonight?

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>
              Date : Thu, 03 Jul 2008 08:40:09 -0800
              To: Sarah Palin<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              Subject: 4th of July offer -

              Governor - Good Morning and Welcome to Sunny Juneau!

              I just received a phone call from the 0 of July Parade Committee here . They had heard that you may be
              in town and would like to extend an offer to you. They have a 64 Thunderbird Convertible that is available
              for you to ride through the Parade in . You would need to be available tomorrow morning at 10 :30 a.m. to
              do this. Harrison Ford is rumored to be here also (sighting at Baranof Hotel) and they have asked that he
              ride in Parade but because of Security they say he has already left town.

             I also just talked with Bob (ANC office) and he checked on the Caravan for July 20. This would be from
             Wasilla Airstrip to the Fairbanks Picnic and then to Chena Hot Springs . The Caravan is available at that
             time. From Wasilla to Fairbanks is approximately 1.5 hours . Fairbanks to Chena Hot Springs is 20
             minutes. The plane can overnight or come back the same evening.

              Thanks, Janice




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0020346
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                Page I of I


               Unknown

               From:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:       Thursday, July 03, 2008 9:29 AM
               To:         Rowland; Mindy B (GOV)
               Cc:         Goode; Kelly C (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Compliment for You
               It's so good to be here! I'm excited for the festivities tomorrow, too.
               And wow, what a nice message from Carl. Barrow was a great trip - interesting, educational,
               friendly and fun! I wish we could do more of that.

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)" <mindy.rowland@alaska.gov>
               Date: Thu, 03 Jul 2008 09:05:53 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               CC: Goode, Kelly C (GOV)<kelly.goode@alaska.gov>
               Subject : Compliment for You

               Hi Governor,

               Representative Gatto emailed me this morning to say that you left a very positive impression on both him
               and the residents of Barrow when you visited earlier this week. I thought you would like to hear what he
               had to say. You can tell me all about goose head soup one of these days.

               Take care and welcome back to Juneau . It's another beautiful day so far , I'll cross my fingers that it holds
               out while you're here.

               -Mindy

               Dear Mindy,
                      I thought you would like to pass on to the governor my observations from Barrow where the
               governor addressed the.
              Whaling Festival (Nalukataq) ceremonies. I hope I got the Native name correct but for all I know I might
              be referring to whale intestines. I am sure the whaling museum is the Inupiat Heritage Center and the
              college is the llisagvik, so I got at least a couple names right. Sarah spoke with great humility when
              referring to the whale boat captains and crews and to the elders , the mayor, a few other distinguished
              persons and every one who was there . I can say without any question that the Barrowites (another long
              shot) thought very highly of her willingness to attend their ceremony, her grace in giving so much credit to
              them, and her warmth and sincerity. I did not observe a single dissenting face, and I looked hard. Her
              efforts were well noticed and wildly appreciated, by them, and by many but not all of my colleagues.
              Some legislators simple are just too crabby. Many thanks from her fellow valleyite (hope that's right.)
              When you get a chance , ask her about goose head soup!

              Sincerely,

              Rep. Carl Gatto


              Mindy Rowland
              Deputy Legislative Director
              Office of Governor Sarah Palin
              465-4021




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0020347
