Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page 1 of I


              Unknown

              From:     Swanton, Charles 0 (DFG) [charles.swanton@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Sunday, July 06, 2008 9:32 AM
              To:       Nancy Berland
              Cc:       Taylor, Kenton P (DFG); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV); Brookover,
                        Thomas E (DFG)
              Subject: RE: transparent, accountable state agencies
              Ms. Berland: we can certainly appreciate your frustration regarding the initial records request of April 29,
              2008 and the ensuing time period awaiting a formal response. Please note, your original request for
              copies of "all memoranda, reports, data, studies, correspondence, comments, conversation records, files,
              electronic mail records, ..." has subsequently been modified at least three times in consultation with you
              in an attempt to narrow the scope of your original request These conversations, in and of themselves,
              should be testament to our resolve to be accountable and transparent We are currently in the final
              throws of satisfying your modified request dated June 3, 2008 and should have the email records to you
              this week.

              Respectfully,
              Charlie Swanton


              From : Nancy Berland [mailto:lccli@aptalaska.net]
              Sent: Thursday, July 03, 2008 2:27 PM
              To: Swanton, Charles 0 (DFG)
              Cc: Taylor, Kenton P (DFG); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Crome, Cora 3 (GOV);
              Brookover, Thomas E (DFG)
              Subject: transparent, accountable state agencies

              Dear Charlie,

              Lynn Canal Conservation has been advocating protecting the outstanding salmon spawning and
              rearing habitat inside the Alaska Chilkat Bald Eagle Preserve from preventable impacts from
              32-passenger twin 150 horsepower commercial jet boat tours since 2000. Our past involvement
              is well documented in the administrative record.

              Having a scientific basis is key to good decision-making. Providing the public with that
              scientific basis is good policy and makes for transparent, accountable government.

             The 2008 ADFG recommendations for the commercial jet boat tour route are the first from the
             Palin administration, and represent a significant departure from the precautionary management
             of past ADFG recommendations. Since April 29, LCC has unsuccessfully tried to ascertain
             ADFG's scientific basis for those recommendations through a series of 3 records requests. As of
             today, July 3, we are no closer to learning that basis than we were on April 29.

             What we have learned is that "there is not a central file system within the department containing
             a single or central Chilkat River file for 2008." That the individual who was central to decision-
             making stated "existing public records will likely not provide answers to the specific questions
             posed in your requests for scientific rationale." That the local ADFG office - even though it was
             involved in formulating the recommendations - has been instructed not to provide us with
             information and instead we must go through Anchorage.

             Since ADFG seems unable/unwilling to provide its scientific basis, can we correctly assume that
             there was no scientific basis upon which ADFG reversed precautionary management of some of
             the best salmon habitat inside the Preserve, and Southeast Alaska?

             Nancy Berland
             Conservation Director



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA GSPOI 0020404
