Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From .,                  Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govj
         Sent:                    Monday, July 07, 2008 1:20 PM
         To:                      soonerfans@gci.net
         Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

          Sent: Sunday, July 06, 2008 4:14 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Ms. Tonya Essary

          address: 2260 Fritz Cove Rd. Juneau AK 99801




          MESSAGE:

          I just wanted to tell you it was a pleasure to see you and your two youngest in the July
          4th parade. My children were touched when you saw us with our Oklahoma Sooner t-shirts and
          hats on and you gave a thumbs up and said go 0(3 SOONERS! My ten year old wants to be a
          true Alaskan girl like you. We moved here from Oklahoma two and half years ago and would
          not move to the lower 48 for anything. We love Juneau, our state jobs and Alaska. Thank
          you for your time and GO SOONER BOOMERS!




          Tonya Essary



          soonerfans @gci.net




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0020433
