Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:     Monday, July 07, 2008 3:34 PM
             To:        Crome; Cora J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Bristol Bay
             Thank you. It's very, very disappointing that they left fishermen high and dry again. We have got
             to allow more competition in our fisheries. Wesley Loy asked me about this today- I said we
             won't do what past admins have done in squashing opportunity for competition, but like AGIA
             with our gas resources we want to develop our fish resources with more competition.
             Also, he asked me about a rumor that PeterPan put the Bay drifters on limits but allowed set
             netters (Todd) to keep fishing. I told him "wrong", not true, Todd was shut down along with
             everyone else. He appreciated being corrected, he said. Someone was spreading false rumors
             there.

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "Crome, Cora J (GOV)" <cora.crome@alaska.gov>
             Date: Mon, 07 Jul 2008 11:26:55 -0800
             To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV)<mike. nizich@alaska.gov>
             Subject : Bristol Bay

              I have talked with all the major processors to get status reports on their Bristol Bay operations . It appears
             that most of the fleet is on limits. For the drifters , the limits are relatively high, 9-11 thousands pounds per
             tide. For the setnetters, limits are lower. Limits may persist for a few more days until catches slow down.
              No one appears to have any additional assets available to deploy . Peter Pan was able to deploy an
              additional tender from their King Cove operation. Their King Cove plant is running at full speed with
             Bristol Bay fish. Icicle is running their three floaters and their shore plant in the bay and hauling 220-400
             thousand pounds a day to their Kodiak plant. I have made it clear that we are disappointed with the way
             production is going in the bay and asked that they do everything in their power to increase production and
             lift limits as soon as possible.
             I have the regional supervisor from ADF&G verifying processing assets on the grounds with what they
             promised in the capacity survey . He is applying pressure to processors and is also tracking limits and
             suspensions.
             I am traveling to Naknek today and will meet with additional processors out there to see if anything else
             can be done.
             Current production is in the 1 . 5-1.6 million fish per day range including what is being sent to other plants.
             The preseason survey indicated they would be able to handle 1 .7 million daily not including sendouts, so
             they are a little short of what they predicted.
             I will send another update after I get out there and talk to a few more processors . We also have one
             additional floating processor that is waiting on permits and are trying to expedite that process.
             Cora




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0020436
