Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Monday, July 07, 2008 11:05 AM
         To:                      'snownursel @aol.com'
         Subject:                 RE: Fish and Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah.Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although. she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

         Sent: Friday, July 04, 2008 10:12 PM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Ms. Marlene Buccione Miller

         address: HC-52, Box 8755 Indian AK 99540

           907-653-7507



         MESSAGE:

         Honorable, and fully respected, Gov. Palin,



         I'm not sure if you were informed that Potter Marsh Grand Opening will be Saturday, July
         26, 2008.



         It would mean so much if you could attend this grand opening. There will be rehabilitated
         eagle release, signing of the Urban Treaty for Migratory Birds. Our new boardwalk is now
         over 1,000 ft with wildlife viewing decks and viewing blinds. ADF&G's Mobile Aquatic
         Classroom with even be there. Some of the sponsors , none of this is political, so your
         husband can even come , are Alaska Department of Fish and Game, Bird Treatment and Learning
         Center, MOA Parks and Recreation, Alaska Zoo, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Anchorage
         Audubon, Anchorage Waterways Council, and Ducks Unlimited also Audubon Alaska. Your
         schedule is so busy so I can understand, I;m just an old operating room nurse, now
         wildlife photographer, and I have a friend who is a FBI agent, Bob Busey, in Anchorage is
         you need credentials. Thank you so much,



         Respectfully,



                                                              1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0020440
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Marlene Buccione -Miller



          snownursel@aol.com




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0020441
