Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Tuesday, July 08, 2008 7:52 AM
         To:                      Katz; John W (GOV)
         Cc:                      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
         Subject :                Re: Senator Stevens/In-State Gas Pipeline


         Yeah! Thanks



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Sent: Tue Jul 08 06:43:57 2008

         Subject: Senator Stevens/In-State Gas Pipeline




         You may have seen it already, but I wanted to make sure that you had a copy of Senator
         Stevens' statement (pasted below) in support of the In-State gas proposal you announced
         yesterday.



         I think that the level of communication and coordination we are now seeing will be
         beneficial at both the State and federal levels as we pursue our respective energy
         initiatives.




         Senator Stevens to Actively Support



         Gov. Palin's In-State Gasline Proposal



         Stands Ready to Help in Federal Administrative Process




         WASHINGTON, D.C. - Senator Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) today offered praise for Governor Sarah
         Palin's in-state natural gas pipeline proposal and pledged his full backing of the
         project.

                                                               1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI_0020455
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "The Governor ' s in-state gasline proposal has my full support . This is absolutely critical
           to our future economy . If Alaskans work together , we can expect delivery of this
           affordable energy source in what is really a very short timeframe ," said Senator Stevens.
           "The concept of a public - private partnership will get this project from the drawing board
           to construction quickly and efficiently . I will write a letter to the Federal Energy
           Regulatory Commission Tuesday asking them to assess and speed up any permitting that may
           be required for construction of this pipeline."




           The energy initiatives Senator Stevens announced last week included proposed legislation
           aimed at streamlining development and federal permitting of an in - state gasline. His
           energy initiatives will lay a broad foundation for addressing Alaska's and the nation's
           energy crisis through the combination of increased domestic production ; development of
           renewable and alternative energy; conservation and energy efficiency ; and protection from
           lawsuits and market manipulation.




          "Governor Palin ' s plan for an in- state gas line is aligned with our common goal to help
          bring Alaskans the next generation of affordable and clean energy," said Senator Stevens.




          John W. Katz

          Director of State / Federal Relations

          and Special Counsel to the Governor

          jwkatz @ alaskadc . org <mailto : jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

           (202)624-5858




                                                           2




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0020456
