Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                       Mason, Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JLMASON)
         Sent:                       Tuesday, July 08, 2008 4:06 PM
         To:                         Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                    RE: Environment


         This is a strange one. I do not know if it warrants a response. If so - I would
         recommend sending to communications.



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2008 1:36 PM

         To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

         Subject: FW: Environment



         Janice,

         Not sure what to do with this, if it was out of state I would delete it, but it is not,
         can you help???



         -----Original Message-----

         From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)
                                 I



         Sent: Monday, July 07, 2008 10:36 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Environment



         Web mail fro




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0020452
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              7/8 - Can America Solve Its Problems?                                                                                      Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Tuesday, July 08, 2008 2:55 PM
               To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW Weekly: Can America Solve Its Problems?




              From: membership @uschamber .com [mailto:membership@uschamber.comj
              Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2008 12:26 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Weekly: Can America Solve Its Problems?


                                                                    View this online.
                                        http://www. uschamber.info/notice-desctiption.tci?newsletter_id=27689759




                                                                  Tuesday, July 8, 2008

                      Can America Solve Its Problems?
                      By Tom Donohue, President and CEO

                                      Underneath Americans' joy and hoopla while celebrating the Fourth of July was deep-
                                      seated doubt about America's ability to compete and win in a rapidly changing world.

                                     Pick up any paper or watch any newscast and you're sure to see a commentator saying
                                     that America is in decline and is incapable of fixing its problems . New York Times
                                     columnist Thomas Friedman says forget Iraq and Afghanistan ; we need nation building
                     right here in America, and nothing else really matters. Newsweek commentator Fareed Zakaria captures
                     American anxiety in his new book . He notes that the world's tallest building is in Taipei . Its largest publicly
                     traded company is in Beijing . Its biggest refinery is being constructed in India, and
                     so on.

                                                                                                           >> Join the conversation. I

                 Capital Roundup

                                  Chamber Member Formalizes Relationship with Army Reserves
                                  U.S. Chamber member Con-way Freight is partnering with the U.S. Army Reserve to recruit,
                                  train, and employ reserve soldiers seeking careers in the trucking industry.



                                 Planning is Crucial to Long-Term Disaster Recovery, Says BCLC Report
                                 When a disaster hits, there's not a lot of time to move into action. To facilitate a speedy
                                 disaster recovery, a community must have on-the-ground expert analysis, dear goal-setting,
                                 and a well-defined division of labor, according to a new report issued by the U.S. Chamber of
                                 Commerce Business Civic Leadership Center on July 1.

                     In This Issue                                                  Featured

                     In Your Backyard : Government Not Benefiting from               Dear 44: Health Care That Works For All
                     Rising Gas Prices




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0020453
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              7/8 - Can America Solve Its Problems?                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2



                                                                                                                                   We can't predict who will be
                       Economy : Vehicle Sales Continue Downward Trend                                                             the 44th president of the
                                                                                                                                   United States, but we do
                      Tech Tools: Upgrades: Move Forward Smartly                                                                   know the challenges the
                                                                                                                                   winner of the 2008 elections
                       In Your Comer Advancing the Climate Change Debate
                                    .                                                                                              will face.

                       Point of View: Arizona Immigration Law Costly to                                     We are having the wrong or, at best, an
                       Businesses                                                                           incomplete conversation about health care.
                                                                                                            And we are setting the wrong expectations
                       Success Insight: Business Grows Greener on Farm                                      for the American people.

                                                                                                                                                  >> Join the debate.


                      Member Benefits
                     ·----------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
                       LTL Solutions to Meet Your Needs
                       Chamber members receive a 65% discount with the carriers of YRC
                       Worldwide, offering more direct delivery points in North America than                                                           mot st '
                       any other provider and coverage throughout the U .S., Canada, Mexico
                       and Puerto Rico. Yellow Transportation, Roadway , New Penn, USF
                       Holland and USF Reddaway offer a full range of service options to meet
                       your needs, including lift-gate service , residential delivery, and exhibit
                       service.                                                                                                    M& parAwWOEALS
                       U.S. Chamber members can save by calling 800-293-0414, or visiting
                       our online benefits center.


                                                                 uschamber com Weekly I Editor John Reid
                                                                                                 .
                                                             Writers: Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo, Kay Gowan
                     You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce , which has
                      partnered with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members-
                     only access to our online Small Business Center , as well as other periodic communications. To simply change
                      your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on your subscription
                                                                 management page.

                           The U .S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this
                          newsletter. Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                                                               You are subscribed as: governor 91 gov.state.ak.us

                                                                                 Your Account:
                                                          Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                      Remove me from uschamber.com Weekly.
                         http:/lwww.uschamber.infoifedmemberlremove-domain red td?ctx=center&nkev=w Swot 6rr7e6dbxk&


                     If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership, reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                     line, or ciick here . To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on
                     your Subscription Management Page. You must foloow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed. For
                     more information about U .S. Chamber member benefits, call our dedicated customer service line at 1-800-838-8582. .




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020454
