Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From :      PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall @yahoo.com]
              Sent:       Tuesday, July 08, 2008 3:48 PM
              To:         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                          (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); gov team
              Cc:         resources@akrdc.org
              Subject: T. Boone Pickens.. An energy plan -On National T.V. -Harmonic Fuels
              Date: 7-8-08 Tuesday

              To:     All Citizens

              Ref: www. Pickens .olan.com

                     T. Boone Pickens a plan for Energy - ENERGY - Harmonic Fuels




              From: Paul D. Kendall     "Will Free"




              Ladies and Gentlemen,,,



                 Wow, I just saw T.Boone Pickens on a National T. V. add on CNN about Harmonic Fuels ... 3rd time
              now... this am...and he is announcing an ENERGY PLAN.,

                    WOW! good of America.

              GOD, i love America and our Govenor Palin(& team) and T Boone Pickens..

              I think they get the message on energy. I think..!



              It truly is inspirational to see that someone gets it.and as an old dog ... Pickens gets it .. wow....

                   Pehaps our Govenors team can invite Mr. Pickens up to Alaska to help us merge our Oil and Gas
              Fossil Fuels which we need for Revenues from those people still addicted to

               "the fossil distribution network system and associates" --

              with our need to develop hydro-electric and other harmonic fuels for our homes, loved ones and our
              freedoms.....



                 Finally, a leader of Mr. T. Boone Pickens emerges...BIG ALASKA, BIG DREAMS,               BIG FUTURE,
              BIG ENERGIES, BIG WATER BASED TECHNOLOGIES of ELECTRICITY


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020475
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 3


              Reqires

              BIG LEADERS




              Where is our Live on Camera Public Energy Forum for our homeowners and families that we all
              deserve?

                Where are our City Councils, Mayor running for another office , Chamber of commerce, Industrial
              Developers, School Districts cash whipped voting blocks, College Conoco Phillips building leaders of our
              perfect society., the Oil Companies , AEA openess in letting us follow in developing an energy plan, Our
              Bankers, Rasmussen Fund people , Pemanent Fund Managers, Electric Co-ops , Chugiach,




               What the hell has happened to the leadership positions of our great state that makes most of them "hide
              out in back rooms " or "pretend your not there " or "pretend your not their kind "or "pretend its your
              problem" or "whats your problem"

              or "pretend you dont seem to get it" or "pretend you should feel fourtunate to get 3 minuets to
              talk"



                  Where the hell is the newspapers and radio stations that should be publicly calling for an
              energy meeting for our homes and transportation?



                  How is it that one man has to go world wide to get the message ...an oil guy!



                WHAT THE HELL HAS HAPPENED TO OUR LOCAL LEADERSHIPS IN OUR INSTITUTIONS AND
              GOVERNMENTS AND FINANCIAL planners .....AND BECAUSE WE THE PEOPLE MAKE UP ALL OF
              THESE ENTITIES



             WHAT THE HELL HAS HAPPENED TO US AS A FREEDOM LOVING PEOPLE;?

              ESPECIALLY IN ALASKA....



              you,we. us, the things we love, spouses, children , parents, will never be free unless and until we
             secure our "Life Essential Energy Needs" needs!

             All electric homes

             Electric Vehicles

             New Technologies




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0020476
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


              Hydro electric

              Water based technologies

              Electricity and Water are Harmonic Fuels when sourced rightly!

              We cannot get to a new and better society untill we secure and develop"true and actual cost impact"
              energies



              Paul "Will Free" Kendall




              land line msg    907-222-7882

    I         now cell            884-2424



              pauldkenda ll[c@yahoo. com



              www.pickensplan.com go there.. it dont get much simpler.. read the comments..




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020477
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 4




               From: Tinker [mailto:tinker@mosquitonetcom]
               Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2008 11:12 AM
               To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: Fw: Deputy Commissioner for Wildlife Conservation

               Mr. N. I am forwarding an email to Denby (which he requested) on my (our) thoughts about
               replacing the Deputy Commissioner for Wildlife at F&G. Although there are a huge number
               of Alaskans who realize that the Governor has not made any progress on her "managing for
               abundance" direction, there is an opportunity here to take small steps in that direction. I
               think the earlier confrontational attitudes are set aside for now and most of us would really
               like to see her and the Department move in the right direction.

               Hope the Special Session goes well for the Acting Chief of Staff, I'm headed for Gakona to
               catch a few more sockeye in the fishwheel.

               Mike Tinker
               - Original Message -
               From: Tinker
               To: Lloyd. Denby S (DFG)
               Cc: Jennifer Yuhas ; Virgil Umpenhauer
               Sent Monday, July 07, 2008 4:37 PM
               Subject: Deputy Commissioner for Wildlife Conservation

               Commissioner, Thanks for including us (me) in your search for a new DC. You are aware I
               was not a KTaylor fan when you selected him but you did use him to best effect and mostly
               kept him out of the chain of command for Wildlife issues. His replacement can be an
               opportunity to take a few steps for the management of wildlife adding emphasis on actions
               that result in desired changes to the various wildlife populations. Jennifer Yuhas, who
               confided your conversation with her, and a few locals met me for lunch and we discussed
               what we could say to help you.

               In the early Knowles administration, I had several discussions with the then Commissioner
               Rue and Wildlife Director Smith about why it was that we had established "minimum
               conditions" for fish resources (like minimum escapement) but even with the emphasis added
               by the Legislature with the intensive management statute revisions, we couldn't seem to get
               behind the "minimum conditions" (like population objectives set by the Board of Game) for
               wildlife. I suspect commercial fishing interests with the attendant political pressures had a
               lot to do with keeping the feet to the fire for fish. There is no parallel on the wildlife side
               and I certainly can't compare Alaska's professional hunting organizations with the interest or
               clout of commercial fishermen. I and many other Alaskans and the Legislators expected the
               IM changes would result in "emphasis added".

               The lack of enthusiasm in the Department for "managing" to the population objective
               minimums needs some emphasis and we are hoping a new Deputy Commissioner can work
               in that direction as well as continue the Federal coordination interface and the more detailed
               but cumbersome issues like endangered species coordination.



                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0020478
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 3 of 4


              The coordination functions can best be served by someone who knows the "bottom line" on
              both sides of the issue and can both hold the line for Alaska 's interests and recognize how far
              the federal interests can and will go. It is my opinion that some of your
              present "representatives " can talk the talk but lack the ability to get tough when its needed. I
              would recommend you consider someone with background and backbone in Wildlife issues
              and controversies and avoid someone who just "wants to get along with everyone".

             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               One issue a new DC can review is the relationship between having some resources serve.
               statewide issues as opposed to regional issues . , The new sheep biologist position for Region
               U is an example . I don't think Doug or anyone else thinks that position won't serve the
               whole spectrum of dall sheep issues regardless of which region needs assistance . There are
               some "specialties" that would best serve as "statewide " resources and they could be
               coordinated by the new DC regardless of where the office is physically located . I remain an
               advocate of having the Directors and Deputies and Special Assistants located down the hall
               from your office whenever possible.

               It is not my intent to recommend you shake up the internal politics of the Department with
               this appointment, rather, I'd like to see some small steps to add emphasis to the management
               possibilities for the Wildlife Conservation Division.

               I wish we had a perfect name for you on this one, but we don't . I would be happy to discuss
               any "other" names you might have in mind and I wish you luck in finding the right person.
               We remain committed to helping you manage for abundance . The energy crisis points out
               the extreme value . in providing resources for Alaskans to eat . I'm sure both Boards will hear
               a lot about that this Fall.

               I'm headed south again Wednesday to see if I can catch a few more Copper River sockeye.
               Good luck.


               9/18/2009


                                                                                                             P RAGS P01 _0020479
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                               Page 4 of 4



              Mike




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020480
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Re: Letter                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :     gov.sarah @yahoo.com
               Sent:      Wednesday , July 09, 2008 11:01 AM
               To:        Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Cc:        Perry; Krishna Y (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Letter
               Pis do w that letter of clarification. The company that published the magazine hasnt done it so pls
               do it and hacew a commission member sign it thanks

               Sent from my BIackBerry® device from Cellular One


               From : "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>
               Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 09:32:20 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Re: Letter

               Governor, I am in Ketchikan right now, but am available to help.

               - Original Message
               From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
               Sent: Wed Jul 09 09:20:32 2008
               Subject: Fw: Letter

               Clarificications still needed on statehood book (or magazine):
               Sent from my BlackBeny® device from Cellular One

               -----Original Message--
               From: gov.sarahh@yahoo.com

               Date: Wed, 9 Jul 2008 17:17:33
               To: K Peny4ais.perry@alaska.gov>
               Cc: Tara Fradley<tara.fradley@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Letter


               Kris pls have tara contact the adn letter writer today to explain we did not let the Florida contract on the book
               (magazine more like it)... And one more person needs to write a letter to finally explain , in one sentence, that it was
               gail phillips-not you- under murkowski, who contracted Outside for publishing . Colleen or someone, pls have them
               do it today. Thanks
               Sent from my B1ackBeny® device from Cellular One




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0020481
