Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                    Brent Western [bmwrish@ak.net]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, July 09,2008 11:46 AM
         To:                      Crome; Cora J (GOV); Crome; Cora J (GOV)
         Cc:                      Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
         Subject:                 Cook Inlet Salmon Management


          Cora,



         I find it very disheartening that the state has subverted the BOF process by creating new
         regulation for Upper Cook Inlet salmon. I'm referring to the restriction placed on the
         drift fleet by Commissioner Lloyd for tomorrow 7/10/08. This new regulation was created
         after the BOF hearings and stated in the Department's (ADF&G) pre-season managment plan
         announced months ago.  There was no new information that was available to make this
         decision and it flies in the face of the BOF process. If this had been decided as a
         necessary step in-season, then I would agree. However, the in-season data seems to
         support the opposite of a closure, but a standard full opener for the drift fleet. Here
         are just a couple of new information data sets:



          1.  The OTF (offshore test fishing) indexes are 2 times the average (1988-2007) 602
          (2008) vs 292 avg. (1988-2007).



         2.   The drift catch is the 6th highest since 1980 with fewer boats fishing.



         All this seems to point out to a fairly large run of sockeye to UCI and indicates more
         abundant sockeye for all systems. The department and we also supported a simplification
         of the UCI salmon plans to allow for flexible and in-season management--which all our
         users and areas across this state rely on given the variables of salmon returns. We are
         perplexed to why the department has done this and many of us have tried to get a response
         to why this has occurred, but no real response from the Commissioner has been received.



         The state of Alaska has had sound fisheries management based on the best available data.
         It seems we are going backwards here in UCI. Except for actula weir counts, the use of
         the Didson sonar shows the most accurate counts and at the BOF hearings this winter the
         department :stated that it would be using the Didson.   However now the department is using
         the Bendix sonar. The department is placing restrictions on users prior to to in-season
         information would warrant any such restriction. If we are not going to use the local area
         manager, the best science available, and other sound managmenet practices--why not just
         fire 90% of ADF&G staff and let some one from Juneau decide when and what occurs in our
         fisheries.    It seems that's already happening--so why not save the state some money on
         staff and let our fisheries follow the fatal course of the lower-48 and other world
         fisheries destroyed by not using the best managment and science available.



         Anyway, you can sense my frustration with not using the best in-season management and best
         science (i.e. best sonar, etc...)  My hope is that Alaska will manage it's fisheries
         wisely and keep politics (i.e. salmon task force, ...) out of it.      Unfortunately that
         will never happen, but as an optimist--I still have faint hope.



         Respectfully,




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0020512
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Brent M. Western

          2500 Autumn Drive

         Anchorage, AK 99516

          907-440-4601




                                                     2
