Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/C N=REC IPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY)
         Sent:                    Wednesday, July 09, 2008 4:09 PM
         To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
         Cc:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
         Subject                  Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovemor'sfamily


         Yes, the state is covering. I will let Talis and others know.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         Sent: Wed Jul 09 16:00:29 2008

         Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovernor'sfamily



         Did they fully cover this trip? Pis let sharon, talis, nizich, others know so adn doesn't
         report otherwise.



         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




         From : " Perry , Kristina Y (GOV)" < kris . perry@alaska.gov>

         Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:55 : 47 -0800

         To: <gov.sarah @ yahoo.com>

         Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor ' sfamily




   I     The state is paying for travel to NGA as is customary w/invitations to first family events
         such as NGA's invitation and agenda shows for family events. With probably 50% or more of
         requests we receive; they request the first family while I'm guessing that only portions
         of the family attend and do so minimally.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                                                                1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0020531
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

         Sent: Wed Jul 09 15:35:33 2008

         Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor'sfamily



         I have not been informed of any phone calls to my office. Do u know if I am to return any
         calls or do anything on this? I sure hope nothing is written that we have to react to,
         based on adn having misinformation or not enough info.

         BTW, this trip I'm taking to NGA with family is being paid by NGA because it's some annual
         family-invitation event for the nation's governors. I'm right on that, am I, Kris?



         Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




         From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

         Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:12:21 -0800

         To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: FW: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family




         Dear Governor Palin,



               I just spoke with Mr. Nizich after I forwarded this to him. He said I should go
         ahead and let you know directly. He says your office has also received phone inquiries on
         travel in the last 24 hours from the ADN as well. This is just to give you a fuller
         picture of what may be happening in the news world. Talis




         From: Bockmon, Julia B (LAW)

         Sent: Wednesday, July 09, 2008 1:47 PM

         To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

         Cc: Jones, David T (LAW)

         Subject: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family

         Importance: High




         CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE

                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020532
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I just returned a phone call from Kyle Hopkins of the Anchorage Daily News who initially
          was looking for a copy of the 2004 opinion addressing travel on the King Air aircraft. He
          had located the opinion online just as I called back. He then said he was looking into
          the question of when a governor's family could travel at state expense and asked whether
          there was any other opinion on this issue. I advised generally that a family member might
          travel at state expense if the member was to attend an official function (he said for
          example the inauguration), and that I could not recall other opinion or guidance on this
          point.



          He then wanted to know whether there was a statute, regulation or other guidance defining
          what would be an official function or state business. I advised that I was not aware of
          any.  It would likely depend on the circumstance and the involved official's authority.
          He also asked who would decide and I suggested again it would likely be addressed in the
          circumstances on a case by case basis by the governor's office.



          He did not say or suggest whether he is looking at the question with respect to Governor
          Palin or a former governor.



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



          Judy Bockmon



         Assistant Attorney General



          Opinions, Appeals & Ethics Section



         Alaska Department of Law



          907-269-5216



         CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message and any attachments may contain information
         considered confidential under the Executive Branch Ethics Act. If you are not an
         identified recipient or believe you have received this message in. error, please notify the
         sender immediately.




                                                          3




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020533
