Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                  Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [lO=SOANOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPI ENTSICN=KYPERRY]
            Sent:                   Wednesday, July 09, 2008 3:56 PM
            To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for govemorsfamily


            The state is paying for travel to NGA as is customary w/invitations to first family events
            such as NGA's invitation and agenda shows for family events. With probably 50% or more of
            requests we receive; they request the first family while I'm guessing that only portions
            of the family attend and do so minimally.



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            Sent: Wed Jul 09 15:35:33 2008

            Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor'sfamily



            I have not been informed of any phone calls to my office. Do u know if I am to return any
            calls or do anything on this? I sure hope nothing is written that we have to react to,
            based on adn having misinformation or not enough info.

            BTW, this trip I'm taking to NGA with family is being paid by NGA because it's some annual
            family-invitation event for the nation's governors. I'm right on that, am I, Kris?



            Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




     I      From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

            Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:12:21 -0800

            To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: FW: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family




            Dear Governor Palin,



                 I just spoke with Mr. Nizich after I forwarded this to him. He said I should go
           ahead and let you know directly. He says your office has also received phone inquiries on
                                                                  I




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0020536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          travel in the last 24 hours from the ADN as well. This is just to give you a fuller
          picture of what may be happening in the news world. Talis




          From: Bockmon, Julia B (LAW)

          Sent: Wednesday, July 09, 2008 1:47 PM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Cc: Jones, David T (LAW)

          Subject: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family

          Importance: High



          CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE



          I just returned a phone call from Kyle Hopkins of the Anchorage Daily News who initially
          was looking for a copy of the 2004. opinion addressing travel on the King Air aircraft. He
          had located the opinion online just as I called back. He then said he was looking into
          the question of when a governor's family could travel at state expense and asked whether
          there was any other opinion on this issue. I advised generally that a family member might
          travel at state expense if the member was to attend an official function (he said for
          example the inauguration), and that I could not recall other opinion or guidance on this
          point.



          He then wanted to know whether there was a statute, regulation or other guidance defining
          what would be an official function or state business. I advised that I was not aware of
          any.  It would likely depend on the circumstance and the involved official's authority.
          He also asked who would decide and I suggested again it would likely be addressed in the
          circumstances on a case by case basis by the governor's office.



         He did not say or suggest whether he is looking at the question with.respect to Governor
         Palin or a former governor.



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



         Judy Bockmon



         Assistant Attorney General



         Opinions, Appeals & Ethics Section




                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0020537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska Department of Law



           907-269-5216



          CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE : This e-mail message and any attachments may contain information
          considered confidential under the Executive Branch Ethics Act. If you are not an
          identified recipient or believe you have received this message in error, please notify the
          sender immediately.




                                                      3




                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0020538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         .Unknown
          From :                  Balash, Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBAI.ASH]
          Sent:                   Wednesday, July 09, 2008 11:22 PM
          To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Cc:                     Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                Hickel


          Governor,




          Later today (10:00 am AK time), governor Nickel is going to hold a press availability and
          come out strong against awarding a license to transcanada. Backbone is split with most
          folks on Gottstein's side (and ours).



          I imagine we will be pressed by media outlets for a response. Is there anything in
          particular you would like to convey? I think the story is going to be overshadowed, but
          we likely can't ignore it. Short and sweet ought to do.




                                                            I




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0020539
