Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 10, 2008 7:51 AM
          To:                      'garyhondel@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

          Sent: Wednesday, July 09, 2008 2:58 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Gary Hondel

          address: 367 W. Beluga Ave. Soldotna AK 99669

           907-953-5736



          MESSAGE:

           (Attn. Sharon Leighow-sorry, I couldn't locate her contact info))



          Hi Sharon!



              I just returned to Kenai from Florida where I had been for the last four years. I was
          pleased to hear that you were appointed Governor Palin's Press Secretary! Congrats! We
          worked together for a short time at KFQD.I'm sure that you may not remember me. I was in
          sales briefly and I would hang out in the newsroom and talk with you, Eric Nelson, and
          Kathy Phillips from time to time. This was back in about 1999 or 2000. Anyways, I just
          wanted to drop you a line. I'm working for K-Bay/KPEN Radio down in Kenai right now. If
          you ever need a resource or anything else down here on the peninsula, just let me know!
          Take care!



    I

    i

          Sincerely,

                                                                I




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0020562
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Gary Hondel



          garyhondel@yahoo.com



          garyhondel@yahoo.com




                                                     2
