Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1



               Unknown

               From:     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU =FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECI PI ENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOWJ
               Sent:     Thursday, July 10, 2008 10:23 AM
               To:       'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
               Subject- Statement on Cowdery
            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Sharon Leighow
             Deputy Press Secretary
             Deputy Communications Director

             (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
             (907) 465- 4031 Juneau
             (907) 240-7943 cell




            8/24/2009



                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_ 0020590
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



    I

          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 10, 2008 7:39 PM
          To:                      Katz; John W (GOV)
          Cc:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K
                                   (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Kelly;
                                   Russell T (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
          Subject:                 Re: Speaker Pelosi/Energy Legislation


          Thanks so much for this excellent recap John . Pls let me know when you hear more.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>




          Date: Thu, 10 Jul 2008 14:13:07

          To: Sarah Palin, Governor<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Cc: Joe Balash (Gov)<joe.balash@alaska.gov>; Kevin Banks (DNR)<kevin.banks@alaska.gov>;
          Kris Perry (Gov)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Marty K Rutherford
          (DNR)<marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>; Mike Nizich<Mike.Nizich@alaska.gov>; Pat
          Galvin<patrickgalvin@dnr.state.ak.us>; Rosanne (GOV sponsored)
          Hughes<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>; Russ Kelly<rkelly@ALASKADC.org>; Sharon W (GOV)
          Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Tom Irwin<tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Speaker Pelosi/Energy Legislation




          It is my understanding that Speaker Pelosi was trying to reach you. Accordingly, I wanted
          you to see the article below concerning her energy proposals. We haven't seen the bill as
          yet but are trying to get a copy now. Here are a few editorial comments:

          The bill would purportedly expedite oil and gas leasing in NPR-A. For the most part,
          however, the BLM's leasing program there has gone well.

          The bill does not deal with ANWR and probably not with OCS leasing in the Beaufort and
          Chukchi Seas - these being the most prospective areas for oil and gas.

          The bill will apparently include a "Use it or lose it" feature mandating activity on
          existing leases before new leases are issued to a particular company. This is a numbers
          game which has nothing to do with the realities of oil and gas development.

          The bill would reimpose a previous prohibition against Alaska oil exports. However, very
          little oil has been exported in the last several years. In my opinion, this is an attack
          on Alaska sovereignty since no similar ban exists for other states.

          The bill would supposedly expedite construction of the natural gas pipeline. We will need
          to see these provisions, but I can't imagine what they might be, as the 2005 legislation
          was pretty comprehensive. I would be surprised if the "bridge shipper" concept or major
          changes to the loan guarantee have been included.

          The article makes reference to facilitating an oil pipeline. I have no idea what this
          could be, but we'll check.
                                                                 I




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0020591
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The Speaker ' s proposal is expected to come up on the suspension calendar , which requires a
         two-thirds vote but means that the bill can't be amended on the House floor. The House
         Republicans have a domestic production alternative which includes ANWR .     ( The Senate
         Republicans ' version doesn ' t include ANWR.)



         Previously , neither party has had the votes to move their energy proposals through the
         process but they have been able to block legislation from the other party . Whether this
         pattern will continue remains to be seen.



         This is a very rough initial reaction. I'll be back to you with more informed analysis
         once we've seen the legislation.




         OIL AND GAS : House Democrats unveil 'production ' bill   (07/10/2008)

         Alex Kaplun , Greenwire reporter

         House Democratic leaders said today they plan to bring to the floor next week a
         "production " energy bill aimed at forcing oil companies to drill on leased lands in the
         continental United States as well as in Alaska.

         House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California and other top Democrats unveiled a legislative
         package that would require oil companies to drill on already-leased land before acquiring
         new leases and require the Bureau of Land Management to offer leases on roughly 20 million
         acres in the National Petroleum Reserve -Alaska every year.

         The measure would also ban oil companies from exporting oil drilled in Alaska and attempt
         to speed construction of the Alaska natural gas pipeline and oil pipeline.

         The proposal highlights an ongoing philosophical shift among Democrats , who appear to be
         increasingly willing to back legislation to increase fossil fuel production.

         During the press conference , Democrats repeatedly emphasized that they support domestic
         production , contrary to the claims from the Republican side of the aisle . " Democrats
         support increasing the domestic production of petroleum and other energy sources," said
         House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland.

         Pelosi said she anticipates bringing the bill to the floor under suspension , possibly as
         soon as next week . That move would require approval of two-thirds of the House but would
         also preclude consideration of Republican amendments to allow more drilling offshore or in
         the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.

         "We work very hard to build consensus ," Pelosi said in response to. questions about how.
         Democrats were planning to move the bill . "When we get it, we try to move forward."

        Republicans , meanwhile , are continuing to press Pelosi to-allow a vote on expanding
        offshore drilling . Democrats have shelved work on spending bills because GOP members are
        pushing for committee votes on drilling amendments.

        "That should be debated vigorously in Congress , but it should be debated on the House
        floor, not just something we talk about on talk shows ," Rep. Jack Kingston ( R-Ga.) said at
        an Appropriations Committee oversight hearing on commodity markets today.

        "Why should we blame our prices on someone else when we are unwilling to drill and
        unwilling to build refineries ?" Kingston asked.

         'A hoax'
                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0020592
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          But Pelosi and other top Democrats brushed aside such suggestions, saying their
          legislation would offer Republicans an opportunity to support increased domestic
          production.

          "This call for drilling in areas that are protected is a hoax," Pelosi said.         "If they want
          to drill ... we support the drilling."

          Pelosi and other Democrats maintain there is little likelihood that increased domestic
          production will have a substantial impact on prices in the short run. Instead, Pelosi said
          she would continue to press the White House to release oil from the Strategic Petroleum
          Reserve (SPR), saying such a move is the single most significant thing that could be done
          in the near term.

          "It's the fastest thing we can do -- taking oil out of the SPR in a strategic, responsible
          way is the fastest thing we can do to lower prices at the pump," she said.

          Pelosi also said she expects to bring to the floor soon separate legislation dealing with
          energy market speculation.

          Senior reporter Ben Geman contributed to this report.




          John W. Katz

          Director of State/Federal Relations

          and Special Counsel to the Governor

          jwkatz@alaskadc.org

           (202) 624-5858




                                                      3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020593
