Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

              From:      Ivy Frye [ivyfrye@yahoo.com]
              Sent:      Thursday, July 10, 2008 9:19 AM
              To:        Sarah Palin; Frank Bailey; Kris Perry; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
              Subject: "State paid tab for Piper Palin flight'
              I think Kyle missed the boat completely with his story, but ALL of the comments posted below
              his story are vindication that this wasn't newsworthy and that he's grasping for straws. (I pasted
              the story and comments in the body of this email).



              In addition to the many things the governor has already pointed out, I think we should still let
              kyle know that Gov Palin has spend only $115 k on travel in 20 months-nearly 2 years! ! vs.
              Murkowski's half million in his last 12 months in office! Our governor's travel costs are lower
              than any other governor in state history and that's straight from an Empire article. The article
              also compared NGA costs between our governor and murkowski: Gov Palin spent $1,855 on
              lodging last year vs. Murkowski's $6,599 which included a $937 executive suite! Sharon, here's
              the link to the empire story from April:
              http://www.juneaugmpire.com/stories/040808/sta 267202920 shtml




              State paid tab for Piper Palin flight
              $402: Covering airfare for governor's family is tradition.

             By KYLE HOPKINS
             khopkins@adn.com

             Published: July 10th, 2008 12:18 AM
             Last Modified: July 10th, 2008 03:43 AM

             When Gov. Sarah Palin's 7-year-old daughter flew to Barrow with her mother recently, the state
             paid the $402 bill.

             Story tools

             Comments

             E-mail a friend

             Print

             Digg this

             Seed Newsvine

             Send link via AIM


             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020585
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 2 of 3




                Yahoo! Buzz

             Font size: AIAIA

             Spokeswoman Sharon Leighow said the first family was invited to Barrow by the North Slope
             Borough mayor, and that Palin made the trip with her daughter Piper and 12-week-old son Trig.

             "The state pays for family members to travel to official functions when they are included as part
             of the invitation," Leighow said.

             There isn't a specific law or regulation that says the state will pay for family members' travel to
             events with the governor, but it's become tradition, said Linda Perez, director of administrative
             services in the governor's office.

             "It's pretty much just been the historical practice."

             The North Slope Borough sent its King Air to Wasilla pick the governor up the morning of June
             30, according to the borough. She flew home that night on Alaska Airlines. Trigs a baby, so he
             rode for free, while Piper's one-way Alaska Airlines ticket cost $402, according to the state.

             ADVERTISEMENT

                 Click here to find out more!

             It's unclear how many times the state has paid for family members to travel with Palin. Asked for
             a tally of flights since the governor's inauguration, Perez said Wednesday that it would take time
             to put the list together.

             Leighow said Palin doesn't bring family with her often, but that the state pays when the family's
             on "official business."

             Asked what official business Palin's daughter would have in Barrow, Leighow said she took part
             in a whaling celebration. On a form requesting the state to pay for the trip, the purpose is listed
             as "The Governor and First Family will attend the Barrow Whaling Events/Blanket Toss."

             The question of who pays for family to travel with an Alaska governor has come up before.

             In 2007, Perez told the Daily News that when governors traveled with their spouses, they would
             normally reimburse the state unless the spouses had official duties to attend to such as first-lady
             events.

            Gov. Frank Murkowski's wife, Nancy, accompanied her husband on scores of trips. The state
            was reimbursed for only a handful.

             "The governor used Mrs. Murkowski as one of his primary and chief advisors ... he treated that
             as official business," Perez said.

            North Slope Borough spokesman David Harding couldn't estimate Wednesday how much it cost



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0020586
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 3 of 3


             to send the Borough's King Air -- which is used for search-and-rescue missions, wildlife
             management and other purposes - to pick up the governor.

             Perez said the cost of that flight will be considered a gift from the borough to the state.

             Asked if it's a good use of state money to pay for travel costs for Palin's family members,
             Leighow said: "There's a certain expectation of the first family. Which includes participating in
             community activities and making public appearances."



             4Thursday, July 10, 2008 - 8:59am I moosemom

             Good Reporting... NOT!

             Stop trying to stir up a controversy with every little tidbit. This isn't news reporting, it's
             mongering.

             3Thursday, July 10, 2008 - 8:48am alaskafundraising

             but if our governor had a jet ....

             we wouldnt even be having this conversation .... it would cost the same no matter how many
             family members make the trip. Palin is the CEO of the largest state in the union. CEO's are
             granted certain perks for themselves/family members, there is no story here.

             2Thursday, July 10, 2008 - 8:26am I SOelkers29

             Rabble Rousing Article

             This article feels like grasping for straws to me. And if you've ever been to Barrow and
             participated in the celebrations surrounding the whaling season you'd know that kids are indeed a
             huge part of the events. I'm sure they were honored that Piper could come and participate. Kyle -
             spend your time more wisely and ferret out some real news.

             lThursday, July 10, 2008 - 8:17am I Carnal

             so what is the problem?

             I don't have any problem with the Palin family traveling with our lady Governor. Do we need to
             make a big deal out of this? OK...lets vote..who cares? I don't care. As long as they're not going
             to Hawaii on vacation (without me) I don't care.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0020587
