Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of I



              Unknown

               From:     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
               Sent:     Friday, July 11, 200811:26 AM
               To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject: FW: status on Larry Persily

             Dear Governor Palin,
                 The email below may be of interest to you or you may know something of it already.
                 The email is in regard to an ongoing effort by the Alaska Rural Justice and Law Commission (of which I am
             automatically a member - it is the federally funded commission on rural justice in Alaska ) to recruit a new
             executive director. Bruce Botehlo is also on the commission and has been approaching various people to apply
             for the position. Bruce had approached Larry Persily . What may be of interest to you here is reason given by
             Larry as to why he has declined to apply for the commission position as executive director . He wants to "take an
             active outspoken role in state oil and gas, energy, finance and/or policy issues ." This is consistent with the one
             personal meeting I had with Larry in DC in March when he expressed to me his frustration with his job because he
             had to set aside his opinions to do his work. Perhaps you already know what his plans are . This implies he has
             plans to be a visible commentator soon. Talis


             From: BotelhoB [mailto: BotelhoB@ci.juneau.ak.us]
             Sent: Friday, July 11, 2008 11:17 AM
             To: Torgerson , James E.; gschubert@inuitservices.com; Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW); Cohen, Nelson (USAAK)
             Subject: status on Larry Persily

             Folks, Larry wrote to follow up on the meeting I had with him about the ED position two weeks ago and to let me
             know that he will not be applying for the position. He said in part I've decided not to apply for the Justice
             Commission job. I appreciate that you asked, but I believe what I really want to do next is take an active,
             outspoken role in state oil and gas, energy, finance and/or policy issues.

             Bruce




             8/26/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0020601
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Senator Stevens comments tomorrow                                                                       Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

              From:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:       Friday, July 11, 2008 6:01 AM
             To:         Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR)
              Cc:        Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); t-eighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Senator Stevens comments tomorrow
             Meg/Sharon: Excellent, I agree he doesn't need to be seen as too cozy for a perceived political
             reason. Thanks so much for the excellent work here with his staffers, this should go a long way.
             (That, and your amazing ability to mandate another indictment at just the right time...:) )

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>
             Date: Thu, 10 Jul 2008 21:52:42 -0800
             To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
             <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
             Subject: FW: Senator Stevens comments tomorrow

             Governor,

             Following a couple of conversations with Aaron Saunders in Senator Stevens' office, I received a final
             phone call tonight regarding the Senator's expected comments tomorrow before the legislature.
             Essentially, the Senator is saying everything that I asked for on your behalf, except for an all-out
             endorsement of AGIA. At this point, Aaron says that the Senator doesn't want to jump into the fray." He
             also doesn't want to have it appear as though he 's doing the speech just forAGIA and for political
             purposes (to continue the "love fest and just "buddy up" to buddy up).

             While the Senator is editing his speech right now, Aaron expects the following to be conveyed during
             the course of the speech:

             - Senator will thank the Governor for advancing the ball re: the natural gas pipeline and for her bold
             leadership on the issue (Senator will not delve specifically into AGIA).
             - Senator will acknowledge and thank the Governor for progressing the gasline further than it has ever
             gone before.
             - Senator will ask the legislature to quickly pass the Governor's short-term energy plan, including both the
             energy rebates and the state gas tax suspension. He hopes that quiets the conservative outcry. He likes
             both ideas very much.
             - Senator will say that he is supportive of the Governor's leadership on both issues (AGIA and short-term
             plan).

             As you will see in the note below , the email follows our phone conversation and includes many of these
             elements.

             Thanks,
             Meghan




             From: Saunders, Aaron (Stevens) fmailto :Aaron_Saunders@stevens .senate.gov)
             Sent: Thu 7/10/2008 9:18 PM


             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 002060:2
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Senator Stevens comments tomorrow                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


             To: Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)
             Subject: Senator Stevens comments tomorrow

             Hi Meg - in the most recent draft this is what Senator Stevens plans to say about the Gov . He didn't want to get jump into the
             fray on AGIA but wanted to give your boss credit:

             "I also congratulate the Governor for her leadership to move this project further than we have seen in our state's history."

             Now, the speech continues to change by the minute but I expect the Senator to support the Gov wholeheartedly . I know he
             will back her energy relief proposal and ask the Legislature to swiftly pass it.

             That said, specific language continues to change but you can count on my boss to back yours.

             Hope this helps. I'm on my way to Chicago ! Take care,

             Aaron

             Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Device




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0020603
