Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


             Unknown

             From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Friday, July 11, 2008 9:02 AM
             To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Subject : FW: Meeting with HHS Secretary Mike Leavitt 7/22 4:30 pm




             From : Whitfield, James (HHS/OS) [mailto:James.Whitfield@HHS.GOV]
             Sent: Thursday, July 10, 2008 3:01 PM
             To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
             Cc: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject Meeting with HHS Secretary Mike Leavitt 7/22 4:30 pm

             Janice,

             Per our discussion yesterday , Secretary Leavitt will be doing some meetings and site visits in Alaska July
             22, 23, and 24. We are hoping to schedule a meeting between the Secretary and the Governor while he
             is there. He can be in Juneau for meetings, if that works best for the Governor. Given previously
             expressed concerns about early morning availability , the Secretary's current schedule has him available
             in Juneau at 4:30 for an hour. The format of the meeting would be an informal discussion regarding
             health care reform issues and any other issues that the Governor may be interested in. The Secretary
             would also like to publicly convey an award to the Governor for Alaska being one of the winners of the
             President's Fitness Challenge (http://www.hhs.gov/news/o esst2008pres/06120080610d .htmll. This could
             be done in the Governor's office building at 5:00 with interested, participants, staff and invited media, if
             the governor desires.

             There is still a small amount of flexibility in the Secretary's schedule on the 22nd , 23rd and 24th both in
             Juneau and Anchorage, so please feel free to make suggestions about times that might better work for
             the Governor. I can be reached most readily at 2061788-6465.

             Thank you.

             James Whitfield
             U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
             James.Whitfield(aIHHS.gov




             9/19/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0020604
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page I of 2


             Unknown

             From :   PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall @yahoo.comj
             Sent:    Friday, July 11, 2008 10:08 AM
             To:      wjhickel@gci.net
             Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Irwin; Tom E ( DNR); Galvin; Patrick S
                      (DOR); Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR)
             Subject: AGIA and the need for a scoping or preliminary Energy Forum For Anchorage alone
             Date: 7-11-08 Fri



             To: Mr. Hickel;     And all parties public and private




            Thank you and Mr. Roberts for your many community contributions and involvements.



              It is my "presumption in good faith" that Our Govenors team and public servants as guardians of our
            resource development and values are in the process of instituting a long overdue policy formation
            for several reasons ....; And, upon conclusion of this policy construct or design , our leaders will adjust
            AGIA for its many possible and potential avenues of"in Alaskas' best interests" designs. ( a lot of them to
            look at )



               I understand the the key phrase is "presumption in good faith ", and in this case i feel compelled to
            convey my faith and trust in these guardians of our assets to do the right thing....in the end.

            This is a "big pipe of information" issue undertaking when you get next to it so i won't belabor my position
            with further dialog...



             HOWEVER:



            Please, Mr. Hickel and Mr. Roberts

            I would beseach you to call for a public (5 day long .10hour days-panels up and panels down ) on live
            camera, an Anchorage Energy Forum discussion.

                 This needs to happen right away . I believe Mr. Haagensons AEA/AIDEA is planning some kind of
            unfolding event around December.. This if way too far out ....or at least we need to begin to see what we
            have here.

               We need to shake the bushes now... Energy is the center of the Universe in its relevance and needs...

               We as a society have truly missed the boat in reference to our home energy needs and techonologies
            along with who owns them and their development ; And we need to tackle this matter now... not
            in December....(at the very least,,, for Anchorage area alone)



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0020605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


             We need to begin to see who is where on all energy matters. Now!




             And of course, my main concern is with Residential, or as the census bureau calls them

             Housing Units... of which the census bureau estimated 260,460 in 2000.




             Thank You all for your many contributions to a better society....




             Paul D. Kendall




              land line msg 222-7882

              now cell    884-2424

             E-mail      oau!dkenda ti yw o.com
                                        ho



              PS

                Mr. Haymes of Exxon Mobile , on camera, called this undertaking "the largest project on the planet"

             Given , that is the case , i would suggest to you and all of us that we should feel compelled to rise in
             kind to the occassion in areas around this project ....and that is where my interests are at!

             Alaska can be a new next great Energy Based Society; And this new society will bring things "a site to
             behold", "the stuff dreams are made of', "true indivudal free will freedoms",

             and an abundance of potential free enterprise opportunities...




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_00206C!6
