Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 1 of I


             Unknown

             From :   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:    Thursday, July 10, 2008 11:08 AM
             To:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
             Subject: Re: Statement - Cowdery
             Sounds good thanks for working w Kris on this! Good to go.

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


            From : "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
            Date: Thu, 10 Jul2008 10:59:29 -0800
            To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
            Subject: Statement - Cowdery

                         Governor Palin Releases Statement on Cowdery Indictment

            July 10, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska -Governor Sarah Plain today released the following
            statement regarding the indictment against state Senator John Cowdery:

            "It was disturbing to learn that another public official has been charged with violating the
            public trust. I urge Senator Cowdery to step down for the good of the state.

            "Today's news is a good reminder that we must continue to be vigilant in defending Alaska's
            sovereignty against those who would undermine it in an attempt to sell out Alaskans. As we
            move forward, let me remind everyone that this administration is committed to putting
            Alaskans and their interests first, as we develop our resources in a responsible and ethical
            manner.

            "We are on the right path. I am confident that path will be made more clear and obstacle-
            free as justice prevails in the ongoing FBI Investigation. Like many Alaskans, I look forward
            to closure on this disturbing chapter in our state's history."




            Sharon Leighow
            Deputy Press Secretary
            Deputy Communications Director

            (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
            (907) 465-4031 Juneau
            (907) 240-7943 cell




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020575
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page I of 1


             Unknown

              From :   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:    Thursday, July 10, 2008 11:11 AM
              To:      Katz; John W (GOV)
              Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV);
                       Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W
                       (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
              Subject: Re: Congressman Boehner/Speaker Pelosi
             I'd like to travel w whomever ends up visiting anwr. Hopefully that can work out w one or the
             other of the groups and individuals going up north. Don't know if schedules mesh though.

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "John Katz" <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>
             Date: Thu, 10 Jul 2008 15:02:55 -0400
             To: Sarah Patin<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
             CC: Janice Mason<janice.mason@alaska.gov>; Joseph Balash<joe.balash@ alaska.gov>; Kevin
             Banks<kevin.banks@alaska.gov>; Kris Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Marty
             Rutherford<marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>; Mike Nizich<Mike.Nizich@alaskagov>; Rosanne
             (GOV sponsored) Hughes<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>; Sharon W (GOV)
             Leighow<sharonleighow@alaska.gov>; Tom Irwin<tom.irwin@alaska.gov>; Russ
             Kelly<rkelly@ALASKADC.org>; Pat Galvin<patrick galvin@dnr.state. ak.us>
             Subject: Congressman Boehner/Speaker Pelosi

             Russ Kelly and I have made several calls to Capitol Hill, including = to the offices of Speaker
             Pelosi and Minority Leader Boehner. The = Democrat's energy legislation is not yet available.
             It may be = tomorrow or early next week. The bill itself will probably not be = introduced until
             Wednesday.

             So, my earlier critique will have to suffice for the moment. = Mr. Boehner's staff analyzes the
             announced components pretty much as I = have - a public relations exercise but not much
             substance.

             Mr. Boehner is leading a small entourage of House Republicans to ANWR = in the same
             timeframe as the so-called Republican Challengers trip. = Arctic Power is concerned about
             possible overlap, not something any of us = can control.

             Mr. Boehner has not discussed the trip publicly, but I'm trying to = get more information from
             his staff. I think it would be good if we = can get you and him together, assuming your schedule
             permits. =




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0020576
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 1 of I


            Unknown

             From :   Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike.nizich @alaska.govj
             Sent:    Thursday, July 10, 2008 10:42 AM
             To:      gov. palin@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
             Subject: Deputy Commissioner at F&G
            Denby must be talking to folks about this up coming vacancy.
            I had a visit from the Alaska Outdoor Council reps this morning they are 100 % in favor of bring someone
            new from the outside into the Deputy Commissioner position at F &G and applaud you for thinking this
   i
            way. They are slightly concerned about Cory if he is the choice but also indicated that they could work
            with him because he has the same goal in mind as they do as an organization . They would hope that
            Cory, if chosen for the job, would establish a rapport with them as soon as he came on board to get a
            dialog going . They were excited about the prospect of turn the ship around at the department and (their
            words) " It would be great to finally have someone at F&G that can manage the resource and not the
            people'. They also indicated that having some turn over within the department is not a bad thing and look
            forward to that happening . They stated that maybe we can finally bring in some new young talented
            biologist's from our state and other western states to help turn things around.
            They liked my idea about changing the name of Division of Wildlife Management back to the Division of
            Game.

            Hope you are having a good day.

            Mike




            9/18/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0020577
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             July: Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis                                                                                     Page 1 of 3


             Unknown

              From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Thursday, July 10, 2008 12:17 PM
              To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: July: Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis



             From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
             Sent: Thursday, July 10, 2008 12:00 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: July: Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis


                                                                       View this online.
                                            http:/www.uschamber. infolnotice-description .tcl?newsletter irt-27735410


                    July 2008



                                                                 Nr            R      0UR         E -J ,
                                                                                                               Featured Benefit
                                                                                                               Build Your Business Wi
               Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis                                                                             From Monster
                                                                                                               Hiring employees can be i
                                                                                                               prospect. There are a lot e
               Outlines 13 Principles for Change                                                               things to consider, and be
                                                                                                               responsible for others' live
               Against a backdrop of soaring energy                                                            can be daunting. But in to
               prices and a vigorous debate on climate                                                         competitive marketplace,
               change policy, the U .S. Chamber Is                                                             biggest advantage may be
               working to focus the nation 's attention on                                                     building a bigger, better b
               expanding domestic energy supplies while                                                        Learn how to hire smart a
               constructively addressing . the issue of                                                        Monster's help.
               carbon emissions.
                                                                                                               Check out the articles and
               The Chamber and its Institute - for 21st                                                        available online to Chamb
               Century Energy have taken a major step                                                          members.
               forward by unveiling 13 key principles
               necessary for creating a new, affordable,
               and reliable energy future for the                                                              Benefits Guide
               country . A bipartisan group of former
               administration officials and policymakers
               are expected to endorse the key
               principles at a July 16 event.                                                                    W -'
                                                                                                                   M

               Read more.


                    Featured Articles


               In Your Corner: Advancing the Climate Change Debate
               Last month the Senate, in one of the most Important votes of the year,
               rejected the Lieberman-Warner Climate Security Act of 2008, commonly
               known as Lieberman-Warner. Consumers, workers, and businesses can all
               breathe a collective sigh of relief.
               Read more.                                                                                  SQuick Poll
                                                                                                                        Results Are In!
               Fixing America 's Crumbling Infrastructure


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0020578
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 3


               America's infrastructure--the transportation, energy, and telecommunications           In May, we asked for your
               networks that constitute the physical platform of our economy --is showing its         opinions in our Quick Poll. Here is
               age. Without proper investment in these networks, the nation 's economy,               a brief summary of readers'
               job-producing ability, and competitiveness are seriously threatened.                   responses:
               Read more.                                                                              By a large margin, high
                                                                                                      gasoline prices top the list of
               ECON 101: Recession Watch                                                              immediate concerns.
               While more and more economists are coming to the conclusion that our
               current economic slowdown may not officially qualify as one, some billionaire           Some 71% of respondents said
               investors are still convinced that we are already in one. And a former Fed                at the credit crunch has not
               chairman recently bridged the gap by saying that the chances are better than           impacted their ability to obtain
               50% that we will still fall into one, if we aren't already there.                      financing.
               Read more.
                                                                                                        Half of the respondents have
               Small Business Matters . Tapping Public Training Funds                                  olunteered and/or donated to a
               Competing, and ultimately winning, in a worldwide economy is a goal of                 campaign and contacted their
               every successful businessperson, and a well-educated and well-trained                  representatives about an issue.
               workforce is necessary to achieve that goal. Government resources for
               training and development are available at the federal, state, and local levels.         The majority of respondents do
               Here are some resources to help you.                                                   not export their products
               Read more.                                                                             overseas.

                                                                                                      Read more.
               I Also In This Issue

                   Capital Roundup: Climate . Change Bill Blocked                               W.
                                                                                                      Tech Tools
                   In Your Backyard : Family Business Tax Break Saved                                            Upgrades:
                   Join the Conversation : Readers Engage in Tax Debate                                  Move Forward Smartly
                                                                                                      I'm not surprised that many
                   Outrage of the Month : Stressed Over Peanuts                                      people still haven't migrated to
                                                                                                      Windows' newest operating
                   Point of View: Arizona Immigration Law Costly to Businesses                       system, Vista, with its hefty
                                                                                                      resource requirements and
                                                                                                      incompatibility with some
                   Quips: Heard In and About the U.S. Chamber
                                                                                                      software.

                   Success Insight--a Chamber Member's Story : Business Grows Greener                What is surprising is that so
                     on Farm                                                                          many who did make the move
                                                                                                      are reverting back to Windows
                                                                                                      XP. Companies that are now
                   U.S. Chamber Makes Additional 2008 Endorsements                                   rolling back have wasted
                                                                                                      money, time, and resources and
                   Chamber Wins on FACTA, IP                                                         will have to repeat the process
                                                                                                      when XP reaches the end of its
                                                                                                      useful life.
                   Trade Creates Jobs
                                                                                                      The rejection of Vista by many
                   ILR Celebrates 10 Years                                                           of its users underscores the
                                                                                                      importance of researching,
                   Chamber Elects Don Shepard Chair                                                  planning, and testing new
                                                                                                      technology. Here are some tips
                                                                                                      for each of these elements:
                   Donohue Is Honored
                                                                                                      Read more.
                   Workers' Comp Book Is Available

                   Court Delays Immigration Law


                                         uschamber. com Monthly I Editor in Chief: Gregory S. Galdablnl
                            Your member number is: 5301555 .       You are subscribed as: governor@gov.state.ak.us.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020579
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             July: Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis                                                                                                 Page 3 of 3


                                                           Log in I Receive as plain text          Unsubscribe

               You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce , which has
               partnered with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members-only
               access to our online Small Business Center, as well as other periodic communications.

               The U. S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter.
               Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.


                    You received this message because you are a member of the Federation Membership Program , which has partnered with the U.S.
                    Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits, including members-only access to our online Small Business Center,
                    as well as other periodic communications . If you do not wish to receive U .S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to
                    this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject line , or click here. To simply change your e- mail preferences or Small Business Center
                    password, please update your profile on your Subcription Management Page . You must follow these Instructions in order to ensure
                    that you are properly removed . For more information about U.S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service line
                    at 1- 800-638.6582.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020580
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                   Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=R ECI PIENTSICN=KYPERRYI
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 10, 2008 2:54 AM
          To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo .com'; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Cc:                      Nizich ; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovemor 'sfamily


          Hopefully we can provide information in being proactive to show what other Governor's
          travel has been and w/family. Remember that story not long ago that compared and showed
          the large difference between Palin and Murkowski? This is so ridiculus. We're talking
          about a Governor who had the state buy tickets on hotwire saving hundreds of dollars
          rather than just going w/the norm (much more expensive) or the fact that she often drives
          to the Peninsula or Fairbanks or the fact that her family rarely travels w/her when most
          of the invitations are for first family. Not to mention the majority of the time she flies
          commercial (and not first class!!)



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Thu Jul 10 02:35:41 2008

          Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovernor'sfamily



          Remind him of the family travels w me that I have personally pd for, including with
          mileage. Hopefully our records very clearly show that. Also, my return of every per diem
          offer for everything related to the kids...and we need to be proactive in this issue with
          reminding him of all the steps taken to save state monies like no Anchorage apartment ... no
          chef... security down from 7 to 2, whatever- I'm sorry you have to deal w this w the FOIA
          even , I know I'm tired of it already. It is important to know though that probably a week
          doesn't go by without me asking if all the rules are being followed, if the Palin family
          is doing everything right with our travel, etc as First Family.

          Another significant thing here, to me anyway , was the exclusion of my 17-yr old son (now
          19) from all but two First Family events (he traveled to Juneau twice is all in these two
          yrs and I think I ended up paying for one of the trips myself ), I was told it was because
          he wasn't going to school in Juneau, which never made much sense to me but I didn't argue
          the fact he is a member of the family too.

          Pls show the travels of the previous Govs so he can compare- incl the fact previous Govs
          took family vacations WITH our security guys so they could take advantage of their rental
          cars, etc (this is according to Bob and Gary), compare that to me never having done this.

          We have to be proactive on this so pls let me know if you need any further info.



          Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0020581
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: " Leighow, Sharon W ( GOV)" <sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>

          Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:59:38 -0800

          To: ExternalEmailgsp <gov.sarah @ yahoo.com>

          Subject: RE: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor ' sfamily




          Governor-


    i


          Linda Perez and I both spoke with Kyle today. He has filed a public records request for
          all of your travel and your family's travel .   He is really digging into the travel regs.
          He wants to know where it is spelled out where /when a family member can travel . I told him
          AGAIN that there is a certain expectation that the First Family make public appearances
          and participate in community activities as part of protocol .   I am blue in the face with
          this guy!  I told him that the Governor receives on average 200 requests each month and
          more than half extend the invitation to the First Family. I also reminded him that you
          prefer to travel by car and the kids aren ' t always with you. Somehow I don ' t think that
          will make it in the paper.




         From: gov.sarah @ yahoo . com [mailto : gov.sarah @ yahoo.com]

         Sent : Wednesday , July 09, 2008 3:36 PM

         To: Colberg , Talis J ( LAW); Nizich , Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Leighow , Sharon W (GOV ); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV ); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor ' sfamily




         I have not been informed of any phone calls to my office. Do u know if I am to return any
         calls or do anything on this ? I sure hope nothing is written that we have to react to,
                                                       2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0020582
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




   I
         based on adn having misinformation or not enough info.

         BTW, this trip I'm taking to NGA with family is being paid by NGA because it's some annual
         family-invitation event for the nation ' s governors . I'm right on that, am I, Kris?



         Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




         From :   " Coiberg, Talis J ( LAW)" <talis . colberg@alaska.gov>

         Date : Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:12:21 -0800

         To: <gov . sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject : FW: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor ' s family



         Dear Governor Palin,



               I just spoke with Mr. Nizich after I forwarded this to him. Hesaid I should go
         ahead and let you know directly . He says your office has also received phone inquiries on
         travel in the last 24 hours from the ADN as well. This is just to give you a fuller
         picture of what may be happening in the news world. Talis




         From: Bockmon, Julia B (LAW)

         Sent :   Wednesday ,   July 09, 2008 1:47 PM

         To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

         Cc: Jones, David T (LAW)

         Subject: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor ' s family

         Importance: High



         CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE



         I just returned a phone call from Kyle Hopkins of the Anchorage Daily News who initially
         was looking for a copy of the 2004 opinion addressing travel on the King Air aircraft. He
         had located the opinion online just as I called back. He then said he was looking into
         the question of when a governor ' s family could travel at state expense and asked whether
         there was any other opinion on this issue .   I advised generally that a family member might
         travel at state expense if the member was to attend an official function ( he said for
         example the inauguration ), and that I could not recall other opinion or guidance on this
         point.




                                                              3




                                                                                                          P RA_G S P01 _0020583
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         He then wanted to know whether there was a statute, regulation or other guidance defining
         what would be an official function or state business. I advised that I was not aware of
         any.  It would likely depend on the circumstance and the involved official's authority.
         He also asked who would decide and I suggested again it would likely be addressed in the
         circumstances on a case by case basis by the governor's office.



         He did not say or suggest whether he is looking at the question with respect to Governor
         Palin or a former governor.



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



         Judy Bockmon



         Assistant Attorney General




         Opinions, Appeals & Ethics Section
   I


         Alaska Department of Law




         907-269-5216




         CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message and any attachments may contain information
         considered confidential under the Executive Branch Ethics Act. If you are not an
         identified recipient or believe you have received this message in error, please notify the
         sender immediately.




                                                          4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020584
