Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Colberg , Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 10, 2008 6:59 AM
          To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovemor 'sfamily


          Dear governor palin. I am not sure if you get the adn where you are but there are two
          stories today related to you and travel. One about who pays for your family travel on
          some trips and the other about you and a car accident. In some ways I think the fender
          bender story offsets some of the questions raised in the piper story.    Take care. TALIS.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Sent: Thu Jul 10 02:50:23 2008

          Subject: Fw: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovernor'sfamily



          Fyi



          Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Date: Thu, 10 Jul 2008 10:35:41 +0000

          To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

          CC: K Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel forgovernor'sfamily




         Remind him of the family travels w me that I have personally pd for, including with
         mileage. Hopefully our records very clearly show that. Also, my return of every per diem
         offer for everything related to the kids. . .and we need to be proactive in this issue with
         reminding him of all the steps taken to save state monies like no Anchorage apartment ... no
         chef... security down from 7 to 2, whatever- I'm sorry you have to deal w this w the FOIA
         even, I know I'm tired of it already. It is important to know though that probably a week
         doesn't go by without me asking if all the rules are being followed, if the Palin family
         is doing everything right with our travel, etc as First Family.

         Another significant thing here, to me anyway, was the exclusion of my 17-yr old son (now
         19) from all but two First Family events (he traveled to Juneau twice is all in these two
                                                                 1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0020569
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        yrs and I think I ended up paying for one of the trips myself), I was told it was because
        he wasn't going to school in Juneau, which never made much sense to me but I didn't argue
        the fact he is a member of the family too.

        Pls show the travels of the previous Govs so he can compare- incl the fact previous Govs
        took family vacations WITH our security guys so they could take advantage of their rental
        cars, etc (this is according to Bob and Gary), compare that to me never having done this.

        We have to be proactive on this so pls let me know if you need any further info.



         Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




         From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

         Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:59:38 -0800

        To: ExternalEmailgsp<gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        Subject: RE: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor'sfamily




        Governor-




        .Linda Perez and I both spoke with Kyle today. He has filed a public records request for
        all of your travel and your family's travel. He is really digging into the travel regs.
        He wants to know where it is spelled out where/when a family member can travel. I told him
        AGAIN that there is a certain expectation that the First Family make public appearances
        and participate in community activities as part of protocol. I am blue in the face with
        this guy!  I told him that the Governor receives on average 200 requests each month and
        more than half extend the invitation to the First Family. I also reminded him that you
        prefer to travel by car and the kids aren't always with you. Somehow I don't think that
        will make it in the paper.




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPOI 0020570
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From; gov.sazah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Wednesday, July 09, 2008 3:36 PM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Subject: Re: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor'sfamily




         I have not been informed of any phone calls to my office. Do u know if I am to return any
         calls or do anything on this? I sure hope nothing is written that we have to react to,
         based on adn having misinformation or not enough info.

          BTW, this trip I'm taking to NGA with family is being paid by NGA because it's some annual
          family-invitation event for the nation's governors. I'm right on that, am I, Kris?



          Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One




          From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

          Date: Wed, 09 Jul 2008 15:12:21 -0800

          To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          Subject: FW: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family



          Dear Governor Palin,



               I just spoke with Mr. Nizich after I forwarded this to him. Hesaid I should go
         ahead and let you know directly. He says your office has also received phone inquiries on
         travel in the last 24 hours from the ADN as well. This is just to give you a fuller
         picture of what may be happening in the news world. Talis




          From: Bockmon, Julia B (LAW)

         Sent: Wednesday, July 09,.2008 1:47 PM

         To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

         Cc: Jones, David T (LAW)

         Subject: Phone Call from ADN Reporter Kyle Hopkins re travel for governor's family

                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020571
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Importance: High



        CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE



        I just returned a phone call from Kyle Hopkins of the Anchorage Daily News who initially
        was looking for a copy of the 2004 opinion addressing travel on the King Air aircraft. He
        had located the opinion online just as I called back. He then said he was looking into
        the question of when a governor's family could travel at state expense and asked whether
        there was any other opinion on this issue. I advised generally that a family member might
        travel at state expense if the member was to attend an official function (he said for
        example the inauguration), and that I could not recall other opinion or guidance on this
        point.



        He then wanted to know whether there was a statute, regulation or other guidance defining
        what would be an official function or state business. I advised that I was not aware of
        any.  It would likely depend on the circumstance and the involved official's authority.
        He also asked who would decide and I suggested again it would likely be addressed in the
        circumstances on a case by case basis by the governor's office.



        He did not say or suggest whether he is looking at the question with respect to Governor
        Palin or a former governor.



       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



        Judy Bockmon



        Assistant Attorney General



        Opinions, Appeals & Ethics Section



        Alaska Department of Law



        907-269-5216



        CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message and any attachments may contain information
        considered confidential under the Executive Branch Ethics Act. If you are not an
        identified recipient or believe you have received this message in error, please notify the
        sender immediately.




                                                       4




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020572
