Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of I


            Unknown

             From :   Whitfield, James (HHS/OS) (James.Whitfield@HHS.GOV]
             Sent:    Thursday, July 10, 2008 3:01 PM
             To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
             Cc:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
            Subject: Meeting with HHS Secretary Mike Leavitt 7/22 4:30 pm
            Janice,

            Per our discussion yesterday , Secretary Leavitt will be doing some meetings and site visits in Alaska July
            22, 23, and 24. We are hoping to schedule a meeting between the Secretary and the Governor while he
            is there. He can be in Juneau for meetings , if that works best for the Governor. Given previously
            expressed concerns about early morning availability , the Secretary's current schedule has him available
            in Juneau at 4:30 for an hour. The format of the meeting would be an informal discussion regarding
            health care reform issues and any other issues that the Governor may be interested in. The Secretary
            would also like to publicly convey art award to the Governor for Alaska being one of the winners of the
            President's Fitness Challenge (http:/hvww. hhs.gov/news/press/2008nres106/20080610d .html). This could
            be done in the Governor 's office building at 5:00 with interested , participants, staff and invited media, if
            the governor desires.

            There is still a small amount of flexibility in the Secretary 's schedule on the 22nd, 23rd and 24th both in
            Juneau and Anchorage , so please feel free to make suggestions about times that might better work for
            the Governor. I can be reached most readily at 206/788-6465.

            Thank you.

            James Whitfield
            U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
            James.Whitfield(a,HHS.gov




            9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPOI 0020595
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                Page 1 of 5


             Unknown

              From:     Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Friday, July 11, 2008 9:19 AM
             To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Jul. 10-16, 2008



             From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
             Sent: Thursday, July 10, 2008 11:06 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Weekly News Bulletin: Jul. 10-16,2008

                                      If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                      Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 10-16, 2008


              HEADLINES...
              1. Allied Waste Launches National Partnership With
                 RecycleBank
              2. City of Detroit Will Not Buy Waste -to-Energy Plant, Wait and
                 See
             3. Allied Waste Seeks State Help with Giant Sunshine Canyon
                Landfill
             4. Barnwell Low-Level Nuclear Site to Close to Most Outsiders
             5. Plasco Energy Gets City Approval for 400 TPD Plasma
                Conversion Plant
             6. Stoller Corp . Awarded $18 .5M Contract Extension for Hanford
                Cleanup
             7. Allied Waste to Release Second Quarter on July 30
             8. Covanta Holding to Release Second Quarter on July 29
             9. Waste Connections to Release Second Quarter on July 22
             10. Waste Services to Release Second Quarter on July 22


              The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
              provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
              please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
              Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
              Please feel free to forward this bulletin to our collea ues.



              Market Radius Reports
              Focus on Your Market...
             Market radius reports capture all waste
             operations within a given market. They
             provide analysis of the major players by
             market share, and show historical trends
             of pricing, volume and capacity specific
             to that area. [Learn More...]




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 00205913
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                           Paget of 5




              1.   ALLIED WASTE LAUNCHES NATIONAL PARTNERSHIP WITH
                   RECYCLEBANK
                   Allied Waste Industries and RecycleBank announced a strategic
                   partnership to launch a nationwide recycling Incentive program. The
                   partnership is expected to pair Allied's seven million residential
                   customers with RecycleBank's program that rewards households that
                   recycle with points which can be redeemed for gift certificates and
                   discounts to more than 400 brand name national and local retailers
                   across the country or even donated to charity . Allied and RecycleBank
                   hope to add at least a million new customers to the program by the end
                   of next year. Allied's participation is another important vote of
                   confidence in RecycleBank 's approach . Last year, Coca Cola became a
                   partner and Invested about $2 million in the program . In April of this
                   year, RecycleBank secured a $30 million investment from leading
                   venture firm Kielner, Perkins , Caulfield and Byers, and others ...Read
                   More))


                   CITY OF DETROIT WILL NOT BUY WASTE -TO-ENERGY PLANT,
                   WAIT AND SEE
                   Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick said that the city will not buy the waste-
                   to-energy plant which has processed nearly two thirds of the city's
                   550,000 tons of waste per year since it was built in 1991 . That decision
                   follows last month' s decision not to renew its lease with Covanta Energy
                   which operates the plant. Instead , the city seems to favor increased
                   recycling efforts and landfill disposal. However, there are many
                   obstacles, not the least of which Is the high cost of deploying recycling
                   programs in a city that is only recycling an estimated 8% of its waste
                   stream . Also, a contract provision exists that says the plant owner,
                   Energy Investors Funds of Boston, which bought a majority Interest In It
                   this year, can require waste be brought to the plant If it can match or
                   beat bids from local landfill operators . The rising cost of landfill disposal
                   together with high fuel costs to transport waste there tips the balance in
                   favor of the waste-to-energy plant... Read Mores


              3.   ALLIED WASTE SEEKS STATE HELP WITH GIANT SUNSHINE
                   CANYON LANDFILL
                   Amid disagreement between the city and county of Los Angeles over how
                   to oversee the giant Sunshine Canyon landfill that straddles both
                   jurisdictions, the landfill's owner, Allied Waste has been forced to appeal
                   its case all the way to the California Integrated Waste Management
                   Board . The landfill which consists of two sites, one in the city of Los
                   Angeles, the other in unincorporated county territory , would like to
                   consolidate the two so that it can accept 12,100 tons of waste per day
                   but has been required to operate them separately until the city and
                   county form a joint agency to oversee it. Local officials are keen to keep
                   control over the landfill which has been controversial for its proximity to
                   residents, and reservoirs. With space running out on the city side and
                   foot dragging by local officials, Allied was forced to take its case to the
                   state which last week agreed to oversee the landfill until a joint agency
                   Is established ...Read More a

             4.    BARNWELL LOW-LEVEL NUCLEAR SITE TO CLOSE TO MOST
                   OUTSIDERS
                   Utah- based EnergySolutions is preparing to close its low-level nuclear
                   waste disposal site in Bamwell County, SC to all but South Carolina, New
                   Jersey and Connecticut. That site has accepted waste from around the
                   country for nearly 40 years, but political pressure led to an agreement in
                   2000 to limit those shipments, despite local support including Barnwell
                   County. County officials are concerned about the loss of jobs and host
                   fee revenue ... Read More a




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0020597
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



            Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                            Page 3 of 5



             5.   PLASCO ENERGY GETS CITY APPROVAL FOR 400 TPD PLASMA
                  CONVERSION PLANT
                  The City of Ottawa, Ont. approved plans to allow Plasco Energy Group to
                  build, own and operate a 400 tonne -per-day waste conversion plant that
                  will process municipal solid waste that would otherwise be destined for a
                  landfill. The process employs plasma torches that heat and gasify the
                  waste to produce both a synthetic gas and an inert slag material. The
                  clean burning synthetic gas will be combusted to produce about 21 MW
                  of electricity. In return for building and funding the plant , Plasco will be
                  paid $60 per tonne of waste processed, escalated to reflect CPI over a
                  20-year contract ...Read More o


                             ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

             Directory & Atlas of Non - Hazardous
             Waste Sites 2008
             The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
             Waste Sites is the only directory of its kind and
             is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
             facility database of nearly 8,000 waste
             processing and disposal facilities across the US.
             The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
             Waste Sites is a powerful research and analysis
             tool that provides you with 'up-to-date, detailed
             operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy
             plants, materials recovery facilities, construction
             & demolition landfills, transfer stations,
             composting operations and more throughout the
             entire US. [ Learn More...]


             6.   STOLLER CORP. AWARDED $ 18.5M CONTRACT EXTENSION
                  FOR HANFORD CLEANUP
                  Colorado-based Stoller Corporation, an environmental, waste
                  management firm announced that it had won a two-year, $18.5 million
                  contract extension for management of the disposal facility at the
                  abandoned Hanford nuclear site in Washington. The Hanford
                  Environmental Restoration Disposal Facility (ERDF) has been receiving
                  waste from the cleanup project since 1996, and handles about one
                  million tons of low-level radioactive material each year. Stoller received
                  its first $18 million contract to manage the disposal facility In March
                  2006 ...Read More s


             7.   ALLIED WASTE TO RELEASE SECOND QUARTER ON JULY 30
                  Allied Waste Industries said that it will report second quarter financial
                  results at the dose of the market on Wednesday, July 30 and host a
                  conference call at 5 p.m. (Eastern) that afternoon ... Read More a


             8. COVANTA HOLDING TO RELEASE SECOND QUARTER ON JULY
                29
                  Covanta Holding Corp. plans to release its second quarter financial
                  results at the close of the market on July 29 and host a conference call
                  the following day at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern)... Read More 


             9. WASTE CONNECTIONS TO RELEASE SECOND QUARTER ON
                JULY 22
                  Waste Connections said that it will report second quarter financial results
                  at the close of the market on July 22. The company will host a



            9/18/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0020598
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 'of 5


                 conference call the following day at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) to discuss those
                 results... Read More s


             10. WASTE SERVICES TO RELEASE SECOND QUARTER ON JULY 22
                 Waste Services, Inc. said it plans to release second quarter results at the
                 close of markets on Tuesday, July 22 and hold a conference call the
                 following day at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) to discuss them...Read More r


             Waste Market Overview &                  or 1111
             Outlook
             The Waste Market Overview
             examines the industry top to
             bottom covering waste
             generation, collection,
             processing, recovery and
             disposal by revenue and
             volume . The report details the
             relationship of past and future
             pricing to capacity and demand
             for disposal, and shows the
             increasing role of the private
             sector. Waste equipment and
             the emerging importance of e-
             waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
              Market Revenues by Segment
              Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
              Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
              Geographic Distribution of the Market
              Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
              Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
              Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
              Waste Management Equipment
             [Learn More...]




              ABOUT US
              Waste Business Journa l researches the waste Industry and publishes a
              variety of reports . We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
              on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
              can help you.
              CONTACT US
              PO Box 40034
              San Diego, CA 92164-0034
              Tel 619.793.5190
              Fax 619.793.4713
              Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
              FORWARD THIS EMAIL
              Forward email
              UNSUBSCRIBE
              This email was sent to office_of_the_governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
              info@wastebusinessjournal.com
              Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
              SafeUnsubscribeTM' I Privacy Policy.
              QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
              Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.



            9/18/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0020599
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                   Page 5 of 5



               DISCLAIMER
              Although WB) has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
              and are unintentional.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0020600
