Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I


              Unknown

               From:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:   Friday, July 11, 2008 3:12 PM
               To:     Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Chamber/Americas Executive Forum Press Release on Amb. Robert Dieter, U. S. Ambassador to Belize




              From: Gil Cisneros [mailto:gil@chamberottheamericas.com]
              Sent: Friday, July 11, 2008 2:02 PM
              To: ******Gil Cisneros
              Subject: Chamber/Americas Executive Forum Press Release on Amb. Robert Dieter, U. S. Ambassador to
              Belize

              The Chamber of the Americas Executive Forum Breakfast presented the
              Honorable Robert J . Dieter, U.S. Ambassador to Belize, on July 10, 2008.
              Ambassador Dieter, a former Clinical Professor of Law at the University at the
              University of Colorado-Boulder Law School , relayed that prior to his appointment
              by President George W. Bush as the nation 's diplomatic representative to the
              Central American country, he had limited knowledge of the intricacies of
              international diplomacy, having devoted his professional life to pursuit of legal
              scholarship.
              However, Ambassador Dieter's tenure has offered a thorough education in the art
              of diplomacy and an appreciation of Belize , the people and possibilities. He
              informed the audience about the cultural and commercial allure of Belize. While
              the potential for business opportunities are without restraint , the U.S. ranks
              number one in foreign trade with the beautiful but tiny nation (the population
              compares to Boulder County - approximately 300,000 people).
              According to Ambassador Dieter, the primary catalyst for the close relationship
              between the two countries is a shared commitment to democracy . Belize, a
              former British colony, is unique in Latin America With English being the
              predominant language. Along with a shared British influence, the country's
              commitment to democracy , carried over from its British colonial days, resembles
              American government. This, he said, explains the easy relationship with
              Americans. "There is very close cultural connections between the U.S. and
              Belize," he stated.
              The stable political environment offers an. additional attraction to American
              investors. Coupled with Belize's popularity with U.S. tourists , the country is ripe
              with commercial prospects for expanded American trade . Belize boasts
              numerous attributes. Ambassador Dieter highlighted the Mayan ruins, rain
              forests, snorkeling , surfing (Belize has the second largest barrier reef in the
              world), and natural beauty . An added bonus Is the people's disposition.
              "Americans are amazed at how friendly Belizeans are to them," he said.
              The Chamber of the Americas presented Ambassador Dieter in its efforts to
              facilitate and increase American interest in trade with Belize . CEO Gil Cisneros
              led a commercial visit to the country earlier this year and plans to return this fall
              as an emissary between U .S. and Belizean businesspeople in The Chambers'
              efforts to enhance commercial trade between the U .S. and Belize.
              For further information about possible trade opportunities with Chamber of the
              Americas and Belizean businesses , please contact Gil Cisneros at 303-462-1475.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0020686
