Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 4


             Unknown

              From .,   Bruce D Webb [bwebb@aurorapower.com]
              Sent:     Friday, July 11, 2008 9:46 AM
              To:       ddonkel@cfl.rr.com
              Cc:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV);
                        Jim White; 'Jim Gottstein'; Rick in Fairbanks; nickstepo@gmaii.com
              Subject: Hello, hello.... is anybody home?
             Dan,

             That was the Governor's auto response. I have received a dozen of them over the past year.

             Nice letter, but I am afraid it is being delivered to deaf ears. I am starting to wonder what the
             Governor's agenda is, as she , and particularly Joe Balash, have NEVER replied to me, and I sent Joe a
             message last week - asking him directly what his purpose was, because I have been including him in all
             the oil and gas e-mails that deal with the injustices being propogated in several departments . I seriously
             do not have any idea what his rote in State government is. I made it a return receipt and "notify when
             read" e-mail. He got it, read it, and of course, ignored it. (attached) I offered to sit down with him over
             coffee and discuss his role, what he could do for me,and I would have asked him if there was any way I
             could help him. I wanted to know whether or not I was wasting his time by including him in all the e-
             mails. Apparently I am.

             Sarah is most likely devoting the majority of her time in justifying her AGIA legislation, which Is now
             being countered not only by ConocoPhillips with the Denali proposal, but by Governor Knowles with a
             different approach, and Governor Hickel with yet another. The woes of the independents are insignificant
             in comparrison to what the majors are delivering and what a gas line would mean to Alaskans - it's sad
             but true. We just don't matter enough to be heard. All we can do is keep trying, unfortunately, after
             trying for so many years - we start sounding like fanatics - which adds to the administrations desire to
             ignore us.

             This is especially frustrating for me, having served within the Stae for over 20 years, more than half of
             which in the Division of Oil and Gas. I have the unique experience of knowing the "process " from the
             inside looking out, and now - after almost four years of oil and gas consulting and managing the land and
             regulatory affairs for one of the only independents In Alaska still managing t survive - from the outside
             looking. I can point out a hundred deficiencies and ambiuities in State regulations that would be EASY to
             fix and make the "process " more fair and condusive for competition and exploration . The problem lies in
             that it serves no ones political agenda to change things . The administration(s) would rather focus their
             attention on "NEW" legislation and administrative process that will focus the spotlight on them and their
             prospective acheivements, instead of fixing the old statutes and regulations that create and propogate
             the problems.

             In several discussions with you, Jim , Rick and others, I have come to the conclusion that if we want to
             change things, we are going to have to start a public awareness campaign and educate the people of
             Alaska. Only when we are able to bring these issues out in the open to the general public and compete
             for the "spotlight" with AGIA . Denali, ACES, and the litany of other "important " issues, will we be noticed
             and taken seriously. Check out this website:

             http: //www.state.ak.us/local/ak2acies/LEGISLATURE/ombud/standarz.htm

             There are 16 standards that the State Ombudsman uses to investigate complaints against state officials,
             departments and Divisions. I was in a meeting yesterday with the DCOM, DOG, F&G, DEC and COE. 12
             of those 16 standards were violated. Once a complaint is filed with the Ombudsman, they MUST
             investigate it, and publish it on their website. Perhaps it is time to start using the State's own system to
             bring these issues to the forefront - and everytime a complaint is filed, copy all the media agencies in the



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0020608
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 4


              state... this would cost us nothing. More than half of these standards are relevant in the Corsair Unit Expansion          x
              Decision alone.

              Anyway, I have ranted anbout my disappointment with the administration enough. I hope the weather and view
              in Florida is making you smile.

              Take care,

              -Bruce


              From : ddonkel@efl.rr.com [mailto:ddonkel@cfl.rr.com]
              Sent Friday, July 11, 2008 1:04 AM
              To: Kart Spencer; Sarah Palin; Governor Sarah Palin; Governor Palin; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: Jim Winegarner; Bob & Faith Warthen; Tom Walsh; Bill VanDyke; Stan Snyder; Pat Shaw;
              Senator Thomas Wagoner@Iegis.state.ak.us; Senator Lyda_Green@legis.state.ak.us;
              Senator Lesil McGuire@legis.state.ak.us; Senator Gary_Stevens@tegis.state.ak.us;
              Senator_Charlie Huggins@legis.state.ak.us; Senator_Bert Stedman@legis.state.ak.us; Robert Pledger; Dorothy
              Pledger; David W. Lapp!; joe.balash@alaska.gov; Stuart Doshi; rep.david.guttenberg@legis.state.ak.us;
              Kevin_Banks; Vladimir Katic; jimwhite; Rick Wagner; Jerry Hodgden; Bruce D. Webb; Lt. Gov. Parnell; David
              Boelens
              Subject: Re: Cowdery indicted on two corruption charges: FBI Investigations Into Alaska politics I adn.com

              Dear Gov. Palin or Who ever replied. I hope this was not a computer responds you sent to my
              letter below!

              Why have I never received one responds from the Governor on these oil and gas matters after
              almost a hundred letters from me to help stop oil and gas corruption in Alaska and help cause
              fair competition in Alaska from small oil companies against the Majors?

              Have you reviewed your oil and gas lease sales history and have you noted that my "Danco"
              companies or I (DANIEL K. DONKEL) have been one of Alaska's largest and longest (since
              1983) oil and gas lease customers in many Cook Inlet lease sales and on the North Slope?

              Have you also noted that I helped with others indirectly cause millions of barrels of new oil
              production in the Cook Inlet at Redoubt Shoals oil and gas field that created many Alaskan jobs
              and royalty and other valuable income to the State for benefit all Alaskans?

              Also, do you know I have supported, along with Rick Wagner and others, Gov. Palin's efforts to
              help Alaska to be more oil and gas productive and have tried for decades to help increase oil
              and gas competition from the small oil and gas companies that have been apparently shut out
              of Alaska profit making business for decades by the State's subject oil and gas corruption or
              injustice?

              Can I ask one favor? If yes, then may I ask that Rick Wagner, Bruce D. Webb, Paul Craig,
               David Boelens, Jerry Hodgden, Jim White and me (if all are agreeable / others may be
              included if they are schedulable) to meet with Gov. Palin to find solutions to this oil and gas
              corruption and bad oil and gas laws that has keep small oil companies and Alaskans from
              competition profitably for well over three decades?

              We are all small Alaskan oil men with well over one hundred year of combined Alaska oil and
              gas experience and we only want one hour to meet with Gov. Palin to talk about this subject
              corruption and how the small oil and gas competitors can benefit Alaska just as they do in


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSPOI _0020609
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 4


               Kansas and many other producing oil State's in the lower 48 and Canada.

              May I respectfully ask for a meaningful and respectful response of a simple "yes" or "no" to
              have this group or any one from this group meet with Gov. Sarah Patin for one hour by phone
              or in person to help Alaskans and small oil companies drill and produce more oil and gas for
              our nation?

              Daniel K. Donkel
              Ph: 386-226-4344
              Cell: 407-375-8500
              Fax: 386-252-3703
              ddonkel@cfl.rr.com
              546 Rio Vista Ave.
              Daytona Beach, Florida 32114
                - Original Message -
                From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                To: ddonket(&cfl. rr.com
                Sent: Thursday, July 10, 2008 5:28 PM
                Subject: RE: Cowdery indicted on two corruption charges : FBI investigations into Alaska politics I adn.com

                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions, and/or information you have
                sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and every email
                herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office
                who can best address your need, suggestion , or comment.



                From : ddonkel@cfl.rr.com [mailto :ddonkel@clLrr.com]
                Sent: Thursday, July 10, 2008 1:22 PM
                To: Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Alfred James; irvin.tjoy@poa02. usace.army.mit; Chris Brecht; Danny S . Davis; Rick
                Wagner; Vladimir Katic; jimwhite; Governor Sarah Paltn (GOV sponsored ); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Paul L. Craig;
                Bruce D. Webb; David Boelens
                Cc: Senator Thomas Wagoner@legis.state.ak.us ; Green, Lyda N ( LAA); McGuire, Lesil L (LAA); Stevens, Gary
                L (LAA); Huggins, Charlie (LAA); Wielechowski, Bill (LAA); Stedman, Bert K (LAA); Richard A. Fineberg; Vladimir
                Katic; Balash, Joseph R (GOV); James Gottstein; Jerry. Hodgden
                Subject: Cowdery indicted on two corruption charges: FBI investigations into Alaska politics I adn.com

                Dear Gov. Patin and Friends

                Please read the subject "BREAKING NEWS",

                "Cowdery indicted on two corruption charges : FBI investigations into Alaska politics " I adn.com

               Then read some solutions below. We want to give Gov. Patin and the Legislature information
               that can give reasons to allow small oil and gas companies to compete fairly in Alaska if new
               laws are passed ASAP!!

               What harm has all this corruption in Alaska politics done to Alaska 's small oil and gas
               competitors over the last 14 year If Sen. John Cowdery was the GATE KEEPER AS
               REPORTED IN Anchorage Daily News? I quote " He's had powerful positions in the Senate
               leadership, including Rules Committee chairman, serving as gatekeeper for which bills reach the full
               Senate for a vote."?



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0020610
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                            Page 4 of 4


               If this is true THEN HOW WILL GOVERNOR PALIN IDENTIFY AND UNDO THE APPARENT
               HARM HE AND OTHERS DID TO ALASKA'S SMALL OIL AND GAS COMPETITORS UNLESS
               WE ALL HELP GOV. PALIN AND LEGISLATURE NOW???

               In Alaska it has been reported by Dr. Paul Graig of Trading Bay Energy of Anchorage, that drilling
               permits are costing 76 time higher then the average cost in the lower 48 States and Canada! ! With all
               this corruption in Alaska politics it seems possible that those who have most all Alaska's oil and gas
               markets may have bribed certain Alaskan Legislators to make laws to keep the smaller competitors out
               so they can control the markets. Alaska oil and gas laws need to be like Kansas and now is the time to
               do it, so Alaska will be more productive and competitive. See this link below for details on Dr. Craig's
               Testomony to the Alaska Legislature, http:I/www.legis.state.ak.us/basis/getminutes comm.asp?
               hse=H&session=24&conun=-0! G&date=20051121 &time=1310 .

               MAYBE Sen. John Cowdery HELPED BLOCK THE SENATE VERSION OF HB 53 AND OTHER
               BILLS IN ORDER TO KEEP THE SMALL COMPETITORS OUT OF ALASKA. MAYBE GOV.
               PALIN CAN CONSIDER THE KANSAS MODEL FOR DRILLING PERMITS SO SMALL OIL
               AND GAS COMPANIES CAN DRILL FOR OIL WITHOUT THE IMPOSABLE RED TAPE AND
               PERMITTING COST THAT WE HAVE KEEPING SMALL OIL COMPANIES OUT OF ALASKA.

               I suggest Gov. Palin and staff talk with Jerry Hodgden the Alaskan and Kansas consulting Geologist to
               help Alaska consider the Kansas model, he can be reached at geodogsna.comcast.net . I believe
               he would want to help consult with Governor Palin and other Alaskan leaders to adopt the
               Kansas legislation this next session at a fee The Alaska State Government can afford. Please contact
               me if I can assist in any way possible.

               WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS? THANKS, DANIEL K. DONKEL at ddonkeing.cfl.rr.com
               please click on this link for the full story; http://www.adn.com/news/politics/fbi/st6rv/460986.html




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0020611
