Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
         Sent:                    Friday, July 11, 2008 8:09 AM
         To:                      'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
         Subject:                 Fw: NEWS CLIPS 07-11-08




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Burkert, Erin (GOV sponsored) <erin.burkert@alaska.gov>

         Sent: Fri Jul 11 08:02:16 2008

         Subject: NEWS CLIPS 07-11-08




         ALASKA OIL PRICE




         $144.59



         -$1.62




        ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS



        Cowdery indicted on two corruption charges




        By LISA DEMER

        ldemer@adn.com



         (07/10/08 16:18:17)

                                                             1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Nearly two years after the FBI raided his office, state Sen . John Cowdery was indicted on
          conspiracy and bribery charges.



          The Anchorage Republican is accused of scheming with Veco Corp. executives to buy the vote
          of another senator in the battle for an oil tax favored by North Slope oil producers.



          According to the 16-page indictment, Cowdery and others conspired in 2006 to give another
          senator $25,000, characterized as campaign contributions. The indictment was handed up by
          a grand jury Wednesday and filed in U.S. District Court on Thursday.



          Cowdery was not arrested. He's been summoned to appear in U.S. District Court in Anchorage
          on Aug. 11.



          Cowdery will fight the charges , said his attorney , Kevin Fitzgerald of Anchorage.



          "Senator Cowdery will be exonerated, and this will be exposed for the mistake it is,"
          Fitzgerald said in a written statement.



          "We believe that in the indictment the government has seriously misinterpreted the few
          comments made by Senator Cowdery and has exacerbated the problem by presenting short
          snippets of conversation out of context," Fitzgerald said.



          Gov. Sarah Palin called for Cowdery to resign.



          "It was disturbing to learn that another public official has been charged with violating
          the public trust. I urge Senator Cowdery to step down, for the good of the state," Palin
          said.



         At 78, Cowdery is the oldest member of the Alaska Legislature. Until January, he was
         chairman of the powerful Rules Committee. He has been in poor health. He isn't running for
         re-election this year.



         The indictment identifies the senator whom Cowdery was trying to influence only as "State
         Senator A." Fitzgerald said that person is Donny Olson, D-Nome, who in 2006 was running
         for lieutenant governor and looking for campaign funds.



         The document describes a series of phone calls as well as a June 25, 2006, breakfast
         meeting. Olson, Cowdery and Veco chief executive Bill Allen met at the old Sunshine Grill
         in Anchorage, Olson's lawyer, Paul Stockler of Anchorage, said Thursday.



         Olson didn't want to talk about the case against Cowdery in detail on Thursday but said he
                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020614
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          is cooperating in the investigation.



          "If there is corruption out there, those people need to be held responsible," Olson said.



          Olson has been cooperating with the FBI and federal prosecutors for about a year, Stockier
          said. He testified to a federal grand jury in June and has been interviewed maybe a half
          dozen times about the events covered in the indictment, and confirmed a transcript of the
          June breakfast, Stockier said.



          Olson has no assurance that he won't be prosecuted, but Stockier said it appears highly
          unlikely that he will be.



          "I don't believe Donny Olson did anything wrong," Stockier said. Olson never received the
          $25,000.



          A SERIES OF PHONE CALLS



          Cowdery and Olson are among six state legislators whose offices were searched by the FBI
          on Aug. 31, 2006, the event that broke into the open a bribery scandal that has shaken
          Alaska's political establishment.



          Allen and Veco vice president Rick Smith pleaded guilty to bribing legislators to push
          through the oil tax supported by North Slope producers, and admitted in court papers that
          Cowdery was part of the conspiracy.



          Two former legislators, Pete Kott of Eagle River and Vic Kohring of Wasilla, are serving
          federal prison sentences after being convicted on corruption charges related to the push
          for the tax. A third former legislator, Bruce Weyhrauch of. Juneau, is awaiting trial.



         The new indictment covers a series of phone calls that began in March 2006 and also the
         June.2006 breakfast. The FBI had wiretaps on Allen's and Smith's phones. They are not
         named in the Cowdery charging document, but Fitzgerald confirmed. that they are the unnamed
         executives cited.



         During 2006, legislators haggled over a new way to tax oil companies that would bring in
         more state revenue during times of high oil prices. Veco was pushing a 20 percent tax rate
         proposed by the Murkowski administration to help promote construction of a natural gas
         pipeline from the North Slope. Others wanted a higher rate.



         According to the new indictment, in a March 30, 2006, telephone call, Cowdery told Smith
         they needed the support of legislators on the Senate Finance Committee, including Olson.
         He and his wife were "pretty good friends" with Olson. They could get together socially
         and talk about where Olson stood, Cowdery told Smith.


                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 00206'15
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Later , on June 20, 2006, Smith twice told Allen in a phone call that the only leverage
          Veco had to change votes on the tax was by making campaign contributions and hosting fund-
          raisers.



          Then, the charges say, on June 22, 2006, Smith told Cowdery " gotta have some votes here."
          Smith said company executives would help Olson if he would " step up to the plate,"
          according to the indictment.



          Cowdery said he had told Olson , "Maybe we can buy some gasoline ," the indictment says.
          "You know, he ' s got planes," Cowdery told Smith . A doctor and pilot , Olson owns Olson Air
          Service Inc.



           " Yeah. Yeah ," Smith answered.



           "That'd be pretty easy and clean ," Cowdery said.



           Smith said the company didn't "have a problem gettin' some checks to (State Senator A) ...
           if he can come through on this PPT ... and the gas line," according to the indictment. The
           tax was called the Petroleum Profits Tax.



          Cowdery said he ' d tell Olson , the charges say.



           " Okay. I mean this is -- you know, I mean this is, ah, come to Jesus time ," Smith said.



          In another phone call, according to the charges, Cowdery told Allen that he had let Olson
          know he could probably get Olson some campaign money, but Olson would have to vote for the
          tax and the gas line. Cowdery said that Olson answered that he had no problem with that,
          the charges say.



          THE BREAKFAST MEETING




          On June 25, 2006, Cowdery , Allen and Olson met over breakfast at the Sunshine Grill, which
          used to be the restaurant next to the Moose's Tooth. They didn't know that a couple of FBI
          agents were in the next booth with a video camera. Stockier described that scene , based on
          evidence shown to him and Olson.



          Over breakfast , Cowdery told Olson that he needed to go along with Cowdery and two other
          legislators . One was identified in the charges only as State Senator B . Fitzgerald said
          that was then- Senate President Ben Stevens . The other wasn't identified at all.



          Olson said he needed to get through the primary battle for lieutenant governor, the
          charges say.
                                                         4




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0020616
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Allen asked him how much money he needed.



          "I don't know," Olson answered, according to the indictment. "I've got $100,000 of my own
          ... but I may fall short, and that's why I haven't had a fund-raiser because I've got all
          this other stuff I'm trying to organize."



          "Well, I think the way (company CEO) could do that is by check. Probably the best way for
          everybody," Cowdery said, according to the indictment.



          "There are a couple of issues I can certainly help you out on. But I gotta be real careful
          on some of the other ones," Olson said.



          "So you need ... some money here pretty quick?" Allen asked Olson. Olson nodded that he
          did.



          Olson then asked Allen, "How much are you good for?"



          "What?" Allen answered.



          "How much are you good for?"



          "Oh, we can probably go 25," Allen answered.



          "That's a good start," Olson answered, according to the charges.



          Later in the meeting, the indictment says that Cowdery told Olson that "I think we can
          make this work if you vote the way me and (State Senator B) were to vote when we get down
          (to Juneau)."



          Olson said if they had 11 votes in the Senate and 21 in the House, "I'll be there with
          you," according to the charging document.



          Later that day, Ben Stevens told Allen on the phone that if Olson got money for his
          campaign, "We might be able to keep him ... as a player," according to the charges. Two
          days later, Stevens talked to both Cowdery and Olson multiple times, the charges say.
          Stevens has denied that he did anything wrong.



          Olson lost in the August primary to Democrat Ethan Berkowitz.
                                                         5




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0020617
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          No Veco fund-raiser ever occurred; the money wasn't pursued after the meeting, Fitzgerald
          said.



          "Our understanding was that while Senator Cowdery was present-at this breakfast meeting on
          June 25, 2006, more than two years ago, he made more comments about the ham being served
          than he did about the discussion between Allen and Olson," Fitzgerald said in his
          statement.



          LEGISLATORS REACT




          Thursday morning in Juneau, legislators were anxiously trying to get information on the
          criminal charges against one of their colleagues. Cowdery wasn't there, although he
          attended the legislative session on Wednesday. His office was locked and dark.



          Copies of the indictment were made, and lawmakers were seen walking with them in hand.



         The Senate leadership appeared shaken initially, but later Senate President Lyda Green
         talked about the scandal involving a member of her coalition.



         Green said Cowdery shouldn't step down. She called him a friend and noted his years in the
         Legislature, his frail health, his recent absences, the few months he has left to serve.
         He is part of her leadership team.



         "We have a man who has served many years, at the end of his career. I would just hope
         people would step back and be very thoughtful about that," Green said.



         It's been rare for a sitting state legislator to be charged with corruption in Alaska.
         Kohring was the third and Cowdery is the fourth.



         If convicted, Cowdery faces a penalty of up to 10 years in prison on the bribery count and
         a maximum of five years for conspiracy.




         Daily News reporters Wesley Loy and Terry Carr contributed to this story. Find Lisa Demer
         online at adn.com/contact/ldemer or call 257-4390.




                                                       6




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020618
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Charges against Cowdery



         COUNT 1: Conspiracy to commit bribery and extortion. Prosecutors allege Cowdery conspired
         with executives of oil services company Veco Corp. to bribe state Sen. Donny Olson of Nome
         to keep oil taxes from going too high.



         COUNT 2: Bribery. Prosecutors allege Cowdery offered to bribe Olson in exchange for his
         vote on the oil tax legislation.




         Exxon plaintiffs pursue interest

         SAFEGUARD: Lawyers file brief in an effort to prevent another appeal.



         By ERIKA BOLSTAD

         ebolstad@adn.com




          (07/11/ 08 05:20:35)



         WASHINGTON -- People owed money from the Exxon Valdez lawsuit have asked the U.S. Supreme
         Court to make it clear that they should receive interest payments, even though the court
         cut the punitive damages award last month from $2.5 billion to $507 million.



         Lawyers for the fishermen and other plaintiffs in the case have calculated that interest
         will add up to about $488 million, bringing the total amount owed by Exxon Mobil from the
         1989 oil spill to nearly $1 billion. Minus attorney fees, an estimated $628 million will
         be divided among more than 32,000 plaintiffs.



         The punitive damages were originally awarded in 1994 as punishment for Exxon's role in the
         spill, which leaked 11 million gallons of crude oil into the fishing waters of Prince
         William Sound.



         Lawyers for the plaintiffs believe they're entitled to interest, but after so many years
         of wrangling with Exxon, they're just making sure, said Brian O'Neill, a Minnesota lawyer
         who represents the plaintiffs. He filed a brief with the Supreme Court earlier this week
         as a safeguard.



         "It's to make sure that we don't make a technical mistake," O'Neill said. "It's just to
         make sure that we are clearly entitled to the interest ... and that we don't waive it.
         With this-amount of money at stake, you use a belt and suspenders."
                                                      7




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020619
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         That doesn't mean they're not worried about Exxon, as they point out in their filings. "If
         past is prologue, there is real risk that Exxon would exploit any lack of clarity
         concerning interest to prolong this litigation still further," lawyers for the plaintiffs
         wrote.



         Exxon has been cagey about whether it will appeal the interest owed in the case. A
         spokesman for the company wouldn't say whether Exxon plans to fight the interest payments.



         Company lawyers are reading what the plaintiffs just filed and waiting for the case to be
         sent back to the appellate court in San Francisco, and, finally, to the U.S. District
         Court in Anchorage where it was first heard, said Exxon spokesman Tony Cudmore.



         "I think we need to understand what the court will order on that question ," Cudmore said.
         "We need to understand what the plaintiffs have asked for in their submission , we need to
         review that, and we need to understand the court' s views. We will certainly comply with
         the final order."



         But Cudmore also added: "Just to be clear, we are anxious to have the matter resolved.
         We've got no desire to delay a final outcome."



         In this case, Exxon never disputed the district court's determination that the plaintiffs
         are entitled to interest dating back to the original judgment, O'Neill said in the brief
         filed this week with the Supreme Court.



         The Supreme Court recessed at the end of June, but, according to its Web. site, during the
         summer the justices continue to analyze new petitions for review, consider motions and
         applications, and prepare for cases scheduled for fall argument.



         Courts have discretion in whether to award interest but usually do, said Paul Rothstein, a
         professor at Georgetown University Law Center. Federal court rules call for interest to be
         paid at a particular Federal Reserve rate available at the time of the award. In this
         case, it was 5.9 percent.



         When deciding whether to award interest, judges take into account a number of factors,
         Rothstein said, such as how long the litigation went on and the recalcitrance of the
         people who own the money -- that is, whether they've been dragging the case out
         deliberately.



         "The court can make a decision one way or the other whether interest will accrue, but
         generally, it does accrue," Rothstein said.



         The Supreme Court issued its 5-3 opinion on June 25. The court held that in maritime cases
         punitive damages should be no more than the compensatory, or actual, damages. That 1-to-i
         ratio, a new legal standard for punitive awards, applies only to punitive damages meted
                                                      8




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0020620
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         out under maritime law. It was designed to address "the stark unpredictability of punitive
         awards," the court decided.




         Former governors question TransCanada plan

         HICKEL, KNOWLES: Both say their proposals make more sense.



         By SEAN COCKERHAM

         scockerham@adn.com



          (07/11/ 08 04 : 29:54)



         While the state Legislature is in special session to decide whether to give TransCanada
         Corp. a license for a gas pipeline, two former governors are arguing doing so would be a
         big mistake.



         Former Gov. Tony Knowles wants legislators to postpone the decision and have TransCanada
         negotiate with the oil companies that have their own pipeline project. Former Gov. Wally
         Hickel, meanwhile, is calling for the Legislature to reject the proposed license for
         TransCanada. He wants the state to build its own "all-Alaska" natural gas pipeline from
         the North Slope to Valdez.



         Gov. Sarah Palin wants to give TransCanada the license and a $500 million subsidy to
         pursue construction of the gas pipeline. Palin has said it is far more likely to be
         successful and lucrative than a standalone all-Alaska option.



         But Rickel argues this is too important to be left in the hands of the Canadians.



         "Why turn over control of a resource this valuable to a foreign country?" Hickel said in a
         written statement Thursday. "If TransCanada gets the license, they and their government
         will determine when it will be built, who gets the jobs, how much it will be taxed ... and
         how our gas will be used."



         Rickel was co-chair of Palin's 2006 campaign for governor and said it's nothing personal.



         "I admire Sarah. She is a caring leader and has done a great job. But on this issue, her
         advisors have taken her down the wrong road," Rickel said. "It's up to the Legislature to
         save her, save Alaska and save themselves from the worst decision of the 21st century."



         Palin also says the TransCanada plan is better than the competing "Denali" project the oil
                                                      9




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1_0020621
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          companies BP and Conoco Phillips are working on. Palin argues the TransCanada proposal
          includes guarantees that benefit the state -- such as shipping rates and timelines -- and
          doesn't leave Alaska at the mercy of the oil companies and what she expects will be their
          demands for tax breaks.



          But BP and Conoco, unlike TransCanada, hold leases to the North Slope gas that is needed
          for the pipeline and aren't asking for a $500 million subsidy. Knowles said what's needed
          is for the companies and TransCanada to unite in a single project.



          That's what the state should focus on, he said, rather than committing to TransCanada.



          "Let's start the negotiation now with all the parties.     All the Legislature would have to
          do is put (the license decision) on hold, 90 days, 120     days, into next session," Knowles
          said Thursday at a Resource Development Council lunch.     "Put it on hold and let's see how
          serious the parties are ... we'll save $500 million in     the process."




          Collaboration could cut power bills

          ENERGY: Study may outline future for Railbelt     companies.



          By RINDI WHITE

          rwhite@adn.com



          (07/11/08 01:05:27)



          Consolidating power generation and transmission duties at electrical utilities between
          Fairbanks and Homer could slice $ 3.40 to $11.10 a month from Railbelt customers ' monthly
          bills, according to a state- commissioned study..



          But so far, utility leaders haven't agreed to give up control of their assets, pool their
          debts and relinquish at least some of their autonomy to join a regional generation and
          transmission authority.



          Kevin Harper with Washington-based energy consulting firm Black & Veatch presented a draft
          of the Railbelt Electrical Grid Authority study to an audience of mostly utility leaders
          Thursday in Anchorage.



          The state Legislature commissioned the $800,000 study in 2007.



         Compared to the demands on Outside electrical providers, the 900 megawatts used by
                                                       10




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0020622
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Railbelt consumers is small. But the six utilities along its stretch operate
           independently , and many generate their own power . Combining would mean big changes to the
           way they operate.



           Harper's proposal was compared Thursday to the Alaska Railroad Corp., a state corporation
           run by a governor-appointed board. He estimated that switching to a state-managed power
           authority would mean a drop of $10 million to $39 million in the yearly cost of providing
           power. The range depends on the type of fuel being used to generate power, he said.



           Some in the audience said joining forces is the only way utilities can afford to build new
           power plants and upgrade an aging power transmission system.



           "We can't afford our future. There are too many targets and, unfortunately, costs have
           exploded," said Bradley Evans, interim chief executive officer at Chugach Electric
           Association.



           Many favored the plan but said they need more details before they or their ratepayers
           would be willing to join.



           "I think it's in our best interest to join), but we've got a long way to go," said
           Willard Dunham, vice-mayor of the city of Seward, which runs its own electrical utility.




           Airlines are asking customers to help curb rise in oil prices

           TARGET SPECULATORS: Frequent fliers requested to write Congress.




           By HARRY R. WEBER

           The Associated Press



           (07/11/ 08 01 : 05:42)



          ATLANTA -- The chief executive officers of a dozen U.S. airlines -- including Alaska
          Airlines -- beset by record fuel costs that have caused several to cut jobs, reduce
          capacity and impose higher fees on customers, are now asking for their customers' help to
          curb the rise of oil prices.



          They have co-signed a letter being sent to frequent fliers of their respective carriers,
          asking customers to contact Congress about the problem of market speculation, which they
          believe is driving up the price of oil.




                                                        11




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0020E523
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          "This pain can be alleviated , and that is why we are taking the extraordinary step of
          writing this j oint letter to our customers ," the letter states . A copy was received by The
          Associated Press on , Wednesday.




          Lawmakers have cited the problems high fuel prices cause airlines , trucking companies,
          farmers and consumers in calling for restrictions on speculative trading.



          Northwest Airlines Corp . Chief Executive Douglas Steenland urged lawmakers in June to
          close loopholes that allow traders to dodge U.S. speculation limits by trading on foreign
          exchanges or through over-the - counter transactions.



          "Our highest priority is to tackle the overall price of fuel which is now 40 percent of
          our cost pie ," Steenland told lawmakers . " Addressing excessive speculation is the most
          immediate remedy Congress could deliver."



          The letter from the airlines acknowledges that oil prices are partly . a response to normal
          market forces, prompting a need for the country to focus on increased energy supplies and
          conservation.



          "However , there is another side to this story because normal market forces are being
          dangerously amplified by poorly regulated market speculation ," the letter says.



          The letter says speculators buy up large amounts of oil and then sell it to each other
          again and again. The price goes up with each trade and consumers pick up the final tab.
          Some market experts estimate that current prices reflect as much as $ 30 to $ 60 per barrel
          in unnecessary speculative costs , the letter says.



          It adds that regulations established decades ago by Congress to control excessive market
          speculation have been weakened or removed over the years.



          "We need your help ," the letter to customers says. "Get more information and contact
          Congress."


    3
          It is signed by the CEOs of Northwest Airlines , AirTran Airways, Alaska Airlines , American
          Airlines , Continental Airlines , Delta Air Lines , Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue Airways,
          Midwest Airlines , Southwest Airlines , United Airlines and US Airways.



          Kevin Healy , senior vice president of marketing and planning for AirTran Airways, a
          subsidiary of AirTran Holdings Inc., said in an interview that while airlines often band
          together to address congestion and other issues, the letter is unique since it is a public
          appeal.



          Oil industry seeking able workers

          FUTURE NEEDS : A gas pipeline would require hundreds of new jobs.
                                                        12




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020624
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          The Associated Press



          (07/11/ 08 00:39:24)



          FAIRBANKS -- Oil industry officials in Alaska said they need to fill hundreds of jobs in
          preparation for more development on the North Slope and the Arctic Ocean and because of
          the aging work force.



          A proposed natural gas pipeline, which could be the largest-ever construction project in
          North America, would place heavy demands on the oil industry's work force. Plus, existing
          infrastructure on the North Slope needs maintenance, said Mike Utsler, a senior vice
          president for BP who oversees the company's operations at Prudhoe Bay.



          The oil and gas work force is also aging, with an estimated 40 percent of those in
          professional occupations eligible for retirement in the next seven years.



          Utsler said the North Slope has a.slightly younger work force, where those in mechanical
          and technical trades average between 48 and 51 years, and professional employees average
          43 to 44 years.



          BP Alaska has hired 600 people in the last 2 1/2 years, many of whom are recent graduates
          who could help offset anticipated retirements, Utsler said.



          Fresh out of four years in the Air Force, Christy Cadle is hoping an oil . and gas job will
          offer the chance to apply her engineering skills and to stay in Alaska.



         She attended an industry career fair Wednesday at the Carlson Center. sponsored by BP.
         About two dozen other companies, unions and training programs had booths.hoping to attract
         potential employees.



         Ryan Smith, recruiting coordinator for UAF's College of Engineering and Mines, said
         enrollment is up even over last year ' s high numbers. "There's a huge market in need of
         engineers, and there aren 't that many engineers out there."



         US Senate GOP drops ANWR

         STEVENS ANGRY: He says energy solution must include Alaska.



         By ERIKA BOLSTAD

         ebolstad@adn.com

                                                       13




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 002062.5
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           ( 07/10 / 08 00 : 18:53)



          WASHINGTON - Senate Republicans have dropped the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from
          their energy policy discussions , focusing instead on persuading Democrats to lift a
          moratorium on offshore drilling.



          It's a move that has angered the longtime standard -bearer for drilling in ANWR, U . S. Sen.
          Ted Stevens , R-Alaska , who has vowed to put the issue back in front of his colleagues in
          the Senate.



          "It's not off my table ," Stevens said . "Unless you include Alaska in an energy solution,
          it's a non-solution."



          The decision to drop the ANWR proposal comes as , both the House and the Senate are
          considering legislation intended to respond to the rising cost of gasoline . The two
          chambers are considering a number of different proposals , including legislation that would
          clamp down on speculation in the oil commodities markets , which is suspected of forcing
          prices upward for consumers.



          Other proposals include a push by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif ., to have President
          Bush release fuel from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The government has stopped adding
          oil to the reserve , but advocates of releasing oil from the reserve say that wouldhelp
          drive down prices.



          Recently , some Senate Democrats have suggested that they would be likely to support
          lifting the moratorium on offshore drilling . It's a shift that could lead to a compromise
          energy bill that satisfies Republicans who want more production , but also pleases
          Democrats who want it to focus on conservation and tax breaks for alternative and
          renewable energy proposals.



          Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , said she was " disappointed " that fellow Republicans won't
          be pushing ANWR as they press forward with energy legislation to address high . gasoline
          prices. Like Stevens, she'll be looking for ways to add ANWR in an amendment.



          "Anything that we do when it comes to energy legislation, if it's going to pass this
          Senate and Congress , it must be bipartisan ," she said. "ANWR is, of course , controversial,
          and they're looking for things that are noncontroversial . Well, if we could find something
          noncontroversial , we'd pass it tomorrow."



          But Murkowski also said she favors a balanced energy bill that includes production,
          conservation and research into renewable and alternative fuels. And if the Senate comes up
          with a compromise bill that includes offshore drilling and some of those other goals, she
          would consider supporting it.




                                                        14




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0020626
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         "I'm not going to say I can't do this because ANWR is not a piece of the solution,"
         Murkowski said . " I've got to look at what is we ' re trying to advance . But on the same
         hand, I'm not going to suggest we should continue to hold back on ANWR."



          Senate Republican leaders say they remain supportive of drilling in ANWR, but that now is
          not the time when both parties are looking for a compromise that will help consumers.
          Democrats have told them that any energy package with ANWR in it pegs them as unwilling to
          compromise , and that they simply won't consider it, said Don Stewart, a spokesman for the
          Republican minority leader , Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.



          " It's something the Democrats have said they cannot do ," Stewart said.



          Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain also does not support drilling in ANWR,
          but has warmed up to offshore drilling.



          It's a far different matter in the House , where U.S. Rep . Don Young has separate bill
          calling for drilling in ANWR. He has the support of top Republicans who consider ANWR "a
          big component of a broad , comprehensive strategy ," said Kevin Smith, a spokesman for the
          House minority leader , Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio.




          Later this month , Boehner will be leading a group of first - term House Republicans on an
          energy field trip to a renewable energy lab in Colorado and to ANWR.



          "We will use every opportunity at our disposal to force a vote on ANWR and get Democrats
          on record as anti-American energy production ," Smith said.



          Young this week criticized Pelosi ' s proposal to release supplies from the strategic
          reserves and criticized the Democratic leadership for doing " everything it can to throw
          obstacles in the way of producing oil and gas from these vast , potentially energy-rich
          areas."



         "It's time for Speaker Pelosi to stop trying to put tissue paper on hemorrhages and start
         producing a real solution for the American people," he said.



          Young's ANWR legislation , which puts some profits from production into renewable resource
          research , has 167 co-sponsors . Of those, three are Democrats.




         New Medicare rules a plus for Alaska doctors

                                                        15




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 002062'7
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         A WIN FOR PATIENTS TOO: A 35 percent increase in rates paid to physicians.



         By ERIKA BOLSTAD

         ebolstad@adn.com



          (07/11/ 08 01 : 05:22)



         WASHINGTON -- Alaska doctors will be paid more than the national average under new
         Medicare rules passed by Congress this week, making it less likely they will stop seeing
         patients who rely on the government-backed health insurance for people older than 65.



         The measure was supported by the entire Alaska congressional delegation, which had worked
         to get a 35 percent increase in the rates paid to doctors who accept Medicare patients.



         "Medicare has only been paying about 40 percent of the costs for Alaska seniors," said
         Sen. Ted Stevens in a statement. "For years, they have struggled to get access to health
         care because these Medicare payments were insufficient. Those days should be over now."



         In Alaska, the extra 35 percent helps compensate doctors who work in an expensive health
         care environment, said Dr. Thomas Vasileff, an orthopedic surgeon who is president of the
         Alaska State Medical Association.



         Nationwide, the legislation keeps doctors from facing a 10 percent cut in their
         reimbursement. rates. If Congress hadn't passed the new legislation, many medical groups
         had suggested that doctors would stop seeing Medicare patients altogether, because they
         would have lost money on the office visits.



         President Bush is expected to veto the Medicare bill, but it is expected to become law
         anyway because it passed in both the House and Senate by veto-proof margins.




         Helicopter helps douse Bicentennial Park fire




         (07/11/08 04 :47:03)




                                                     16




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_00206213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          ANCHORAGE -- Anchorage firefighters called out a state Division of Forestry helicopter
          Thursday afternoon to help douse a small but hard to reach brush fire in a heavily
          forested part of Far North Bicentennial Park.



          According to the Anchorage Fire Department , the pilot of a private aircraft reported an
          unattended campfire about 12 : 15 p.m ., burning about a half -mile from the intersection of
          Tudor and Elmore roads . The blaze was about a quarter -mile from the nearest parking area,
          and creeping toward the South Fork of Campbell Creek . It took firefighters about 10
          minutes to hike in with hand tools and begin to dig a fire line.



          They arrived to find the fire covering about a tenth of an acre and eating through a low-
          lying mix of spruce needles , birch leaves and ground vegetation , fire department
          spokeswoman Jen Klugh said . No homes were threatened.



          The state helicopter made three water bucket drops of about 240 gallons each, and the fire
          was contained at about 1 : 50 p.m.



          Klugh said in a written statement the fire was located in what looked like a homeless camp
          or recreation area.



          Barn-door halibut grabs Homer derby lead

          Californian catches 348 . 2-pounder that could be worth thousands



          By KEVIN KLOTT

          kklott@ adn.corn



          (07/11/ 08 04:53:24)



          Historically, Alaskans have been the luckiest anglers in the Homer Jackpot Halibut Derby,
          catching five of its last 10 winners.



          Surprising ? Probably not, considering Alaskans often know where to locate the mother lode
          of halibut and have more salt -water angling experience than most run-of - the-mill tourists.



          But Californian Jeff Pardi isn't your average tourist . He brought his own gear to Alaska
          for his second lingcod trip in as many years in the Gulf of Alaska with Keith Kalke of
          Ocean Hunter Charters.



         All Pardi needed was Kalke to transport him to a sandy pinnacle about 50 miles off the
         Homer shoreline that ' s known for abundant lingcod and an occasional trophy-size halibut.




                                                        17




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0020629
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

      !`<;Y·L+_.cr!%^rFt,r:,^ n;;CC.L+eerrrd;a¢c^:.a.^cce:.oax wx:.vc=




                 "Captains know the backside of pinnacles have at least one hog," Kalke said. "So I tell
                 clients, when you're fishing for lings, buy a derby ticket."



                 Targeting lingcod with jigs, Pardi hooked a monster halibut -- a 348.2-pounder that took
                 more than an hour to land and could end up being worth thousands of dollars.



                 "It was an hour and 15 minutes of hell," Pardi said. "I was pretty beat afterwards."



                 But all the pain in his forearms and sweat that rolled off his forehead was worth the
                 effort. He could become one filthy-rich angler.



                  `STILL ANYBODY' S GAME'




                 With 81 days remaining in the five-month derby, his first-place fish could win Alaska's
                 longest running derby. The average weight for winning halibut is 323.5 pounds and the
                 average payout is $27,756.



                 The amount in this year's jackpot won't be known for months. Derby tickets cost $2.50.
                 Derby director Paula Frisinger said ticket sales are on par with last year when Jerry
                 Saunders of Chugiak earned $37,243 for his winning fish.



                 Though the derby started May 1, Frisinger said it's just starting to heat up. Last week,
                 Steve Merson of Wisconsin caught a $10,000 tagged halibut but went away penniless because
                 he failed to purchase a derby ticket.



                 Then John Calvert Jr. took the lead with a 279.6-pounder a few days later, getting anglers
                 and captains in Homer fired up, Frisinger said.



                 "It's only the beginning of July and our smallest fish on the board is 204 pounds," she
                 said. "It's still anybody's game."



                 But for now, the top spot belongs to an Outside angler. If Pardi's 348.2-pounder holds the
                 lead, he would become the fourth Californian to win the derby -- the most successful state
                 other than Alaska, which has racked up 11 of the 22 derby winners.



                Odds are also in Pardi's favor. His fish would rank fifth on the all-time list. Jerry
                Meinders of Minnesota holds the record for the biggest derby winner, a 376-pounder caught
                in'1996.



                 'GLUED TO THE GUNWALE'
  s



                                                                              18




                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0020630
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          On a rare bluebird day in the Gulf of Alaska where Kalke and his clients fished , the air
          was so warm and still that Pardi wore shorts and a T - shirt . The water was calm and glassy.



    1     Only 45 minutes after Pardi dropped his jig 150 feet to the sea bottom , something massive
          struck the end of his line.



          The halibut stripped yard after yard of Pardi ' s 100 -pound-test line . But the 34 - year-old
          braced himself against the railing and steadily cranked.



          "He was glued to the gunwale ," said Kalke , a five-year captain who would soon witness the
          biggest halibut a client of his has ever caught.



          When the halibut surfaced , Kalke shot it with a slug , but it still took three gaffs and
          three anglers to haul the lunker onboard.



          Laying flat on the deck, everyone thought the fish was dead . Then it started thrashing and
          all six clients found a . safe corner to hide -- well all except Pardi.



          " Jump on it! Jump on it!" Kalke yelled to Pardi.



          He obeyed the captain ' s orders and gave the halibut a few good whacks.



          Once they reached the Homer harbor , they put the big fish on the ground and Pardi couldn't
          help but jump on the eight-foot halibut again . But this time, he gave it a giant hug.



          "I guess you'd say I was laying with the fishes ," he said . " Just like the Godfather."




         Interest develops in wood pellets for heat




         The Associated Press



          ( 07/10 / 08 01:17:36)



         FAIRBANKS -- A state forestry official says , he's fielded several inquiries from companies
         interested in producing wood pellets to be used for heat.
                                                        19




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0020631
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Doug Hanson , a Division of Forestry resource manager , said a forest inventory being
         conducted could help turn that idea into reality.



         The Fairbanks Economic Development Corporation helped secure funding for the inventory.



         Project manager Cassie Pinkel said the effort will help provide a sustainable supply of
         materials for businesses interested in energy projects including pellet plants.



         Pellet plants often are set up near mills with lots of waste wood.



         Pinkel also sees potential in black spruce, which could be culled from commercial harvest
         areas and clear-cuts.




         FAIRBANKS DAILY NEWS MINER




         Alaska political leaders say Cowdery should step down




         Steve Quinn/The Associated Press



         Published Thursday, July 10, 2008



         JUNEAU -- Calls for state Sen. John Cowdery to resign rang out shortly after he was
         indicted Thursday on federal bribery and conspiracy charges
         <http://media.newsminer.com/docs/cowdery_indict.pdf>



        Two of the loudest calls were made by members of Cowdery's own party, Republican Minority
        Leader Gene Therriault and Gov. Sarah Palin.



         Therriault, who leads a five-person minority caucus that does not include Cowdery,
         reiterated his long call for Cowdery's resignation.



         "This development adds to the complexity the Legislature faces to regain the public's
                                                      20




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020632
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          trust and confidence as we forge ahead in making one of the most important public policy
          decisions in the state ' s history ," Therriault said in a prepared statement.



          Lawmakers have just started their second consecutive special session on whether to approve
          TransCanada Corp .' s application for a license for the build a multibillion dollar natural
          gas pipeline line.



          Palin urged him to step down "for the good of the state."



          The charges Cowdery faces stem from alleged misdoing in 2006 - a time when such
          allegations would not have warranted attention from state authorities.



         It took sweeping ethics reform last year to close that legal loophole which previously
         made it perfectly legal for a lobbyist to offer a campaign contribution in exchange for a
         vote on a lobbyist ' s bill.



         "It's important that this loophole was closed ," said Rep. Les Gara, who ,        along with fellow
         Anchorage Democrat Rep. Harry Crawford , proposed the change.



          "This state can't rely on the federal government to come in and keep the state's house in
          order. We have to do this on our own as a sovereign state," Gara said.



         Cowdery was in Juneau for gas pipeline hearings on Wednesday afternoon , but checked out of
         his Juneau hotel room early Thursday morning and flew back to Anchorage . His first court
         hearing is scheduled Aug. 11.



         Sen. President Lyda Green, R-Wasilla, said people should not be quick to call for a
         resignation as Cowdery remains presumed innocent.



         "The Legislature should not prematurely step in and take any action that would alter
         flavor or prejudice on-anything that is ongoing ," said Green, whose majority coalition
         includes nine Democrats and six Republicans - including Cowdery.



         Cowdery, who is not seeking re-election, has fought various illnesses the last two years,
         missing large chunks of this year's regular legislative session.



         During his absence , Cowdery did step down from the powerful position of Rules Chairman.
         Sen. Gary Stevens , R-Kodiak, took over and yielded his majority leader post to Sen . Johnny
         Ellis , D-Anchorage.



         Cowdery returned to Juneau in time to vote on the most important bills such as education
         funding and the budget.

                                                       21




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0020633
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Green said she saw no reason for him to abstain from voting on the gas pipeline proposal
         or the energy relief bills being heard this month should he be in town to vote.



         "I see no connection (in the charges) to anything that is before us," Green said. "It
         doesn't help your health when you go through these things, this kind of scrutiny."



         The federal indictment did cause a stir in what are otherwise staid pipeline hearings.



         Lawmakers were seen passing around BlackBerry phones with news alerts announcing the
         indictment and later copies of the 16-page document.




         Denali president put in hot seat over natural gas pipeline commitment




         By Stefan Milkowski <http://www.newsminer.com/staff/stefan-milkowski/>



         Published Friday, July 11, 2008




         JUNEAU - Denali's commitment to its natural gas pipeline project and its willingness to
         accommodate the state's wishes were the two main issues Thursday when company president
         Bud Fackrell addressed state lawmakers.



                                                     22




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0020634
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The Legislature is considering whether or not to issue an exclusive state license to
         Canadian pipeline builder TransCanada under the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act. But North
         Slope producers ConocoPhillips and BP are pursuing their own project outside AGIA through
         a joint -venture called Denali - The Alaska Gas Pipeline.



         Lawmakers tried to gauge Denali's commitment to the project.



         "I don't have any comfort at all in the ads I see," said Rep. Carl Gatto , a Republican
         from Palmer . " They look good , but they have no substance to them. I want to see the action
         plan."



         Fackrell responded by saying he did have a plan . Denali plans to spend $40 million on
         field work this year and $600 million during the next few years to develop a detailed cost
         estimate and solicit shipping commitments from gas producers , he said.



         "I'm not asking you to trust us, I'm asking you to watch me ," he added . "We're not going
         to spend $600 million in three years for an advertising campaign."



         Lawmakers also questioned Fackrell about Denali's willingness to commit to the various
         "must-have " requirements spelled out in AGIA . BP and ConocoPhillips did not apply under
         AGIA and described the requirements as too restrictive.



         Fackrell said Denali would meet some of the requirements , including holding an open
         season , when the company will seek interest from shippers ; offering lower shipping rates
         in Alaska than in Canada ; and soliciting interest from gas producers in pipeline
         expansions every two years.



         He did not commit to voluntarily expanding the pipeline when there is sufficient interest
         or to using a financing mechanism required in AGIA aimed at keeping shipping tolls low.
         Even where Fackrell did commit , lawmakers questioned the nature of the promise.



         Sen. Kim Elton , a Democrat from Juneau, noted that Fackrell ' s verbal commitments weren't
         backed up by any kind of contract , as TransCanada ' s would be , and suggested the company
         put its commitments into its ads.



         Sen. Bill Wielechowski , an Anchorage Democrat , asked if Fackrell was willing to put its
         promises in writing , with penalties for breaking them.



         Fackrell responded by pointing to the work already underway and planned for the next few
         years , adding , " I have a project plan."



        At times , Fackrell deferred questions to Denali ' s parent companies . When asked about
        changes in the state ' s taxes and royalties sought in connection with the project , Fackrell

                                                       23




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0020635
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          said Denali would not seek concessions as a pipeline builder, but added that BP and
          ConocoPhillips would seek them as gas producers.



          Fackrell did not explicitly urge lawmakers to deny TransCanada a state license under AGIA,
          but expressed concerns that doing so could stall Denali's project and limit the state's
          ability to provide the necessary fiscal terms.



          He warned that backing TransCanada could jeopardize the pipeline project, but promised
          that Denali would push forward even if lawmakers approved the license.



          "We're committed to move forward," he said. "Whatever decision you make here, Denali will
          continue to go."



          Lawmakers offered different reactions to the testimony.



          Sen. Bert Stedman, a Republican from Sitka, said the presentation demonstrated Denali was
          a viable project and not a "flim-flam company put in place with alternative motives."



          Wielechowski, on the other hand, argued the Denali push amounted to "Conoco and BP's
          attempt to negotiate fiscal terms."



          He added that the commitments Fackrell refused to make were "some of the really critical
          ones ," such as voluntarily expanding the pipeline and using the financing structure called
          for in AGIA.



          Local lawmakers said the testimony didn't diminish their support for TransCanada's
          project.



          Rep. Mike Kelly, a Republican from Fairbanks, pointed to TransCanada's record of low
          tariffs and said he was convinced the producers were seeking control rather than the
          lowest cost pipeline.



          Sen. Gene Therriault, a North Pole Republican, said he was still concerned about producer
          control of the pipeline and the lack of firm commitments.



         "They didn't have to ask permission to start Denali and they won't have to ask our
         permission to stop it," he said.




         Alaska Alcoholic Beverage Control Board postpones Fairbanks liquor store decision


                                                       24




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020636
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         By Rebecca George <http:// www.newsminer .com/staff/rebecca- george/>



         Published Friday, July 11, 2008




         FAIRBANKS- The Alcoholic Beverage Control Board will postpone its decision to approve or
         deny a liquor license for Patrick Kohls' proposed Mighty Dollar liquor and grocery store
         planned for South Cushman Street.



         Kohis' liquor store and grocery was already denied a liquor license by the city of
         Fairbanks this past March when four council members - John Eberhart, Tonya Brown, Chad
         Roberts and Bernard Gatewood - declined a motion to waive the city's protest of a liquor
         license for Kohis.




         Fairbanks Mayor Terry Strle defended the council's decision to the ABC Board on Thursday
         morning.



         "The community spoke clearly that they don't want another liquor store in that part of
         town," Strle said.



         Police Chief Dan Hoffman and more than a dozen residents of South Fairbanks expressed
         their concerns at the March 24 City Council meeting saying they opposed the new store due
         to the existing heavy traffic of alcohol-related activity up and down South Cushman Street
         and the possible impact on the housing market in the neighborhood.



         Both Kohls and Larry Hackenmiller spoke in favor of another liquor store and grocery in
         South Fairbanks at the ABC Board meeting and said another liquor store wouldn't change the
         current chronic inebriate situation in town.



         Kohis said he got support from the local community for the addition of a grocery store in
         the area, but alcohol sales would be needed to support the business.



         "It's important that we understand this decision to the fullest, as vested community
         members' opinions should govern this, and we want to make a valid decision," said Shirley
         Gifford, ABC Board member.




                                                       25




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020637
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          JUNEAU EMPIRE



          ndustry's copper claims questioned



          Cruise line group's metal counts too high, water engineers say




          An element of the Alaska Cruise Association's argument for relaxed wastewater discharge
          regulations is based on numbers an industry watchdog calls misleading.



          If cruise lines want to dump wastewater into Alaska waters, they must comply with a slew
          of new limits on effluents by 2010.
                                           .The industry group has said it can't meet the limits
          for copper, nickel, zinc and cadmium, and has appealed.



          Copper has been a particularly sore point, because copper levels in port communities'
          drinking water are high - and that's drinking water the cruise ships buy and then have to
          filter before they discharge it.



          Under the permit, "cruise ships would be violating the permit were they to simply to take
          aboard and then discharge water that is deemed safe for consumption by residents of
          Juneau, Ketchikan,.Skagway, Haines and Sitka," according to a presentation made by Alaska
          Cruise Association president John Binkley in February.



          In a chart, Binkley presents copper levels in Southeast ports' drinking water, ranging
          between 237 and 879 parts per billion, and compares them to the wastewater standard cruise
          ships will have to meet by 2010: 3.1 parts per billion.



          Since cruise ships buy that drinking water from ports, that would mean they'd have to
          reduce the copper in the water by at least 99 percent.



         "You can't take a glass of tap water from a home onto a cruise ship and pour it
         overboard," Binkley said in an interview. "To me, that's unreasonable. Your drinking water
         does not meet that standard for copper."



         But while data is spotty, there may be a lot less copper in water going to cruise ships
         than Binkley's chart suggests, said water engineers at several ports.


                                                      26




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020638
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         "Data collected from the customer tap program is of no value with respect to cruise
         shipdischarge permitting ," said Tim Gladden , Skagway water superintendent . "Reviewing an
         informational document published by the Alaska Cruise Association , the residential values
         appear to have been used . The use of the wrong information in the chart is great for
         drama, however , of no relevance."



         That' s because the DEC readings Binkley cited measure the corrosion of local pipes, not
         the natural concentration of copper in the water cruise ships buy. DEC takes readings at
         houses with particularly old, corroded copper pipes after the water has sat in the pipes
         all night leaching copper. Readings have ranged since 1999 from 72 to 940 parts per
         billion at the most contaminated taps.



         But water engineers can also flush out the system and take a reading on water coming
         through those taps that hasn't had a chance to sit and leach copper . Those readings are
         likely to be closer to the natural level of copper in the water -and closer to the copper
         cruise ships are taking aboard , because the water ships buy comes through concrete, not
         copper pipes.



         The last flush reading for Ketchikan came in at 41 parts per billion, according to Dave
         Johnston , Ketchikan Public Utilities water division foreman.



         Gershon Cohen , an industry watchdog in Haines , said filtering from 41 to 3 doesn't seem
         like such a hardship.



          "That's very different from having to go from 878 to 3," said Cohen.



         Cohen co-wrote the ballot initiative voters passed in 2006 that required .DEC to issue the
         cruise ship ' s new permit , and he opposes the industry ' s appeal.



         In an e-mail to DEC officials, he wrote he was convinced "that ACA is grossly
         misrepresenting the situation to convince people they are being sold water that is
         extremely high in (copper)."



         The situation is echoed in Skagway , whose drinking water Binkley ' s chart lists at 700
         parts per billion . Gladden said the naturally occurring concentration of copper isn't
         measured often ; at the last sampling , in 2001, it was 119 parts per billion.



         Binkley said he knew the DEC water tests don ' t accurately portray the copper levels in the
         water that ends up on the cruise ships. He said cruise lines were now in the process of
         collecting data and so far only had "preliminary" results.



         Incidentally , none of the high copper values for port drinking water violate their own
         drinking water standard, which is much higher: 1,300 parts per billion.




                                                      27




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020639
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Wastewater copper limits are more stringent than drinking water ones for a good reason,
         said DEC water quality division chief Jim Powell. Fish are a lot more sensitive to copper
         than people are. As an example of why, Lowell said, new University of Washington studies
         have found that salmon homing devices are disoriented by trace amounts of copper in the
         water.



         DEC cruise ship program manager Denise Koch said she's interested in how much copper goes
         aboard cruise ships because it may affect what sort of technology the ships have to use to
         get it down to 3.1 parts per billion.



         But in one sense , it doesn't matter to DEC whether the copper going aboard is 940 parts
         per billion or 41..



         "The impact on the permit limit is this: The permit limit stays the same," she said.



         State legislator Rep. Max Gruenberg, D-Anchorage, was one of those targeted for persuasion
         on a cruise ship junket in mid-June.



         He saw the chart in Binkley's presentation, and gleaned that the cruise ship was being
         held to much more stringent standards than the port communities themselves.



         "If it's the case that it was too stringent to be reasonable, then I'd be willing to take
         a look at it (in the Legislature)," he said.



         But he did not know that even though the drinking water copper levels were much higher,
         they were within the limits for drinking water.



         Upon learning that, he said, "That's comparing apples to oranges ... I had no idea one was
         drinking water and the other was wastewater."



         "That takes the conversation to a different level," he said.




         Airport has new weapon to fight noxious weeds



        Aquatic weed harvester slices plants, off loads them on the pond's shore



         In the fight against weeds growing in the airport's pond used by floatplanes, the weeds
         came out on top in previous years.

                                                      28




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Airport manager Dave Palmer said staff tried herbicide, an underwater cable towed by a
         boat and a homemade rake deployed by a backhoe without much success.



         The unwelcome weeds can get tangled up in the steering controls of the float planes and
         they also attract unwanted water fowl near the planes, Palmer said. But they may have met
         their match in the airport's latest weapon in the war: a 20-year-old aquatic weed
         harvester.



         The harvester floats on a small barge and is powered by two paddle wheels. Its front looks
         somewhat like a bulldozer, with blades that slice up the weeds and a conveyer belt that
         sends them to the rear of the machine, to be offloaded on the pond's shore.



         One person sits on top of the machine to steer and control the machine's cutting blades.



         "It's not real complicated," said airport staffer Norman Hales as he was tying up the
         machine Thursday after unloading what looked like several pounds of weeds.



         Palmer said the machine is working far better than previous years' efforts to eradicate
         weeds in the pond.



         "It's satisfying. It's like mowing the lawn," he said. "You can see it coming up."



         The machine has been in use for about a month, Palmer said. He said the used machine cost
         $17,500, compared to $120,000 for a new one.



         Next year, construction plans call for dredging the pond, Palmer said. The two-year
         process will make the pond deeper, and Palmer said he hopes it will mean less weeds.



         But if there's still a need for the harvester, Palmer said he'll keep it around. If not,
         he said he plans to sell it.




                                                     29




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0020641
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

   i




         KETCHIKAN DAILY NEWS



         Borough, city discuss issues



         By LEILA KHEIRY



         Daily News Staff Writer



         While taking no action Wednesday evening, the Ketchikan City Council and Ketchikan Gateway
         Borough Assembly discussed a variety of topics and came to agreement on ways to move
         forward with some, including forming an advisory committee to help facilitate the planned
         new Ketchikan Public Library building.



         Public comment Wednesday focused on the library. Susan Fisher of the Friends of the
         Library citizen organization told the elected officials that a new library was long
         overdue in Ketchikan, and was a critical need for residents throughout the borough.



         She said obtaining state and private funding will require both government agencies to
         identify the library as a community priority.



         "We absolutely have to be together on this issue," she said.



         Fisher asked those in the audience at the Ted Ferry Civic Center who supported a new
         library to raise signs that read, "New library now," and at least a dozen people waved the
         small pink placards in the air. About three dozen people were in the audience Wednesday.



         Library employee Kelly Johnson also spoke, and specifically addressed the lack of program
         space, particularly for Ketchikan's youth. Johnson, who.works with the library's Teen
         Advisory Group, said a new library would allow Ketchikan to show teens they are valued
         members of the community.



         Susan Peters of the Downtown Steering Committee citizen organization reiterated the need
         for a new library located in the downtown area. She also supported future improvements at
         Ketchikan General Hospital, and said areawide support of that facility should continue.



         Peters added that the city and borough,need to work together to plan for Ketchikan's
         economic future. Some improvements have been made, she said, but "much work needs to be
         done yet."



         Another Downtown Steering Committee member, Todd Phillips, agreed with Peters and added
         that the community needed to focus on ways to attract more year-round business in the
                                                     30




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPOI_0020642
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         downtown area. He also pointed out that, while Ketchikan now has more cruise ship berth
         space than ever, the actual time ships spend in port is relatively short, which affects
         how much visitors spend here.



         The library was one of the issues on the agenda Wednesday, with the city asking whether
         and how the borough could contribute to funding the new building, estimated to cost
         between $10 million and $13 million.



         City Mayor Bob Weinstein said, "We're in a perfect position to move this project forward"
         if the two governments worked together.



         He suggested an advisory steering committee that would work directly with staff and the
         architects, with representatives from the Council, the Friends of the Library, citizens at
         large and Assembly members.



         The committee would "help guide the process so we can end up with a building ... that
         reflects the wishes of the entire community," even though the library, technically, is a
         city project, Weinstein said.



         He added that the state established a library building program to fund 50 percent of
         municipal library project costs. Although no money has been allocated to that program yet,
         he said, the sooner Ketchikan gets its request in, the better.



         Assembly Member John Harrington asked what method the borough could use to help with
         funding.



         Borough Attorney Scott Brandt-Erichsen said there were several options. The borough could
         provide an annual appropriation to the city, increase the nonareawide tax, or ask
         nonareawide borough voters - those who live outside city limits - to approve a bond. The
         latter two would not include Saxman, he said, but that community could participate through
         an intergovernmental agreement.



         Assembly Member Jim Shoemaker expressed concern about the cost of the proposed library,
         planned to be built on the former Main School site on Grant Street. He suggested the city
         consider renovating portions of White Cliff that will be available after the borough
         offices are complete. He said that would save money and could move the project forward
         more quickly.



         Assembly Member Dave Kiffer asked why White Cliff was rejected as a possible site earlier.



         Tim Whiteley of Welsh Whiteley Architects, the local firm working on the library project,
         said the floor structure of White Cliff would have to be reinforced to support the
         library's book collection, and the space available - about 16,000 square feet - would fall
         short of the current plan, which calls for a library between 23,000 and 27,000 square
         feet.


                                                      31




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020643
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Council Member Sam Bergeron said he was "intrigued " by Shoemaker ' s suggestion, and he
         hoped the Council would reconsider White Cliff as a more economical library site.



         Assembly Member Glen Thompson disagreed . He said the borough planned to move into White
         Cliff in January, and that would be delayed if White Cliff became a new option for the
         library. That delay would cost money, he said, and considering a new library site would
         set the library project back , as well.



         The two bodies also discussed funding for the upcoming KGH master plan, due in fall. The
         anticipated improvements in the plan, if implemented in full, are expected to cost about
         $50 million over 20 years, said City Manager Karl Amylon , and in light of Gov. Sarah
         Palin's recent veto of state money for the proposed surgical suite renovation, it's
         unclear whether state funding will be available.



         Amylon said the hospital serves everyone in the borough , so it was reasonable to ask
         residents areawide to contribute to its improvement projects . The city has proposed that
         the borough establish a 1 percent nonareawide sales tax dedicated to hospital maintenance
         and improvements.



         Thompson said one reason the proposed consolidation of the city and borough failed was
         that residents outside city limits didn't want their taxes to go up. However, he said, the
         hospital is an areawide concern and he wouldn't oppose placing such a question on the
         ballot.



         Bergeron said residents already have a high tax burden, and he didn ' t think there would be
         much support for another tax.



         Kiffer said that , obviously ,. the city needs money for the project , and asked what Bergeron
         suggested as an alternate solution.



         Bergeron said he didn't have an idea at that point, but limited funding means the city and
         borough should prioritize community projects.



         Also Wednesday , Amylon updated the elected officials on the city ' s planned Water Street
         sidewalk widening project, which has been delayed at least a year due to state Department
         of Transportation concerns over federal historic preservation regulations.



         Amylon said DOT officials told him the city needed to conduct a $60,000 study of Newtown
         before the project could move forward . He said he had scheduled a teleconference between
         his office , DOT and federal highway officials to clear up the issue.



         Kiffer , who is the executive director of Historic Ketchikan , said the city shouldn ' t blame
         the historic preservation regulations . DOT likely was misinterpreting the regulations to
         delay the project , he said, because the state agency was " clearly uninterested" in
         projects related to Tongass Highway. He offered his help to the city.

                                                       32




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020644
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Water Street is part of Tongass Highway, which is a state road.



           The two bodies briefly discussed ways to use the borough's portion of the state's cruise
           ship passenger tax, which can be used only for projects that directly relate to cruise
           ship visitors.



           Borough Planning Director Tom Williams said the funds could be used to pay for part of a
           downtown parking garage, because parking arguably has been affected by the cruise
           industry.



           Williams also detailed ongoing planning within city limits. Parking was a main point in
           his presentation, and Williams said adequate parking was needed for economic growth and
           public safety. He said he moved to Ketchikan in November, and quickly noted that parking
           in downtown was an issue.




           "I feel like I've partly funded the new library through my parking tickets," he said.



           Parking in Newtown also is needed, he said, and the borough has identified potential
           public parking space north of the tunnel next to the Keene and Currall office building,
           and behind First City Saloon. Even with that, he said, development of Berth IV could
           increase the need for parking in Newtown, so more planning is needed.



           The two bodies also briefly discussed a city request that the state transfer to the city
           ownership of uplands connected to Knudson Cove and Hole-in-the-Wall harbors, both outside
           of city limits. The state asked the borough to weigh in on the request, and Borough
           Manager Dan Bockhorst recommended that the Assembly approve it, as long as access
           easements were provided to private property owners next to the uplands.



           Thompson expressed concern that the transfer would create an "enclave" of city property
           far outside city limits. He said the tidelands belong to the borough, and, logically, the
           uplands should, as well.



           Borough Mayor Joe Williams said that might create a new issue.



           "I don't think we want to do that, because   (the city) may want us to manage the harbors,"
           he said.



           All the public harbors in Ketchikan formerly were managed by the state, but in the last
           few years, DOT transferred ownership to the city. The city initially resisted taking
           Knudson Cove and Hole-in-the-Wall, but eventually agreed to take the two harbors rather
           than allow them to shut down.



           Thompson asked whether the city would ask the borough take over the harbors if the
                                                        33




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020645
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Assembly didn't agree to the land transfer.



           Amylon said if the borough owned both the tidelands and the uplands , it would be logical
           for the borough to also run the two harbors.



           Council Member Dick Coose said he thought the borough should own the uplands, and
           Harrington agreed . Kiffer, however , said the . officials were "stepping off a mini cliff"
           and making an issue out of what should be a simple matter.



            "Why must we always open a can of worms that doesn't need to be opened ?" Kiffer said.



           Weinstein said he looked forward to hearing the Assembly ' s decision on the uplands
           question.



           During Council and Assembly comments, officials from both bodies agreed that another joint
           meeting should be scheduled . Coose suggested six months , Bergeron suggested sooner, and
           Mayor Williams suggested Oct. 9.



           The officials were asked to provide available dates so another joint meeting could be
           scheduled.



           School Board OKs contract




           By LYLE GOULDING




           Daily News Staff Writer




           A new contract for the Independent Maintenance Association and a report about water
           problems at Fawn Mountain Elementary School were two of the issues before the Ketchikan
           School Board at its regular meeting on Wednesday.



           The board approved a contract for the maintenance association , 5-2, which will give the 13
           members of the group a 4 percent salary increase during each of the next three years.
           Board members Carl Webb and Michael Fitzgerald voted no.
     i

           Webb expressed disappointment in the lack of random drug testing included in the contract.



           "We have electricians , plumbers , we have people who drive vehicles and use heavy
           equipment . As far as I know every ( Ketchikan Gateway ) Borough entity that has anyone
           dealing with any maintenance equipment all have a random drug testing program," Webb said.
           "I see it as for the safety of the district , to protect us. I see it as a safety measure
                                                         34




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020646
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         for the children in our schools. I am not in support of this (contract)."



         Webb also pointed out that a warning notice form in the contract included a warning for,
         among other things, "being under the influence of alcohol."



         Webb said that being under the influence should result in immediate termination.



         "I've been talking about alcohol and substance abuse in this community as much as I can
         and I just thi n k it' s t err ibl e th a t we are go i ng t o go i n t o an agr ee m ent with an entit y of
         this government that doesn't have a safety random testing program ," Webb said.



         The warning form would be handed out by an employee's supervisor when one of the
         violations occurred.



         During discussion of the motion, Fitzgerald agreed with Webb on the issue of drug testing.
         He added that the 12 percent increase, over three years, might be higher than the market
         in Ketchikan should allow.



         Board member Matt Olsen defended the raise, saying that percentage increases in some City
         of Ketchikan employees' salaries were much higher during their last rate adjustment.



         The contract with the maintenance association takes effect retroactively on July I and
         expires on June 30, 2011.



         Superintendent Robert Boyle spoke to the board about water-pressure issues causing
         problems at Fawn Mountain Elementary School.



         There isn't enough water pressure in the building to meet minimum fire code standards for
         a building with a sprinkler system.



         On Tuesday, Ketchikan Gateway Borough Assistant Manager Cynna Gubatayao sent a letter to
         Boyle outlining the problem.



         According to the letter, minimum standards are 1,500 gallons per minutes. Monday's flow at
         the school was 813 gallons per minute.



         The last time the building's pressure was checked, on Jan. 16, 2007, the flow was 2,127
         gallons per minute.



         Boyle said on Wednesday that the exact problem with the lessened flow had not been
         discovered, but the borough continued to work to find the solution.
                                                             35




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0020647
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The only scheduled activity in the school during the summer months is a summer library on
         Mondays and Wednesdays from 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Boyle said that program will continue,
         with increased rules in place.



         "They are allowed to continue that program as a long as we implement some precautions,"
         Boyle said. "Any suspicion of fire is not to be investigated, they are to call 911 or pull
         the alarm immediately."



         According to Gubatayao's letter, there was a fire watch at Fawn Mountain on Monday and
         Tuesday. Someone was at the building throughout the nights.



         Boyle said he didn't know whether the fire watch was continuing. South Tongass Volunteer
         Fire Department chief Scott Davis referred all questions to borough management when called
         for details Wednesday night.



         Borough Manager Dan Bockhorst said in a telephone interview Wednesday night that he didn't
         know whether the fire continued on Wednesday. He said fire officials were "appropriately
         concerned" with the issues surrounding the pressure problems.



         He said the borough would continue to quickly resolve the water pressure issues.



         "I am confident that we.are being responsible on this," Bockhorst said. "We're in the
         stage of trying to confirm that there is a problem and how to deal with it as quickly as
         we can."



         Boyle said the issue must be resolved before school begins in August.



         In other business the board unanimously approved:



         · An updated Internet acceptable use policy. The policy pertains to student and staff use
         of the Internet on district computers and Internet connections.



         · Establishment of an insurance committee among district employees in the first reading
         about the policy change. The committee will help allocate funds when the insurance reserve
         account is more than $400,000. The policy regarding the committee will be back before the
         board another time for final approval.



         · A memorandum of understanding with OceansAlaska Marine Science Center. The memorandum
         states that the district will endorse the center as a local partner in educating
         Ketchikan's youth.


                                                      36




                                                                                                    PRA_GSPOI 0020648
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The next regular meeting of the Ketchikan School Board      is set for July 23.




         KTUU




         Producer ' s pipeline plan under scrutiny in Juneau




         by Rebecca Palsha

         Thursday , July 10, 2008



         JUNEAU , Alaska -- Hearings on a natural gas pipeline continued in Juneau Thursday.



         Bud Fackrell , president of the Denali pipeline project, a joint venture between BP and
         Conoco Phillips , found himself on the hot seat for most of the morning.



         Lawmakers seemed skeptical about how serious the two oil giants are about the project.



         Fackrell insisted the companies are spending millions of dollars to make it a reality.



         Lawmakers also had questions about the company's initial approach.



         "Why did you not apply for a license under AGIA ?," said Rep. Bob Lynn, R-Anchorage . "Which
         one of those must -haves may have prevented you from applying under AGIA ? Why did Denali
         decide not to follow the state process approved by the Legislature?"



         "What they told me was under the terms of AGIA they did not believe it was a viable way to
         move the project forward," Fackrell said.
                                                       37




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020649
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          He says the company still does not have offices in Anchorage, although he says he hopes to
          nail that down any day now.




          Study connects campaign funds to victory




          by Jason Moore

          Thursday , July 10, 2008



          ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- An Alaska watchdog group says the latest corruption indictment
          provides yet another reason to support its Clean Elections legislation.



          The Alaska Public Interest Research Group sponsors ballot measure 3, which will appear on
          the August primary ballot.



          AKPIRG recently conducted a "Campaign Finance and Incumbency Study" and the results were
          made public Thursday.



          The study found that those lawmakers who raise the most money win in most instances.



          It also shows that once a candidate is elected to the Alaska Legislature it's tough to get
          them out of office even if the opponent is more qualified.



          The study covered data from 2000 through 2006.



          Former governor stands strong against AGIA

          by Jason Moore

          Thursday , July 10, 2008



         ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- In 2006, former Gov. Wally Rickel co-chaired Sarah Palin's campaign.



         On Thursday, he urged lawmakers to vote against Palin's pick for a gas line developer.


                                                       38




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 0020650
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Hickel says going with TransCanada and a pipeline through Canada would be a mistake.



          Hickel says he wants to see the state build and own an all-Alaska pipeline from Prudhoe
          Bay to Valdez, where it would export liquefied natural gas to the West Coast and Asia.



           The Palin administration says the pipeline through Canada is the best deal for Alaska. But
           Hickel hopes lawmakers vote otherwise..



          "You people got to believe that it's good. I go on the    street and people say, 'Well, that
          pipeline is going to cost so much money.' I don't care    if it costs a dollar or a thousand-
          billion we're going to make all kinds of money on that    pipeline," Hickel said. "It's like
          they said, don't build a Captain Cook Hotel, two rooms    is enough, three rooms is enough.
          You got to think big and it pays for itself."



           Officials with the Palin administration say they're disappointed Hickel isn't supporting
           TransCanada.



          News Minute: Here is the latest Alaska news from The Associated Press




          Associated Press - July 11, 2008 10:44 AM ET



          ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) - State Senator John Cowdery's lawyer says his client is innocent
          of bribery and conspiracy charges. Cowdery, an Anchorage Republican, has been indicted by
          a grand jury in the ongoing federal investigation of corruption in Alaska politics.
          Government attorneys say Cowdery conspired with former VECO Corp. executives to bribe an
          unnamed state senator for his vote for a new oil tax proposed in 2006.



          JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) - A cruise ship that went aground in Glacier Bay last week took on
          water while heading to Ketchikan for repairs. The Spirit of Glacier Bay was diverted to
          Wrangell for repairs. Divers and inspectors will look at the vessel today.



          WASHINGTON (AP) - House Democrats have reserved millions of dollars worth of television
          advertising in 31 congressional races in all corners of the country. The list includes 19
          seats currently in Republican hands, from Connecticut to Alaska, with two each in Ohio and
          New Mexico. In all, the documentation obtained by The Associated Press shows the DCCC has
          reserved nearly $35 million in advertising to begin in September and October.



          JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) - An executive for the Denali pipeline project says the venture is not
          a publicity stunt. Bud Fackrell is the executive for the joint venture by oil giants BP
          PLC and ConocoPhillips. Fackrell told state lawmakers yesterday (Thursday) that the
          project is the real deal. But some lawmakers aren't so sure and let him hear about it
          during legislative hearings on Gov. Sarah Palin's gas line proposal. Denali is a competing
          project to Palin's preferred choice: that proposed by TransCanada Corp. under the state's
          Alaska Gasline Inducement Act.
                                                         39




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020651
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          News Minute: No winds yet...Oil way up...Exports are too




          Associated Press - July 11, 2008 10:03 AM ET



          PARADISE, Calif. (AP) - There's an unexpected break for firefighters in the Sierra Nevada
          foothills of California. Some strong winds that were expected today haven't materialized
          yet. To the north, residents in the Spokane (spoh-KAN') Valley of Washington state have
          fled a fire that destroyed eight houses.



          DETROIT (AP) - Family members say the bodies of Army soldiers Sergeant Alex Jimenez-and
          Private Byron Fouty (FOW'-tee) have been found in Iraq. Those two and another who is
          already confirmed dead were kidnapped in May of last year after they were ambushed south
          of Baghdad.



          (AP) - Oil prices are spiking again to end the week, reaching nearly $147 a barrel today.
          Tensions in Iran and violence in Nigeria have helped ratchet up the price. The higher oil
          prices, along with troubles at mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, are sending
          stocks lower. The Dow lost more than 100 points in the first few minutes.



          WASHINGTON (AP) - The United States' trade deficit narrowed in May as exports climbed to
          all-time highs. The gap was down 1.2%, even though imports also reached record highs
          thanks in part to high oil prices. Forecasters were expecting the gap to widen.



          WASHINGTON (AP) - House Democrats plan to spend millions of dollars on television ads in
          31 congressional races scattered around the country this fall. The list of targets
          includes 19 seats that are currently held by Republicans.




          PENINSULA CLARION




          Cruise ships now handling trash 1 piece at a time


                                                       40




                                                                                                    PRA GSPOI_0020652
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          By PHIL HERMANEK Peninsula Clarion




          With one of its main focuses being the environment, the $1.35 billion cruise industry is
          now physically handling each and every piece of trash with an eye toward recycling,
          according to an Alaska Cruise Association executive.



          President John Binkley told Soldotna business leaders on Tuesday most of the waste
          generated on cruise ships plying Alaska waters is off-loaded in Vancouver, British
          Columbia, Canada, and "66 percent of the waste is recyclable."



          The three main focuses of the cruise industry in Alaska are economics, environment and
          community relations, Binkley said, and new, more stringent regulations make dropping
          garbage off the back of the ship a thing of the past.



          Binkley said cruise ship crew members now collect all the ship's trash, separate it as
          selectively as sorting out different colors of glass, and ready it for off-loading and
          recycling.



          Some innovative ways of handling cruise ship trash are now being sought after by
          municipalities, according to Binkley. One such device is a "bulb eater," he said,
          describing a program for safe disposal of fluorescent light bulbs.



          The tubes are inserted into a drum and hazardous chemicals including mercury are stripped
          from the tube as it is crushed. The glass can then be safely recycled, Binkley said.



          He also said waste water regulations passed in 2002 by the Alaska Legislature are "the
          most stringent regulations in the world."



          Following a $400 million investment, cruise ships now have "the best water treatment
          systems in the state," which enable ships to treat water to a level that it can be
          continually discharged.



          One measure of treated water quality is presence of fecal coliform, Binkley said.



          "Cruise ships are.held to 14 colonies of fecal coliform per milliliter," he said.



         As a comparison, he said the city of Kenai limit is 200 colonies per milliliter; in
         Soldotna it's 100; and in Seward, the limit is 50,000 colonies per milliliter.



          Binkley said cruise ships create far lower volumes of waste water than municipalities,
                                                       41




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020653
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          mainly due to the cost of purchasing the water from port cities and the cost of treating
          it.



          In terms of the amount of copper present in discharged water, Binkley said cruise ships
          are held to standards much more severe than municipalities.



          Interestingly , he said cruise ships in Alaska buy water from cities such as Ketchikan with
          a copper content of 878.47 parts per billion, but are not allowed to discharge water with
          more than 3.1 ppb.



          "What that means is, if I take a glass of drinking water and pour i t into the ocean from
          the ship, I'm doing something illegal," Binkley said.



          A former riverboat captain and gubernatorial candidate , Binkley said another of the
          association's focuses is economics.



          He said the industry employs 14 , 500 people in Alaska and generates $ 565 million in labor
          and $120 million in state revenue in addition to purchasing $4.3 million worth of Alaska
          seafood to serve to passengers in state.



          in 2007, the cruise industry directly spent $13.1 million in the Kenai Peninsula Borough.
          The 160,000 passengers who visited the borough spent $11 million and the cruise lines
          spent $2.1 million.



          To enhance the industry ' s economics as they pertain to Alaska , Binkley said efforts are
          being made to serve produce from the Matanuska -Susitna Valley on board cruise ships, and
          to get more businesses active with shore - side commerce.



          "We've produced a video to teach small businesses how to become more active ," Binkley
          said.



          The association will be conducting a ship environmental tour Aug. 22 , aboard the Radiance
          in Seward . Binkley invited Soldotna Chamber of Commerce members to sign up for the tour,
          which will give them a rare behind - the-scenes look at a ship's trash processing and
          recycling system.




          Nikiski fire station funds move ahead




          By Hal Spence I Peninsula Clarion


                                                        42




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020654
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         A state grant worth nearly $3.4 million targeting a project to build a new fire station in
         Nikiski cleared all but the last legislative hurdle at Tuesday's Kenai Peninsula Borough
         Assembly meeting.



         Ordinance 2008-19-01 was approved for introduction by the assembly and set for a public
         hearing on Aug. 5.



         Nikiski Fire Station No. 2 is 37 years old and inadequate for community emergency
         response, according to Nikiski Fire Service Chief James Baisden.



         "Renovation of the existing structure is cost prohibitive due to existing electrical and
         plumbing issues, such as water drainage, leaking roofs, and rotting structural supports,"
         he told the assembly in a memo June 26. "The original structure was built as a community
         center for Nikiski and was never designed or built to properly handle equipment and
         personnel to serve the community emergency medical and fire response needs."



         The borough requested the state funding and the Legislature included the $3.375 million in
         the FY 2009 capital budget signed by Gov. Sarah Palin on May 9.



         Capital Projects Director Kevin Lyon said Wednesday that the borough was looking at a
         couple of possible sites and.doing some preliminary environmental work on those. Once
         started, he said, the project would take about a year to complete both design and
         construction.



         Just when the project might proceed once the assembly acts to formally accept and
         appropriate the grant will depend on the outcome of another ordinance that would eliminate
         grant funds from the calculation of a project cost with regard to the $1 million spending
         cap that now prevents the assembly from approving expenditures in excess of that amount
         without a public vote.



         If that difficulty is addressed, design work could begin in August, Lyon said. If a public
         vote were required first, the delay would put the project well into the fall.



         The measure of concern is Ordinance 2008-17 (substitute), introduced by Assemblyman Gary
         Superman and Borough Mayor John Williams last month, which got the first of two public
         hearings Tuesday. The second is scheduled for Aug. 5.



         That ordinance would alter the effect of a 2005 citizen initiative that capped the amount
         the assembly could spend without a public vote at $1 million. It was backed by the
         Alliance of Concerned Taxpayers (ACT) and approved by voters by a narrow margin of 140
         votes. It also required a 60-percent majority approval by the electorate before the
         assembly could expend in excess of $1 million.



         The terms of the ballot measure made federal, state and other grant funds part of the $1
         million calculation. The new ordinance would eliminate grant funds from the $1 million
         calculation, meaning the cap would be applied only to borough funds.
                                                     43




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




     i
           Under state law, a successful initiative ordinance can be changed by assembly action after
           two years have passed since its approval by voters.



           The measure also would exclude grants from such other organizations as the Rasmussen
           Foundation, the Denali Commission and others, from future cap calculations. Another
           provision would increase the amount that could be spent without voter approval in the
           North Peninsula Recreation Service Area from $500,000 to $1 million.



           Ruby Denison, of Ninilchik, prime sponsor of the 2005 ballot measure , recently called the
           new ordinance a "creative accounting" method meant to circumvent the 2005 vote. Tuesday,
           ACT members James Price and Vicki Pate spoke against the new ordinance.



           Supporters of the measure testifying Tuesday included Ryan Smith, CEO of Central Peninsula
           General Hospital Inc., and Baisden.



           Superman , of Nikiski , said rising construction costs make the cap problematic for the
           borough, and the inclusion of grant funds in that calculation " significantly impairs the
           borough 's ability to receive grant funds for capital improvement projects."



           Requiring a costly, time-consuming public. vote to expend grant funds could delay projects,
           increase costs, and perhaps hamper legislative efforts to make grants in the first place,
           Superman said.



           "In my view, the best interest of the borough would be served by excluding grant funds
           from the code provision," he said.




           MAT-SU FRONTIERSMAN




                                                        44




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Fourth of July accident claims fourth victim



         By Andrew Wellner

         Frontiersman



         MAT-SU -- Alaska State Troopers said Thursday that the July 4 accident that claimed the
         lives of three Princess Lodge workers has claimed a fourth.



         According to spokeswoman Beth Ipsen, Matthew Holmes, 20, of Hudsonville, Michigan, died
         Wednesday night of his injuries.



         Holmes and Christopher Niles, 19, also of Hudsonville,     were the only two who survived the
         crash near Mile 131 Parks Highway in Trapper Creek.



         Holmes was taken to Providence Alaska Medical Center, after the crash, Niles to Alaska
         Native Medical Center.




         Nathan Pollard and Jerry Luzzi , both 21, of California , died on scene. William Bradley,
         also 21, of California , died on the way to the hospital.



         All five lodge workers were thrown from the red 2003 Infiniti as it rolled off the
         highway. None were wearing seatbelts.



         Troopers say they believe the group was heading from Talkeetna back to the Princess Mt.
         McKinley Lodge when the accident occurred. Troopers were called to respond at 8:33 p.m.



         Ipsen said troopers believe that alcohol was a factor in the crash, but only accounts that
         the men were seen partying at a Talkeetna-area park prior to the accident.



        New MEA board tightens reins



        By Andrew Wellner

        Frontiersman




        PALMER - Matanuska Electric Association has a new look to its board of directors and a
        new president.



        Lois Lester of Eagle River was elected without objection Tuesday by other board members to

                                                      45




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           loud applause from the audience. Valley resident Peter Burchell was seated for another
           term and Janet Kincaid replaced former board president Lee Jordan.



          Lester thanked the board for choosing her and said she would strive "to be true to the MEA
          members."



          Lester is serving her third term on the board , having been first elected in 2000.
          According to an MEA press release, sheds the longest - serving member on the board.



          Also chosen as officers were David Glines of Eagle River to serve as vice president and
          Burchell, a Wasilla resident, to serve as secretary/treasurer.



           The board elects its officers after each yearly election to serve one-year terms.



           Tuesday also saw the swearing in newly elected board member Kincaid and of Burchell to a
           new term. Both were elected March 1. Burchell and Glines thanked Jordan Tuesday for his
           years of service and lamented the fact that nobody had thought to prepare him a plaque or
           other recognition.



           The newly constituted board wasted no time in getting down to business.



          Lester had barely taken her position as president before proposing changes to the board's
          policies, the most striking of which seemed to ask utility General Manager Wayne Carmony.
          to take more direction from the board and exercise less discretion.



          The change wasn't universally welcomed.



          "I need to study this before I know how much I want to swallow," board member Larry
          DeVilbiss said.



          Glines agreed with DeVilbiss, saying he objected to moving forward with changes so
          quickly. The changes eventually passed with Glines and DeVilbiss in opposition.



          Next, Burchell took his turn, making a motion that the co-op's bylaw committee be
          dissolved and reconstituted. Under his proposal, sitting members who wish to remain on the
          committee would have to reapply.



          Burchell's motion stemmed from a dispute this last election cycle when Lester and others
          noticed that the co-op's bylaws say committee members serve three-year terms. By that
          measure, only one committee member has not seen her term expire.




                                                       46




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         "I don't think you guys should beat yourself up over this," Carmony said, noting that his
         reading of the rule is that a committee member sits until replaced and thus the current
         committee members, though most of their terms are expired, are still legally serving.



         "I think," Lester said of Burchell's motion, "it's just been something that's in his craw
         and he wants to get it out."



         Eventually the measure passed unanimously with Glines abstaining.



         Work near Windbreak generates questions



         By Andrew Wellner

         Frontiersman




         WASILLA - It seems Mayor Dianne M. Keller's comments at a recent city council meeting are
         making some residents take notice.




         Evidence of the rumor mill's effects were apparent last week. Deputy Chief Greg Wood with
         the Wasilla Police Department said people spotted a handful of Wasilla officers working on
         equipment on one of the department's communications towers near the Windbreak Cafe. An
         Anchorage officer contracted to Wasilla's communications company was also present.



         Since then, "We've had several calls here from people worried that we maybe did a raid at
         the Windbreak," Wood said.



         Similar calls were fielded at the Frontiersman this week.



         The comments he's referring to were made at a June 30 city council meeting in which Keller
         defended actions that led the council to call for her resignation regarding her dealings
         with Meritage Development LLC, a company working to develop two tracts of land close to
         the Windbreak. Addressing Annette Andres, owner of the Windbreak, Keller accused the cafe
         owner of making "degrading" statements about her. Andres had received a letter threatening
         eminent domain if she didn't cooperate with plans for nearby Sun Mountain Avenue. The
         letters prompted the investigation. Keller has said from the start she was reacting to
         safety concerns regarding the road.



        Keller said that if she were the type of person Andres thought she was, she would have
        directed Wasilla police officers to run breathalyzer checks on anyone exiting the cafe,
        but she didn't.



        Calls to the restaurant turned up no sign of a raid and attempts to reach the cafe's
        owners were not successful as of press time.


                                                        47




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020659
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Officers conducting the maintenance work were not on Windbreak property , Wood said, adding
          the work had absolutely nothing to do with the cafe.



          "We were working on some equipment out there and that's it," Wood said. "This stems, I
          believe, from the mayor ' s comments."



          Wood said it's likely Keller's comments , which may have been taken out of context and
          sprinkled with a little imagination from Wasilla residents , have been spun through the
          local rumor mill, turning a maintenance call into something more sinister in the minds of
          some.



          "We don't do business that way and we're going to continue to abide by the laws ourselves
          and continue to do right by the community ," Wood said.



          Since that June 30 meeting , Woods said he doesn't believe police have fielded any calls
          for service from the restaurant.



          " If we do have a call we ' ll respond and deal with it like we normally do," Wood said.



                                                 WALL STREET JOURNAL




          Democrats Counter Republicans

          With a New Alaska-Oil Plan




          By SIOBHAN HUGHES

          July 11, 2008; Page A3



         WASHINGTON -- House Democrats moved Thursday to counter a Republican push for more
         domestic drilling with a proposal that would increase oil production from areas of Alaska
         already open to drilling.



          In recent weeks as the public outcry over high gasoline prices has built , Republicans in
         Washington have positioned themselves as champions of increased domestic energy
         production . Fearful of appearing obstructionist , Democrats are jostling to get in front of
         the issue.



         "Democrats support increasing the domestic production of petroleum and other energy
                                                        48




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020660
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          resources," House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer (D., Md.) said Thursday.



          The issue cuts both ways for Democrats. They don't want to alienate environmental-minded
          supporters who are against additional drilling, but they don't want to cede the issue of
          increasing oil supplies to the Republicans.



          With gasoline prices at a record-high $4.11 a gallon on average across the nation last
          week, Americans are growing eager for action. A Rasmussen Reports survey in June showed
          67% of Americans support deepwater energy exploration -- with 64% expecting it will lower
          gas prices -- while a CNN poll published last week showed 73% of Americans favor more
          exploration of deep ocean energy resources far off U.S. shores.



          Republicans have repeatedly accused Democrats of failing to increase supplies. Republicans
          have pushed for increased drilling off the coast and in environmentally sensitive areas
          such as the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.



          The Democrats' plan would speed up production in the National Petroleum Reserve, an area
          in Alaska already approved for drilling but where so far much of the land hasn't been
          leased. "This administration has been dragging its feet on leasing those areas," Mr. Hoyer
          said.



          Currently, five companies -- ConocoPhillips, BP PLC, Anadarko Petroleum Corp., Total SA
          and FEX LP -- have drilled in the area. The Bureau of Land Management has been selling
          leases roughly once.every two years. The result is that only 26 wells have been completed
          in an area that Democrats estimate could ultimately produce about 10.6 billion barrels of
          oil.



         Ruth McCoard, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Land Management, said the government isn't
         obligated to stick to a two-year schedule for offering leases in the National Petroleum
         Reserve, but "it's just the way it has actually fallen." She said the schedule "depends on
         when we can actually offer those lands. We're having a lot of land-use planning going on."



         Under the Democratic proposal, the Bureau of Land Management would be required to offer
         leases annually. Because oil companies are already active in the area, oil could
         potentially be produced more quickly than in other areas recently proposed for new
         exploration, such as off the coast of Florida in the Gulf of Mexico.



         Democrats are also considering ways to encourage the construction of both an oil and a
         natural-gas pipeline to speed delivery from Alaska to the lower 48 states. One option: the
         oil pipeline could potentially link up with the Trans-Alaskan Pipeline, which delivers oil
         from Prudhoe Bay.



         The construction of a natural-gas pipeline, which is expected to cost more than $30
         billion, is a hot topic in Alaska. Companies have floated two major proposals since the
         beginning of the year, although both have significant hurdles to clear. Construction of an
         oil pipeline hasn't been widely discussed until the Democratic proposal Thursday.




                                                      49




                                                                                                    PRA GSP0I_0020661
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Currently, oil from Alaska's North Slope travels down a pipeline built in the 1970s to the
           port of Valdez, where it is put on tankers and ferried to the West Coast and other
           destinations. Oil production in the North Slope has been declining in recent years,
           creating ample capacity on the pipeline for new sources of oil to be carried to market.




            OTHER PAPERS




            Letters to the Editor/Opinion




           ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS



            (Letters to the Editor/Opinion)



           Alternative energy key to Alaska's future




           STEVE HAYCOX

           COMMENT



            (07/11/ 08 00 :27:23)



           It would be remarkable if Warren Buffett were to solve America's energy problem, and
           Alaska's. It would be remarkable because Buffett pulled out of Alaska's gas line
           sweepstakes even before the real contest began. Yet Buffett is a person who thinks "big"
           and clearly; he wants to free America from dependence on foreign oil, not by more drilling
                                                        50




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020662
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          but by getting serious about alternative energy.



          Buffett has been pushing wind-generated power for most of the past decade, and he's
          beginning to get results. Just last month, one of his companies signed an agreement,
          approved by the requisite government bodies, to bring to 800 turbines a giant wind-
          generator farm at Walnut, Iowa, between Des Moines and Omaha. The power will boost the
          percentage of Des Moines power consumption provided by wind. There are now giant wind
          farms all across the American Great Plains, from North Dakota (near Edgeley) to Texas (on
          King Mountain, near McCamey). There are several in Iowa, a new one being built in Kansas
           (near Montezuma), and in Minnesota (near Pipestone), among others. The wind that drove the
          "dust bowl" is fast blowing in a new U.S. energy era.



           Gov. Palin's approval of $25 million of state oil revenue for transmission lines from the
           CIRI project on Fire Island, which involves Chugach Electric, ML&P, Homer Electric and
           Golden Valley Electric, should be seen as a mere beginning. Thirty-three turbines there
           can generate 100 megawatts of power, 25 percent of Anchorage's current expenditure.
           Buffett's new Iowa project will generate 310 megawatts.



           Paul Jenkins, Arliss Sturgulewski and Gail Phillips have recently called for new, bold
           thinking about Alaska's future. They point out that we have had big ideas in the past but
           have sometimes lacked visionary leadership and often big money. Now we have some money,
           and they hope for the vision. Sturgulewski and Phillips call for the development of
           comprehensive policies on energy and transportation. So far, so good.



           But we need to think farther than a road to Nome and more creatively than the development
           of Arctic coal. Buffett understands that we cannot solve our energy crisis with fossil
           fuels alone. So do others.



          Elizabeth Kolbert, who has written cogently for New Yorker magazine about the melting of
          Arctic sea ice and the impact of global warming on Alaska, recently described a number of
          alternative energy projects in Denmark and other European countries. In addition to wind
          power, there are experiments in biomass burning, heat-recovery systems, extra-thick
          insulation,, multi-use solar panels and others. All of these required not just money, but
          overcoming the natural conservatism of ordinary citizens who'd always done things the same
          way. What that took, Kolbert chronicled, was finding a few people willing to step out and
          take the lead instead of waiting for their neighbors to make the first move. It took the
          courage to be different.



          Alaska should be filled with such people. Residing on the "last frontier," and not giving
          "a damn how they do it Outside," are phrases meant to capture some of Alaska's uniqueness.
          For non-Native Alaskans, living over a thousand miles north of the rest of the country in
          a land not yet fully developed, itself suggests a willingness to be labeled "different."
          For Native Alaskans, taking pride in Native heritage and living, even part of the time, in
          remote villages and participating in subsistence harvesting of resources are powerful
          statements of positive difference. Thinking, and acting, non-conventionally ought to be
          second nature to Alaskans.



          But realizing new ideas takes something more than just the courage to be different; it
          takes creative thinking. Many of the energy-efficient ideas Kolbert observed had been
          worked out in universities and research institutes. Alaskans should put a substantial
          portion of the "new" money from high oil prices into the state university, equitably
          distributed. Very often, though hardly exclusively, innovative, non-conventional
          approaches to persistent challenges come from researchers who have the time, incentive and
                                                       51




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020663
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          encouragement to think big , and to think freely , without the constraint of specifically
          directed contracts.



          Jenkins , Sturgulewski and Phillips are right in urging Alaskans to think big and
          innovatively . Buffett is right in pushing alternative energies that can be made cost
          effective . Alaska would be right to take heed.



          Letters to the editor (7/11/08)



           (07/11/08 00:27:24)



          It's time to show us the money



          Push the button! Mail the energy relief checks. The $1,200 or more should be paid
          immediately to Alaskans.



          The longer government waits , the higher the cost of heating oil rises . Do legislators
          fathom how the cost of heating oil hurts people? The committees and hearings are dental
          floss on a broken jaw. Our high electric costs, water rates and property taxes are a
          crime. That money gushing through Juneau belongs to Alaskans.



          Residents are frustrated and depressed , anxious and angry. it's a ripple effect: less
          money to spend, businesses suffer. It ' s ridiculous that our money remains beneath the.
          desks of legislators sipping martinis and playing the party game.



          Alaska retirees can burn their houses down to stay warm or leave. Alaska residents and
          their children are our immediate investment . Push the button!



          Parents don ' t want to take their children from this wonderful community -- but little
          choice is left. Twenty-five -hundred dollars to fill a 500 - gallon tank, and billions
          sitting in banks and markets making billionaires richer. Shameful.



          Certainly we need to invest in development . But first , help people . It's their money. If I
          directed funding I would send $ 5,000 to each resident , millions to each community so towns
          and villages could start on an even keel.



          Juneau, local representatives , Gov. Palin , send the checks , push the button.



          -- J. Claude Cruikshank



          Fairbanks
                                                        52




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020664
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Have dignity; resist giveaways



         An Anchorage Daily News editorial announces that Alaskans are now asking for help in the
         way of direct grants for weatherization and subsidies for energy consumption.



         When did we all become wards of the government and unable to provide for ourselves? All
         families with incomes of less than $ 78,000 per year now qualify as indigents?



         We are forced to depend on government for basic shelter?



         How many of you are going to sign up . for this freebie and surrender your sense of
         individual self - reliance and dignity?



         Don't you think we could provide for ourselves if the municipality was not extorting
         approximately $ 5,000 per year in taxes for each home in Anchorage?



         Wake up, Alaskans . A government large enough to give you everything you want is also big
         enough to take away everything that you have earned.



         Bob Dylan put it in prose: "Steal a little and they throw you in jail , steal a lot and
         they make you King" ( a legislator , mayor ...).



         How many of you have the decency to resist goodies taken by force from someone else and
         offered to you?



         -- David Biesemeyer



         Anchorage



         Some ideas were rotten apples



         We have all seen the bumper sticker asking God for another oil boom, promising this time
         we won ' t **** it away . Alaska will need an updated version if state leaders follow the
         advice of former legislators Gail Phillips and Arliss Sturgulewski to "revisit big, bold
         ideas of the past " ( July 3 Compass ). Many of the big-spender ideas that were undertaken
         before didn ' t live up to their lofty promises. Examples include the Delta Barley Project
         and the Healy Clean Coal Project . Some "big ideas such as the Susitna Dam" were so bloated
         that even with political pork there wasn't enough funding to begin . The thread running
         through many of these failures is that the project was based on political whims and
         decisions , not solid feasibility analysis.
                                                      53




                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0020665
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Certainly , not all big ideas from the past were losers. Creating the Permanent Fund, which
          converts nonrenewable resource wealth into renewable financial wealth, and AHFC, which
          corrects market imperfections in Alaska ' s banking sector , were fundamentally sound ideas
          that have been well managed and successful.



          Alaska's future is faced     with . global complexities . What we need to wind our way through is
          not political Pollyanna ,    but prudent leaders who have the skills to spot the rotten apple
          and the courage to pluck     it from our barrel of ideas. Regardless of how well it's
          polished , a rotten apple    never tastes very good.



          -- George Matz



          Fritz Creek



          Read checklist before marrying



          Holy cow! A checklist for being happy in marriage ! Where was this article when I was
          getting married for the first time ... or the second . .. or the third . Reading the
          "choosy" article by Maureen Dowd made me laugh out loud. It also made me gasp in
          disbelief . Here was a list of every goofball decision I ever made about "love " and/or
          marriage ( not that my parents / family / friends didn ' t try to educate me!). I'm relatively
          sure that if I had been required to sign a copy of the article saying that I had read and
          understood, I might have made some different choices. No, I wouldn't ; I was "in love." Of
          coure , if the exes had read the same article and measured me, none of us would have become
          statistics . Ah, hindsight ...



          I'd sign this with all my married names, but wouldn't want to embarrass any of the fine
          gentlemen that I tied my star to, bless their hearts.



          Seriously , thanks for publishing the column . If it saves someone the heartache of a bad
          marriage or a nasty divorce , then the ADN has contributed something useful. In the
          meantime , in my case, here's hoping that with age comes some wisdom . I'm bronzing it, in
          case I ever get the urge again. Eek.



          -- Lynn Sutton



          Anchorage



          Bears aren ' t our only hazards



          As I read Mr . Yonkin's letter "Bears don't belong in the city," I wondered why the debate
          on bears always seems to be an "us or them" argument . We live in a place where bears exist
                                                        54




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0020666
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         very close to humans without trouble the vast majority of the time.



         When someone gets hurt or killed, some of us cry, "Get rid of those bears!" But children
         and adults both are hurt and killed in car accidents many times more than anyone is hurt
         by a bear. Why don't we cry, "Get rid of those cars"? Cars are a hazard of living in the
         city.



         We choose to live with many things that are hazardous every day without giving them much
         thought. If you choose to live in Alaska, you have chosen to live on the edge of a
         wilderness where bear encounters are a possibility. Whatever the hazard, reasonable
         precautions should be taken, with the knowledge that sometimes they may not be enough.



         -- Cynthia L. Lyons



         Anchorage



         Kill the bears and more will come



         Nature abhors a vacuum. If a concerted effort is made to kill all the bears in the
         Anchorage area, others will come to fill the void. Then what? Kill more bears. These bear
         killers gripe and groan and expound illogical ideas. But they offer no reasonable or even
         thoughtful solutions. They just run off at the mouth.



         Would these bear killers rather make Anchorage a gated city? Erect a 15-foot-high fence
         all around the city with gates on the highways for cars. That will keep the nasty bears
         away and slow down traffic. And probably cost multi-million dollars in increased taxes
         (the homeowners would love that).



         I have been up close and personal with several bear maulings. They are not pretty. I live
         in bear country. I approach each step outside my door with bear awareness. These bear
         killers need to get a grip on life. If not, get your pacifier and curl up in a corner with
         your favorite blankie.



         -- Phil Weber, EMT




        Cooper Landing




        Professor shows his ignorance



        Dr. Randall J. Gee, professor emeritus, Cleveland State University, is certainly entitled
        to the opinions enthusiastically expressed in his recent letter regarding the sporting and
        culinary values of northern pike -- no matter how much his notions reflect a bland,
        peculiarly Midwestern aesthetic that is the equivalent of a boneless, skinless, boiled
                                                     55




                                                                                                  P RAGS P01 _0020667
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          breast of chicken with mayo on white bread.



          It should be pointed out however, that despite his seemingly impressive professional
          credentials, and the fact he presents himself as an avid sport fisherman, Dr. Gee's
          factual knowledge of Alaska's fisheries resources is woefully deficient. Dr. Gee might be
          surprised to learn that contrary to his assertion that the rainbow trout "is not native to
          Alaska," it is, in fact, a naturally occurring (that is to say "native") species. found
          across extensive regions of not only Alaska, but the broader Pacific Rim. In Alaska,
          resident and anadromous populations of rainbow trout are found from the Panhandle in the
          Southeast to Kuskokwim Bay in the southwest and are indigenous to numerous drainages in
          between.



          It is ironic that while Dr.      Gee views ADF&G efforts to eradicate the pike from the
          Alexander Lake/Creek system      as "criminal," the pike fishing he has enjoyed there is almost
          certainly the direct result      of an actual criminal act: that is, the unauthorized, illegal
          transplantation of northern      pike to the system.



          n         Mike Cooney




          FAIRBANKS NEWS MINER




           (Letters to the Editor/Opinion)




          Energy options




          In-state gas pipeline question




          Published Friday, July 11, 2008



          Alaskans need to see a rational business plan before the state goes any farther with the
          undefined "partnership" on an in-state gas pipeline.
                                                           56




                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0020668
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The news conference announcing the "partnership " Monday was premature , at best. The
         confusing mix of contradictory claims and perceptions needs to be dealt with immediately
         by the Palin administration to present a clearer picture to the public.



         The state and the parties should have worked out some of the key details before announcing
         a partnership that so far seems to exist in name only.



         Enstar is studying a pipeline along the Parks Highway from Anchorage north to Fairbanks
         and to the North Slope. The Alaska Natural Gas Development Authority wants to build a spur
         line from Delta to Anchorage via the Richardson and Glenn highways.



         At the news conference , the Palin administration said the Richardson and Glenn route is
         the preferred alternative . But Enstar and ANGDA do not appear to be in sync on this.



         ANGDA wants $25 million of state money to study building a line from Delta to
         Southcentral. It is talking about building a plastic pipe from Delta to Fairbanks - that
         line would possibly carry gas from Cook Inlet to Fairbanks.



         We need to see a stronger case for the Richardson-Glenn route other than ANGDA's continual
         promotion of that option.



         Likewise, we need to learn if the Parks Highway route might be less expensive and
         therefore require less of a state subsidy.



          It's not right to risk state resources based on a . series of "ifs " and "maybes."



         For starters, the proponents need to reach consensus on where the gas for this pipeline
         would be coming from, who would pay for it and how much of a subsidy will be required.



         We need a much broader discussion.



         The big motivation is how to get lower-priced energy in the Interior. There are many ways
         to do this . At a time when we have a temporary abundance . of cash, we cannot abandon the
         normal restrictions that reduce the chance of entering into agreements that are not the
         best use of our resources.



         We need to consider whether subsidizing a multi-billion dollar pipeline is superior to,
         say, building the Susitna hydroelectric project or selling royalty oil at a lower price.




                                                        57




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0020669
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          As to whether the gas for this pipeline would come from Cook Inlet or the North Slope
          foothills, that should be nailed down before anyone starts building a pipeline.



          It's not.enough for the state to speculate that building a pipeline from Anchorage to
          Fairbanks will somehow unleash an immediate and successful exploratory boom that will
          allow new supplies of Cook Inlet gas to be flowing into Fairbanks in 2013.



          It's also not enough to say we can build a pipeline from Anchorage to Fairbanks and if, by
          2013, new Cook Inlet reserves are not on line, then we'll spend more billions to go to the
          North Slope.



          That doesn't strike us as a business plan. It strikes us as a concept that needs more
          work.




          Not feeling rich




          John Lawrence, North Pole




          Published Friday, July 11, 2008




          July 6, 2008




          To the editor:



         So the state has made a cool $10 billion this year on oil. Way to go state! Yes, that is
         billion with a B.



          That's nice, but correct me if I am wrong - I was led to believe that we, the residents
          of Alaska, were the state. With that in mind, I really don't feel much like a billionaire.
          No, I just scratch my head and try to figure out how to pay all these inflated prices for
          utilities, food, gasoline and diesel and anything else I need to survive in the Interior
          of Alaska.



         All this time our "elected officials" are slobbering over this vast amount of money the
         state has made trying to figure out just how to.spend it.



         I have a novel idea. Put some of it back into the pockets of the residents. Why not take
         our oil and run it through the refinery. Yes, the one right here in North Pole. At that

                                                       58




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020670
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          point, the refinery fees would be added along with the state tax (yes, keep the state fuel
          tax intact) and the federal taxes then we would have a product for a price we could
          afford. In turn, the entire economy for the state of Alaska would take an enormous leap
          ahead. Yep, it is too simple. No bunch of politicians could ever agree on anything that
          simple that would only help the people and not the politicians. What was I thinking ... ?




           JUNEAU EMPIRE




           (Letters to the Editor/Opinion)



           Crabby over fishing regulations




           The Empire's recent picture of dungeness crab being caught by commercial operators has now
           impacted my household.



           I have been fishing crab for more than 20 years in my 14-foot skiff and most recently in
           my newer aluminum boat. I have had to travel farther and farther (now more than five miles
           to set my three pots) and use galvanic timed releases to deter crab theft.



           Now, this season my favorite cove (which you can just about throw a rock across), was
           overwhelmed by a commercial boat from Petersburg with 15 commercial pots. My last crab
           catch was seven keepers - and I used three gallons of gas.



           The Department of Fish and Game says to complain to the Board of Fish. They meet in
           January every year. Oh, by the way, the deadline for complaints and appeals is in April!
           So, I guess it's a two-year deal if anything can be done.

                                                        59




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020671
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          It's too bad fish and game, with all its staff and stats, isn't more pro-active. Or maybe
          it should be that the Board of Fish should be more pro-active.



          The part that really miffs me is when the fish and game guy in Juneau said it wouldn't
          matter if there were a million pots in the Northern Lynn Canal, the Board of Fish has
          regulatory power to limit the commercial guys.



          Well, I guess I had better savor what is left. From the way it's going, there'll be no
          more dungeness in Haines, just like the king salmon fishing was decimated here, and the
          king crab in Juneau, and the shrimp in Taiya Inlet. I guess that's what we should expect,
          being the last ones on the totem (Lynn Canal).



          The commercial decimation continues in Icy Straits, Excursion Inlet and the like. Before
          fish and game has nothing left to manage , maybe we should put it in charge of the
          mosquitoes! Cheers!



          Norm Smith




          My turn: SEACC victory likely to be overturned




          A few months ago, I predicted on this page that the D.S. Supreme Court wouldn't hear
          Southeast Alaska Conservation Council's lawsuit against the Kensington Mine. Was I ever
          wrong - and that's good. Now, if I have an ounce of credibility left at reading judicial
          tealeaves, I will venture that Coeur has all but won its case.



          Here's what Juneau people should know. It takes four justices of the Supreme Court to
          accept a case for review - and justices almost never vote for review unless they think a
          decision should be reversed. It only takes five Justices to reverse and the court reverses
          90 percent of 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals cases it hears. In addition, the court
          almost never hears a case where the federal government is the primary party and argues
          against review - as happened here. Something is going on, and that something is an almost
          certain reversal of SEACC's victory. That's a very good thing.



         It's a good thing because SEACC never really had a point to make. They never advocated
         anything to help the environment - in fact what they pushed was environmentally
         detrimental. They just wanted to stop a mine and get a win. After all, without winning,
         SEACC is nothing.


                                                      60




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0020672
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          SEACC's legal case argued that a mine couldn't convert "waters of the United States"
          directly into a tailings disposal facility. Waters of the United States include lakes and
          wetlands. And tailings facilities include dry tailings and tailings ponds. Of course
          SEACC's phony public fagade was that dry tailings on wetlands were OK - even while their
          lawyers were making the opposite case in court. What they really wanted was the power to
          say yea or nay to mining proposals. Baloney. They aren't the government.



          SEACC dishonestly claimed to the people of Juneau and Alaska that Coeur's proposal was
          reversal of past practice - a change that allowed a mine to just dump waste into a
          pristine lake with no controls and a throwback to the bad old days. The Supreme Court
          heard otherwise. Both Red Dog and Fort Knox had been permitted to do what SEACC said was
          never done - convert waters of the United States into a tailings pond. Pogo, Greens Creek,
          and Rock Creek had avoided the problem by carefully converting the waters of the United
          States into "uplands" before placing their tailings. This was expensive, but it avoided
          the phony legal pitfall that SEACC had raised. Coeur could have done the same thing at
          Lower Slate Lake. In the end, SEACC's case was really just about raising mining company
          costs and promoting SEACC.



          While I may disparage SEACC's crusade against Kensington, Coeur has not. That, apparently,
          would be too messy. Or they may think the facts are too complicated for ordinary people to
          understand. I don't think they are. Most people can appreciate the difference between a
          "mount garbage" and a facility that looks like a lake. I think it's worth knowing that a
          water discharge permit with stringent standards was required and issued for discharge from
          the treatment facility. The idea that Coeur was just dumping waste shouldn't have been
          allowed to stand.



          Andpeople really needed to know that most of the damage of construction of the Lower
          Slate Lake facility has already taken place. SEACC posted the pictures on its Web page,
          but Coeur's lawyers argued to the 9th Circuit that area was all but pristine. One would
          have expected the opposite. What sense is there in digging up a new area for the paste
          tailings when the Slate Lake area has already been clear-cut and dug up?



          In the end, Coeur has a great case to make for its Lower Slate Lake facility. If, as
          expected, the Supreme Court upholds the permit, the result will be good for the mine and
          good for the environment. Juneau needs to know this. We shouldn't be left with the idea
          that the Supreme Court is ramming something bad down our throats.



          But let me make one last prediction. Coeur won't make its case to the public. Too bad. The
          supreme Court isn't going to do anything more than uphold sensible law and worthy past
          practice. This is something Juneau should support.



          · Eric Twelker is a Juneau attorney and geologist.




          Alaska editorial: Buy Alaska Grown




                                                      61




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0020673
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Should it matter to you if the peas on your dinner table came from Alaska or California?
            Is buying locally worth a few extra cents here and there?



            We think supporting our Alaska farmers isn't just sensible. It isn't just the right thing
      {     to do. We see it as a way to grow a green Alaska that is less vulnerable to food security
            i ssues, l ess d epen d ent on i mporte d f oo d an d l ess d e t ac h e d f rom th e sources o f i ts f oo d .



            With Alaska's fresh bounty reaching area farmers' markets, vegetable stands and local
            retailers, today is a good day to make a personal commitment to buy Alaska Grown.



            Lettuce, crisp bunches of radishes and the succulent green, leafy crops have been a hit at
            the farmers' markets for a few weeks. Zucchini, cucumbers, tomatoes and strawberries - and
            an ever-lengthening parade of enticing crops - are available now, too. Even as summer
            gives way to fall and fall to you-know-what, Alaska potatoes and carrots remain available.



            Buy Alaska Grown and you are buying from your neighbors, who picked the crops from their
            own fields. Many grow their crops naturally without chemicals and pesticides. Each of them
            will answer your questions about their commitment to raising produce that is Alaska Grown.



           Alaska has its own fresh milk with an expanding line of dairy products expected soon.
           There are sources of Alaska meats, goat cheese, eggs, birch syrup, herbs, honey, oils,
           jams and jellies. Then there are the nonfood products - yarns, soaps, nutraseuticals,
           flowers, biodiesel, etc. It's a long list. The state's new Food and Farm Products
           Directory is an Excel file downloadable and filterable from the Division of Agriculture
           Web site, http://www.dnr.stite.ak.us/ag.



            Buying local foods mean you get better nutrient content, fresher product and you've spared
            the environment the impact of thousands of miles of transportation.



           We are proud to support our Valley and our state in many ways. Like shopping locally,
           buying Alaska Grown just makes sense.



           What better way to celebrate our Valley's agricultural heritage than to support the
           farming industry?



           Alaska editorial: Iditarod needs help



           T he Iditarod attracts the top dogs. Among those signing up last week for the 2009
           Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race were five winners of the event, including 2008 champion Lance
           Mackey. Overall, 68 hopeful mushers pledged to brave the grueling 1,100-mile sled dog race
           in an event at Wasilla's Iditarod headquarters.
                                                                  62




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020674
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             A longtime international draw for the Mat-Su Valley, the Iditarod continues to be a strong
             event that generates tourism and interest in Alaska and our local communities . Not only
             does the Iditarod generate worldwide media coverage at its Anchorage ceremonial start and
             the Valley restart, hosting an off - season sign -up blowout keeps more year - round attention
             on the race.



             That next year's competitors seem willing to pay an increased entry fee - $ 4,000 for 2009,
             up $1,000 over this year ' s fee - is a good sign of the Iditarod ' s strong base of interest
             within the sport of mushing. In addition to the fee increase , operational expenses have
             cut the overall guaranteed purse from $ 935,000 in 2008 to $ 660,000 next year.



             We're pleased to see such a strong turnout and support from Iditarod mushers and hope the
             increased entry fee and decreased prize money from the event won ' t hamper the race's
             overall participation in 2009. With recent increases in fuel prices and other services
             race organizers can expect to pay, it's understandable some belt-tightening would be in
             order.



             At the same time it's costing mushers more to feed , train and care for their dogs. While
             finishing in the money in the Iditarod has unparalleled cachet in the sport of dog
             mushing , the dogs and mushers have to eat, and not all of them have deep-pocketed sponsors
             like some of the headliners.



             We love the Iditarod and watching greats like Mackey and other former champions Mitch
             Seavey, Jeff King, Martin Buser and Rick Swenson . But it's a tough spot to raise the fee
             25 percent and cut the purse.



             Cabela's and Wells Fargo Bank are major corporate sponsors of the Iditarod. While we
             appreciate keeping the Iditarod as one of the last, great Alaska adventures, it may be
             time to consider more corporate sponsorships to keep the event's financial shortfalls from.
             the competitors.



             The Iditarod has steadied itself financially in recent years. Now it ' s time - to take
             another good , hard look at those companies that would like to buy into this world-class
             event and carefully consider what they can bring without diluting the character of the
             race.



             The world ' s top mushers are loyal to the Last Great Race , but can the field afford to
             return for long if this year ' s hiccup of paying more for a smaller purse becomes an annual
             occurrence?



             We hope we don't have to find out.




                                                           63




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0020675
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           OTHER OP-EDs



           (Letters to the Editor/Opinion)



           VOICE OF THE TIMES




           Palin says guilty

           until proven innocent




           IMMEDIATELY AFTER Sen. John Cowdery was charged with bribery and conspiracy yesterday,
           Gov. Sarah Palin whipped out a press release assuming that he was guilty.



           The rule of thumb in fairness is supposed to be "innocent until proven guilty," but not
           for our governor these days.



           "It was disturbing to learn that another public official has been charged with violating
           the public trust," she wrote. "I urge Senator Cowdery to step down, for the good of the
           state."



          "Today's news is a good reminder that we must continue to be vigilant in defending
          Alaska's sovereignty against those who would undermine it . . .




                                                        64




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020676
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            (cont'd from front page) in an attempt to sell out Alaskans. As we move forward, let me
            remind everyone that this administration is committed to putting Alaskans and their
            interests first, as we develop our resources in a responsible and ethical manner.



            "We are on the right path. I am confident that path will be made more clear and obstacle-
            free as justice prevails in the ongoing FBI investigation. Like many Alaskans, I look
            forward to closure on this disturbing chapter in our state's history."



            Could it be that Cowdery, an elderly man who often uses a walker , was going to vote
            against Palin's beloved AGIA scheme?




            Palin partners

            skeptical on

            gasline claims




            MORE EVIDENCE is piling in that Gov. Sarah Palin is being disingenuous in her proposal to
            build a pipeline to carry gas from Cook Inlet to Fairbanks.



            The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reports that the skeptics include, to varying degrees, the
            state's proposed partners in what Palin calls "AGIA Lite" and others who would most
            directly benefit, if the proposal were real.



            The critics include Enstar, with comments by spokesman Curtis Thayer, and Fairbanks
            Natural Gas President Dan Britton. Harold Heinz, CEO of the Alaska Natural Gas Development
            Authority, also has his doubts.



            "Do we want to roll the dice, or do we want to .



            (cont'd from front page) spend the money and build a line to the (North Slope) foothills?"
            Thayer asked. "We know there is gas on the North Slope. The thing is, we don't have the
            gas in Cook Inlet. The gas does not exist in Cook Inlet."


                                                         65




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0020677
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            The News-Miner quoted Heinze as saying the general view is that Cook Inlet has "lots of
            potential" but he and Enstar are somewhat more skeptical.



            "There is no doubt there are some real problems," Heinze told the reporter. "On the other
            hand, the administration is very confident, and they are the landowner." That was a good-
            soldier response but hardly a ringing endorsement of the bold new idea that the governor
            is so excited about.



      !     Enstar and ANGDA were announced as partners in Palin's AGIA Lite in her press conference
            on Monday.



           Britton said he also has questions about Palin's proposal. Noting that it's already a
           struggle to get contracts for Cook Inlet gas, he added: "It's hard for me to understand
           what the justification might be for a multi-billion investment when you're unable to
           secure a longer gas supply."




           What about aid to

           Alaska's communities?




           WE ARE SCRATCHING our heads about the new state proposal to spend $21 billion on
           alternative energy, trying to make sense of it.



           We find it unimaginable that the Legislature would look at such a seemingly crackpot
           scheme but has still not seriously considered sharing state largesse with the local
           communities.



           Larger cities like Anchorage are still paying horrendous property taxes, others are paying
           high sales taxes, and some villages are laying off their few employees - including police
           officers - because of empty treasuries. The $1,200 energy checks will help, but not much.
           The need is much greater than that.



           This seems to be one more indication that Alaska' s government priorities have gone astray,
           dangerously so.




                                                        66




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020678
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                       67




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0020679
