Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Friday, July 11, 200810:15 AM
               To:      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Questions regarding the SEACC




               From: Paul H. Strohm, Jr. [mailto:crmprol23@yahoo.com]
               Sent: Friday, July 11, 2008 8:05 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Questions regarding the SEACC

               Dear Governor Palin,

               I am exploring the Southeastern Alaska Conservation Coalition (SEACC) Executive Director
               position and am interested in hearing your thoughts on the Tongass issues including:

               Are the SEACC critical initiatives in line with the voters and the state's priorities?
               Your opinion of Russell Heath and his tenure as Executive Director at SEACC?
               Can results from the coordinated efforts of the state and SEACC be improved? If so, how?
               Do you believe the state resources available for economic development are being fully utilized in
               the Tongass? If not, what would you recommend?

               Thank you in advance for your feedback. I assure you these questions are for my personal
               education only and will not be shared.

               If possible, I'd like to discuss these issues and any others you deem pertinent via phone at your
               convenience. I will try to call you after receiving your responses to the questions above. Or if
               you'd prefer to chat vs. communicate using email, please provide a good time to reach you. I am
               in the Eastern time zone.

               Thanks again.

               Sincerely,

               Paul Strohm
               317-752-1615




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020690
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page I of I


               Unknown

               From :     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
               Sent:      Friday, July 11, 2008 11:42 AM
               To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Cc:        Mason; Janice L (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
               Subject: Congressman Boehner's Alaska Trip
               I have made contact with the office of the House Minority Leader. The bottom line is that the Governor
               is invited to have dinner with Mr. Boehner and his entourage Saturday (July 19th) or Sunday in
               Fairbanks.

               The staff recommends Saturday, because the House members will not be as tired, and the Governor
               could also offer some welcoming remarks. Sunday is less preferable for several reasons.

               I also asked whether the Governor could actually accompany the entourage to the North Slope. The
               staff is checking with Mr. Boehner and will get back to me as soon as they can.

               Please advise whether either July 19th or 20th is a possibility. I will let you know, as soon as I hear
               about the North Slope portion of the trip.

               P.S.
               I understand that the Governor will meet with the Republican Challengers group on July 17th. So, there
               should be no conflict with Mr. Boehner's trip.


               John W. Katz
               Director of Sta te, /Fe d e ra / Relations
               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               iwkatz@a/askkadcom
               (202)624-5858




               9/19/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0020691
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                Page I of I


              Unknown

              From:     Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike.nizich@alaska.govj
              Sent:     Friday, July 11, 2008 5:08 PM
              To:       gov.palin@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Kenai Peninsula: KSRM news gas line poll
              FYI if someone hasn't sent this to you already.


              From : Davis, Susan M (GOV)
              Sent: Friday, July 11, 2008 3:41 PM
              To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Kenai Peninsula: KSRM news gas line poll

              FYI:

              Do you support Governor Palin's proposed bullet line from the Cook Inlet to the
              Fairbanks area?

              Yes

               No




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020692
