Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Rep. Mike Kelly [Representative Mike Kelly@legis .state.ak.usj
           Sent:                    Saturday, July 12, 2008 9:54 AM
           To:                      'andora@nushtel.net'
           Cc:                      Hoffman; Lyman F (LAA); Edgmon; Bryce E (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored);
                                    Commissioner; DOT (DOT sponsored); Notti; Emil R (CED); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
           Subject:                 Re: West and Southwest Roads AND Energy Grids


           Hi, Nels. I'm with you 100%. You'll remember from our previous talk that I'm an incurable
           power guy. The News Miner chopped me off at 750 words or I'd have mentioned the T-lines
           and mines you suggest, plus Rock Creek; and would have thrown in the Palmer-Glenallen-
           Fairbanks T-line loop as well. If we do these things with our wealth instead of growing
           Government, we will empower our grandchildren rather than putting or keeping them on
           welfare. Please say Hi to Henry and Pearl and old Bouker if you see them. Thank you for
           your thoughtful input.  Exciting times. Mike




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Nels and Dorothy <andora@nushtel.net>

           To: Rep. Mike Kelly

           Cc: Sen. Lyman Hoffman; Rep. Bryce Edgmon; Governor Palin <Governor@gov.state.ak.us>;
           dot.commissioner@alaska.gov <dot.commissioner@alaska.gov>; Commissioner Emil Notti
           <Emil Notti@commerce.state.ak.us>; Commissioner Tom Irwin <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>

           Sent: Sat Jul 12 07:18:53 2008

           Subject: West and Southwest Roads AND Energy Grids



                      July 12, 2008




                      Dear Representative Kelly:



                   I pulled this out of your comment in the FBDNM. I comment below on your vision
           statement.




           "Here 's what I see:




           · In 2010, standing on the west bank of the Nenana River, I can look across at the Healy
           Clean Coal Plant and hear the coal-steam turbine spinning out 400 million low-cost
           kilowatt hours to supply Interior Alaska homes and businesses.

                                                                 I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0020720
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          · In 2014, I see the new Nome road departing Interior Alaska as it stretches 500 miles to
          our neighbors in Western Alaska.



          · In 2020, I can look south to the Susitna River Hydroelectric project silently and
          cleanly pumping more than 1,000 megawatts of zero -fuel - cost power into the Railbelt power
          grid to light and power our homes and businesses.



          What do you see?




          Rep. Mike Kelly is a Fairbanks Republican representing House District 7."




                   My comments on your vision.




                  Thanks Rep. Kelly for that grand vision of what is needed . I hope you will target
          the need for a road but ALSO an energy grid system that will carry low cost energy you
          see being produced at the Healy Coal fired generator to communities outside of Fairbanks
          to the West . Without low cost energy, no industry will be able to start up, much less
          thrive.



                  I hope you also see a road AND an energy grid system connecting the Southwest
          Alaska region with a road system and the Railbelt Energy Grid . The road and energy grid
          system going Southwest should be in the state ' s planning mode as well as going West. A
          grid connecting Southwest Alaska will encourage economic development and new industries
          could be developed as you stated in your comment piece.




                  In 2020, I hope you also can see an energy grid system moving energy from the
          Susitna Hydro project that will provide energy to the Soutwest Alaska portion of the
          state. Again, without low cost energy, projects like Donlin and Pebble cannot get off the
          ground.



                  I like your vision and hope your vision can include some of what I see that will
          help all Alaskans . Since state dollars that belong to all of us will be used to develop
          those energy and road projects , I would hope that you can support extending the grid
          system to include those of us outside of the Railbelt.




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0020721
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                    My best regards,



                    Nels Anderson, Jr.

                    Box 234

                    Dillingham , Alaska 99576

                    907-842-366

                    andora @ nushtel.net



                    PS - And for what its worth , and if my opinion means anything at all, I support
          AGIA.



                  cc: Senator Lyman Hoffman , Representative Bruce Edgmon , Governor Sarah Palin,
          Commissioner Leo von Scheben, Commissioner Notti

                           Commissioner Tom Irwin




                                                          3




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0020722
