Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Saturday, July 12, 2008 5:11 PM
           To:                      coleen@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Saturday, July 12, 2008 10:49 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Coleen Mielke

           address: 8485 North Wasilla Fishhook Road Wasilla AK 99654




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor,



           I am a life long Alaskan as are my children and grandchildren. We have lived in Wasilla
           for 30 years. I am writing to you because I get the distinct feeling that you are going to
           publicly endorse Ted Stevens in the upcoming election. I know that you are obliged to do
           so for the Republican party sake, but I humbly ask you to reconsider. Not only is he
           under investigation for serious crimes, but he's basically too old. We need some youthful
           representation for Alaska and it needs to begin now; if Ted Stevens is re-elected, he will
           be nearly NINETY at the end of his term. While he is physically energetic... emotionally he
           is old and cranky. I won't get into my feelings about his legal issues, or the fact that
           we only see him in Alaska for election year photo opportunities)... however,
           PLEASE ...... for the sake of a young vital Alaskan population, lets get someone in the
           Senate that can represent us in the long run. Mr. Stevens has done wonders for our state,
           but it's time he retires. I'm n

           of asking that you endorse anyone in particular , but PLEASE think twice before you endorse
           Ted Stevens.



           Thanks,



                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0020740
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Coleen



          cbleen@gci.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0020741
