Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Sunday, July 13,2008 1:52 PM
           To:                      netherman79@gmail.com
           Subject:                 RE: Elections


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Sunday, July 13, 2008 3:43 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections




           Web mail from: Mr. Michael Netherland

           address: 514 Oakham Ct Severna Park MD 21146




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,



           In my letter below, I warn the Lt. Governor in his campaign to unseat Cong. Don Young to
           be on the look out for the establishment GOP types who will try to undermine his efforts
           by funding and campaigning for the incumbent.




           While I have the utmost respect for you and your fellow Republicans, I think I must
           express my hope, for the good of Alaskans and the nation, that you use your influence to
           keep the establishment GOP out of the primary campaign and let the Republican voters
           decide who would lead them in Congress.




                                                                 I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0020801
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Thanks.




           I just found out about your campaign to unseat Don Young, from the Club for Growth.
           Beating an entrenched incumbent can be done. We did it here in MD's District 1, where
           Andy Harris beat 9-term Congressman Wayrie Gilchrest.




           Now, I want to urge you to be wary of the establishment Republicans who will try to stop
           change from happening in Alaska and in Congress as a whole. Despite the fact some of them
           write books with such titles as "Real Change," they will come to your District and
           campaign for the status quo.




           No matter how liberal and embarassing he is to conservative Republicans, they will come
           and stump for Don Young. I am posting this on my blog at Newt.org
           (http://newt.org/tabid/97/pid/238/Default.aspx), and I and sending a copy to your GOP
           chairman and to Gov. Pallin. The message will be get behind Real Change in.Alaska or get
           out of the way.




           Stick to your conservative principles, eschew   the politically correct lexicon of the
           liberal left, and show Alaskans, the toughest   people on earth, that they don't have to be
           represented by a pork-barrel politician; that   they can add the voice of a conservative
           statesman instead, one who will help lead the   GOP back to its noble roots in limited
           government and a strong defense.




           Show them what a real Republican can do to support reforms in National government for the
           good of all Americans, not just a few living on a remote island in Alaska.
                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0020802
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I could go on and on . But you get the message. Conservatism can win when clearly
          articulated . By the way , John McCain has no coattails , in case you haven't noticed. It's
         .one thing to support his campaign , but don't feel obligated to mimick his campaign. There
          is very little redeeming about the candidate other than he is not a Democrat.




          Thanks for taking the time to read this and GOOD LUCK!!!



          netherman79 @ gmail.com




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0020803
