Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Sunday, July 13,2008 1:52 PM
           To:                      tinawensel@hotmail.com
           Subject:                 RE: Seniors


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Sunday, July 13, 2008 3:23 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Seniors




           Web mail from: Ms. Tina Wensel

           address: PO Box 4455 Palmer AK 99645

             (907)232-4848


     s
     1     MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Sarah Palin;




           I am a 34 year resident of the Mat-Su Valley and have been aggressively following my dream
           of opening a community activity center for children and teens. I have been working on my
           business plan and discussing my business opportunities with the Mat-Su Small Business
           Development Center in Wasilla. I have sourced out several different ideas and activities
           for small children and teens. I have friends with children with special needs and would
           like to focus part of my business on catering to their needs with fun and interactive
           games and activities.  Through discussions with family who have established businesses in
           the valley like my foster mom Dr. Natalie Beyeler they all think this type of center is
           needed to help our children have a positive place to go year round. I want to focus the
           center around interaction between parents and children.




                                                                f




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0020798
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Through a positive and friendly environment I plan on creating a center that will help
          kids stay safe and busy throughout the year. One of the programs is to help focus on
          school grades and the participation and interaction between young adults and the elderly,
          who are sometimes segregated from young children , are particularly important to another
          aspect of our mission - to facilitate community between generations .  From experience
          working as a volunteer at the pioneer home, the older person who reads to young children
          feels needed and appreciated . The young child who sees teenagers perform music or drama
          sees possibilities for themselves . Our partnerships with local senior centers, pioneer
          home and schools will help establish relationships that simultaneously support families,
          young adults , and seniors.




           I plan on giving any unsold items and nutritional food from the community center cafe to
           the local churches , charities and food banks or perhaps including a food bank in the
           center itself.




           Another aspect I would like to see in our community center is to help the community out by
           raising money for the non- profit groups and our schools . I have lots of ideas and
           different programs that would help our children , like teaching our children how to
           recycle, have an after school tutor program . I am a single mother of two beautiful
           children one is l5yrs and my baby is 6 months old. I currently work on the slope as a
           plant operator for Bp at North Star Island; I have been up here for 8yrs. I love my job
           very much .  But, my dream in life is to work with children and help single mothers in
           guiding their children and others in the right path. If it wasn't for people like my mom
           who cared and took me in and loved me like one of her own , who knows what could have
           happened to me. I would love to give back to the community and help with our children in
           the valley . By offering assistance and a sponsored shelter program.




            If you could help me by guiding me in the right direction by discussing any opportunities
           and ideas by setting up a meeting . I would like to share my business plan and ideas with
           you and see if you might have any ideas on grants or sponsors that may give me a direction
           where to start. This would help in developing this dream . I would really appreciate it.
           Thank you for your time.




           Kind Regards




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0020799
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Tina Wensel



           PO box 4455



           Palmer, Ak 99645




           Cell ( 907)232-4848



           Wk (907)670-3515




           tinawensel@hotmail.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0020800
