Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                  Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
          Sent:                   Sunday, July 13, 2008 1:36 PM
          To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
          Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                FW: Fish_and_Game




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb . alaska . gov [mailto : WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov)

          Sent : Saturday , July 12, 2008 10:45 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin      ( GOV sponsored)

          Subject :   Fish- and-Game




          Web mail from: Mr. Jim Spencer

          address: 6210 W Robin Hood Lane Wasilla AK 99654




          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,




          To be certain you understand the intent of this note, I wish to begin by telling you I am
          one of your biggest fans. I read an article today in the ADN conerning the "foreign
          processors" issue. I ask that you be careful in this area as the article clearly indicates
          the issue directly effects the livelihood of your husband. It's sad that so many have
          betrayed the public trust so often that every action comes under a microscope; but, that
          is the current reality of public life. Perhaps you can defer judgement to some other
          officials to ensure there is no reason to question motives. The last thing I want to see
          is your antagonists get an issue with which they can create doubt.




          Thanks for the great job...thanks for governing with integrity.




                                                              i




                                                                                                           P RA_GS P01 _0020806
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sincerely,




           Jim Spencer



           spencerj @mtaonline.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0020807
