Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Sunday, July 13, 2008 1:40 PM
           To:                      kevinrelliott@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Saturday, July 12, 2008 7:47 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Kevin Elliott

            address: 1316 Misawa Court Vallejo CA 94591

             707 557 9340



           MESSAGE:

           I am a senior vice president with Hill & Knowlton in our San Francisco office. I lead our
           corporate practice here and work with chief executives of some of America's leading
           companies on reputation, issues and the like. I began my career working for former United
           States Senator Pete Wilson as his field diretor. I would like to offer my help on advance,
           media or whatever other support I can lend if the Governor might be considering a trip to
           California for any reason. I would love to see and hear from her down here; there are
           important issues this campaign season on which we need to hear from her.



           I will also be a professional volunteer at the GOP convention in MN in September. I would
           welcome the opportunity to offer my support for her there as well.




           Best of luck!




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0020804
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Kevin



           kevinrelliott @yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0020805
