Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Monday, July 14,2008 11:10 AM
          To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Rd to Nome


          Can be done before Sept though? (The status report anyway)

          ------Original Message------

          From: Randy Ruaro

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Jul 14, 2008 3:04 PM

          Subject: RE: Rd to Nome




          Governor:



          Leo is in a 6 hour managers meeting. I will follow up with him this

          afternoon on a response. Joe and I have briefly discussed the idea of

          getting Leo, Pat, Tom, and Click together the first week in September

          for a meeting to review road and infrastructure projects that could lead

          to significant economic development and jobs. The idea is to identify

          those projects where we can make a difference quickly, rank them, and

          then review with you and OMB and COS.



          Randy



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

          Sent: Monday, July 14, 2008 10:5.1 AM

          To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Richards, Frank T (DOT)

          Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

           (GOV)

          Subject: Rd to Nome



          Leo- I've heard that there's been preliminary work done on the idea of

          building a road to connect us to our resources in Nome. True? That'd be
                                                               1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            great if it ' s true. What's the cost? We need to start building

            infrastructure - esp in areas where the residents truly want the roads.

            Pls give me a status report on Nome Rd plan. Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




      I




                                                          2
