Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From :        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@aiaska.govj
              Sent:         Tuesday, July 15, 2008 3:32 PM
              To:           Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject:      FW: NCOIL TO NAIC: SLOW DOWN ON CONTROVERSIAL MARKET CONDUCT PROPOSAL
              Importance: High



              From: Jordan Estey [mailto:]Estey@nolan-associates.comj
              Sent: Tuesday, July 15, 2008 10:35 AM
              Subject: NCOIL TO NAIC: SLOW DOWN ON CONTROVERSIAL MARKET CONDUCT PROPOSAL
              Importance: High

               u
               x




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              CONTACT:
              Susan Nolan
              NCOIL National Office'
              518-687-0178

              Mike Humphreys
              NCOIL Washington, DC Office
              202-220-3014

                                          NCOIL TO NAIC: SLOW DOWN ON
                                     CONTROVERSIAL MARKET CONDUCT PROPOSAL


              New York. NY. July 15.2008 -Naming critical concerns regarding confidentiality and authority, the
              National Conference of Insurance Legislators (NCOIL) advised a slowdown of a market conduct annual
              statement (MCAS) proposal being considered by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
              (NAIC). The NCOIL Executive and State-Federal Relations Committees on July I 1 and 13 unanimously
              adopted a resolution questioning an NAIC plan to piggy-back on statutorily required annual financial
              statements in order to facilitate a centralized NAIC market conduct database, during the NCOIL Summer
              Meeting here.

              Sponsored by NCOIL Vice President and State-Federal Relations Committee Chair, Representative
              Robert Damon (KY), the resolution says that the NAIC should defer consideration of its project "to fully
              address the concerns of state legislators and other interested parties-and to give state legislators critical
              opportunities to consider and develop the appropriate public policy with regard to such [MCAS] data."

             The resolution commits NCOIL to "working with the NAIC and with individual state regulators regarding
             an appropriate collection of market conduct data that would best serve consumers and insurers and
             promote modernized insurance marketplaces." It states, among other things, the following concerns.



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020931
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2



                   No state legislature has required a fundamental change or expansion in the nature of the insurer annual
                    statement to include market conduct data.
                   NCOIL has concerns regarding NAIC authority to collect market conduct data as part of an annual statement
                     filing.
                   NCOIL questions whether the costs of compliance might outweigh the benefits to consumers, insurance
                     companies, regulators, and state legislatures.
                   NCOIL has concerns regarding the confidentiality of market conduct data, since such data has not before
                     been made public.

              Adoption of the proposal followed a presentation by NAIC Market Regulation and Consumer Affairs (D)
              Committee Chair, Commissioner John Morrison (MT), and a nearly one-hour discussion between legislators and
              regulators regarding the NAIC proposal. Legislators asserted that an NCOIL Market Conduct Surveillance Model
              Law adopted in late 2006 to streamline the market conduct examination process may have better served many of
              the NAIC proposal' s goals.

              Commissioner Morrison described the (D) Committee proposal to collect MCAS data through the Annual
              Statement Blank-which has been used to collect company financial data , not market data-and to centrally store
              and analyze such information at the NAIC. He noted that the NAIC Executive Committee was scheduled to
              consider the proposal during a July 8 conference call that was postponed without a make-up date due to NAIC
              administrative employment matters.

              NCOIL previously had raised concerns over the NAIC proposal in a May 23 letter from NCOIL Officers to NAIC
              President, Commissioner Sandy Praeger (KS). The letter urged the NAIC to delay an Executive Committee vote to
              adopt the proposal and noted that "although NAIC and NCOIL have met repeatedly during NCOIL and NAIC
              meetings, this particular proposal was not brought forward for discussion ." The NAIC deferred the vote on a May
              28 conference call, assuring NCOIL President Representative Brian Kennedy (RI) that it would amply vet the
              proposal and consider legislative input.

             Insurance industry trade groups have been critical of the NAIC proposal, saying that the plan is a way to
             circumvent state statutes that require market conduct data to be considered confidential and that the NAIC did not
             have the legal authority to maintain the confidentiality of market conduct data--as required by state statutes.

             The NCOIL Summer Meeting was held from July 10 through 13 at the Marriott Marquis.

             NCOIL is an organization of state legislators whose main area of public policy interest is insurance legislation and
             regulation. Most legislators active in NCOIL either chair or are members of the committees responsible for
             insurance legislation in their respective state houses across the country. More information is available at
             wwwncoil.ore.

             For further details, please contact the NCOIL Washington, DC Office at 202-220-3014, or by email at
             mhumphreys( coil.org.




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0020932
