Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I


              Unknown

              From :     Goode, Kelly C (GOV) [kelly.goode@alaska.gov]
              Sent:      Tuesday, July 15, 2008 8:47 AM
              To:        gov.palin@yahoo.com; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); krisandclark@yahoo.com
              Cc:        Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Sen Wagoner
              Good morning,

              Yesterday I visited with Sen Wagoner for a little while. He wanted to share his strong concerns with the
              rebate legislation. Since this will be front and center next week, it is important to pass along his
              comments.

                    1)      He'd like to see any approved payment apply to a household only and not to all residents.
                          In fact, he'd like to see the payment go to a person with a utility bill; possibly passing through
                          a utility company.
                    2)      He adamantly disagrees with the supplemental application.
                    3)      If it goes to the floor for a vote as it was introduced, he will not be able to support it and
                          believes others will not as well.
                    4)      His main concerns are the potential entitlement the check creates and he thinks there are
                          other ways to spend the money to assist all Alaskans i.e. Infrastructure via roads etc...

              We will probably come across others who share this general opinion.

             Thanks, Kelly




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0020943
