Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From :                   Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, July 15, 2008 2:15 PM
          To:                      Burkert; Erin (GOV sponsored)
          Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail @ govweb.alaska .gov (mailto: WebMail @ govweb.alaska.gov3

           Sent: Monday,    July 14,   2008 7:47 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



          Web mail, from: Mr. TC Robinson

          address: 10660 Clearpoint Drive Chesterfield VA 23832




          MESSAGE:


     I




          My name is TC Robinson, and I am an 18 year old college student from Chesterfield, VA. I'm
          sure you may be wondering why someone from the other side of the country would want to
          contact you, and quite frankly the reason is simple. I hope to one day have a career in
          public service. For a long time, well, for at least the last few years, I've struggled to
          find leaders to look up to. Granted, there have been a few, but they have either proved to
          be an illusion, or simply a huge disappointment. Well, I'm happy to say that I've found
          that leader, one who I don't believe will disappoint me. Governor Palin, that leader is
          you.




          I have followed you since your election as Governor in 2006. Your courage then, standing
          up to the political establishment and questioning your leaders, is a quality few hold.
          People forget that government SHOULD be held accountable and questioned, even if it brings
          their downfall. If more people did what you did, our government would have an efficiency
          few would rival. You're style of governing, with your pledge of accountability an
          transparency, is one I hope to follow.

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0020947
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I know you have been mentioned as a potential running mate for Senator John McCain. Let me
          just say that for lack of a better word, Sen. McCain would be a fool not to pick you.
          Alaska needed you in 2006, well, America needs you now. You are the future of the
          Republican Party, and if I have anything to say about it, I'll help elect you President
          one day.




          Keep up the good work, and give my best to all your family.




          Sincerely,



          TC Robinson



          tctfmp@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSPO1 _0020948
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of I



                  Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                   From:   Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LVON_SCHEBEN]
                  Sent:    Tuesday, July 15, 2008 11:52 AM
                  To:      'gov. sarah @yahoo.com'
                  Cc:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Western Access Briefing



                Governor, has promised here is a brief paper on the Western Alaska Corridor (Nome Road ) for your info. LEO




                6/9/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0020949
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                     July 15, 2008



                                                  Governor's Briefing
                                         Western Alaska Access Planning Study


                     In May of this year DOT&PF issued an RFP to analyze the potential for constructing a
                     highway between the contiguous Alaska highway system and the isolated highway
                     system on the Seward Peninsula. Contract negotiations are currently underway with
                     DOWL Engineers and are expected to. be completed within a month. The study is
                     expected to be complete by August 2009. The budget for this initial planning study is
                     $1,000,000. The study will result in recommendations and cost estimates for actions
                     needed to implement construction.

                     The purpose of this highway is to facilitate resource and community development in the
                     region. The study encompasses the area west of the Dalton Highway, north of the Yukon
                     and lower Tanana River basins and south of the Brooks Range (see map). The length of
                     the proposed highway is approximately 600 miles, depending on the route.

                     Alternative routes will be identified based on potential economic benefits, topographic
                     and environmental constraints and land management considerations. Planning level
                     estimates will be prepared for design, construction .and maintenance. The study will
                     include review and update of all relevant, information from previous publications and
                     studies.




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0020950
