Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Tuesday, July 15, 2008 9:23 AM
          To:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 Fw: Rd to Nome


          Fyi forwarding leo's good response:

          -----=Original Message------

          From: Leo Von Scheben

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Jul 15, 2008 12:39 PM

          Subject: RE: Rd to Nome



          Great mines think on the same path. Your e mail is uncanny. Just this

          Friday I had written a draft memo of my update to you on 1 1/2 years on

          the job and in it was my suggestion of a road to Nome as a legacy for

          your administration.      We both know that there are no roads in Alaska

          that really go East and West. What a great opportunity to go West to

          Nome.



          This winter Northern Region Director Steve Titus and I discussed the

          idea and I gave him the go ahead for a study at that time. We have

          selected a consultant just recently but at this point that is all I

          know .     Should have more to follow today as to scope / scale etc. I will

          get you and update asap. LEO



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Monday, July 14, 2008 10:51 AM

          To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Richards, Frank T (DOT)

          Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

          (GOV)

          Subject: Rd to Nome



          Leo- I've heard that there's been preliminary work done on the idea of
                                                                    I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           building a road to connect us to our resources in Nome. True ? That'd be

           great if it ' s true . What's the cost? We need to start building

           infrastructure - esp in areas where the residents truly want the roads.

           Pls give me a status report on Nome Rd plan. Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                          2
