Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From :    Goode, Kelly C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KCGOODE]
                Sent:     Tuesday, July 15, 2008 8:16 AM
                To:       'gov.palin@yahoo.com'; Nizich; Michael A (GOV); 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
                Cc:       Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                Subject: Sen Wagoner

              Good morning,

              Yesterday I visited with Sen Wagoner for a little while. He wanted to share his strong concerns with the rebate
              legislation. Since this will be front and center next week, it is important to pass along his comments.

                  1)       He'd like to see any approved payment apply to a household only and not to all residents. In fact,
                          he'd like to see the payment go to a person with a utility bill; possibly passing through a utility
                          company.
                  2)       He adamantly disagrees with the supplemental application.
                  3)       If it goes to the floor for a vote as it was introduced, he will not be able to support it and believes
                          others will not as well.
                 4)        His main concerns are the potential entitlement the check creates and he thinks there are other
                          ways to spend the money to assist all Alaskans i.e. infrastructure via roads etc...

              We will probably come across others who share this general opinion.

              Thanks, Kelly




              8/24/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0020951
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                         Page I of 2



               Unknown

               From:     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZERI
               Sent:     Tuesday, July 15, 200811:47 AM
               To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: Recruitment and Retention

             Governor:
             I understand that other commissioners have had opportunities to talk with you about
             recruitment and retention. I have not had the same opportunity to provide you with
             an update on all that has happened since you became Governor and appointed me to
             this position.

             It became clear. to me early on, that 1-2% salary increases were not going to solve our
             recruitment and retention problems. I communicated that to Mike Tibbles and to
             legislators. But, I also remain convinced that the Working Group can address issues
             like telecommuting, which could allow State employees with families to not have to
             pay for day care two or three days a week, and 4-day work weeks, which save on gas
             and. day care costs are other avenues we can implement. These will be discussed
             again in our next Working Group meeting.

                 1) 1 have successfully negotiated 8 out of 11 labor contracts. All of them, the best
                    contracts in 15 years. These employees (all but the maritime. unions) have
                    seen or by July 28 will see from 5% to 8.5% salary increases since you took
                    office. The new PSEA contract (5%) is at least on par with the Municipality of
                    Anchorage, and better when you consider the State pays SBS and MOA does
                    not.
                 2) Salary increases for GGU and SU took effect May 1, and were seen in
                    paychecks May 28. These employees received 4 and 5.5% respectively,
                    beginning on May 1, and retroactive to July 1, 2007. They also received a 3%
                    increase beginning July 1. Commissioners von Scheben and Hartig did a
                    survey of employees in March - prior to these salary increases impacting their
                    employees. I am not surprised that the employees surveyed, who at that time
                    had not seen any increases, said that salary was the biggest issue for them. I
                    would like to see a new survey done in October, which reflects these new
                    increases.
                 3) We successfully got HB 417 through the Legislature, bringing the non-covered
                    employees (attorneys at OPA/PD and Department of Law, and other rank and
                    file positions) up 5.5%. We removed impediments to service step improvements
                    which will mean a 3.75% increase to employees every two years after Step F
                    (with a good evaluation and regardless of any other negotiated increases). This
                    indirectly will save time and effort as Division of Personnel employees won't
                    have to make and audit complicated calculations about placement on the
                    salary schedule.
                4) I had directed our folks to work with the Department of Health and Social
                    Services to see if we could help provide some assistance with the difficulties in
                   recruitment and retention of social workers. I testified during our budget


             8/24/2009



                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI_0020952
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                 hearings and, I believe, during hearings on HB 417 that we would look specifically
                     at this problem. My understanding is that the meeting yesterday went well,
                     DHSS has some concepts that they are discussing with Commissioner Hogan
                     internally and well see if it meets their needs.
                 5) I have a meeting July 23 with Mike Nizich, Karen Rehfeld and Commissioners
                     Irwin, Lloyd and Hartig, and AG Colberg to talk about professional positions
                     and difficulty recruiting for some of these. I understand that the State must be
                     competitive in positions that are necessary to support resource development.
                     We increased AOGCC engineers' salaries to $150,000 in August of 2007 and
                     followed (as we promised DNR) with support for the increase to Division of
                     O&G engineers to $150,000 in the legislative session . These increases were
                     singled out in our budget subcommittee and I was asked about the
                     relationship between the increases. I have publicly supported the need to
                     increase these salaries so our mission critical employees are not picked off by
                     the oil companies.
                 6) We received $400,000 for a geographic differential study. This piece will (if the
                     Legislature implements) rectify pay problems and inequities of cost of living
                     throughout Alaska. I am working with the unions and will be working with
                     legislators as the elections get closer to talk through the politics of
                     implementing the results of the study. I'm very familiar with the background
                     of why this has failed in the past. The fact that the Legislature agreed to fund
                     it makes me cautiously optimistic about implementation.
                 7) If you have an opportunity to re-read pages 11-12 of the Working Group report
                    - you can see all of the efforts that have, are and will be put to addressing
                     recruitment and retention. We're marching right down the list of what we said
                     we'd do.

             I am in fairly constant communication with the hundreds of hiring managers who
             work for the commissioners. I am taking their suggestions and they are helping
             implement mine:
                       a) Telling departments to stop advertising positions and asking for SOA
                          experience only. Yes, this is still happening.
                       b) Helping departments to stop writing minimum qualifications so tightly
                          that no one applies.

             What I've heard you say is that you are trying to constrain growth to 4% per year.
             I've already helped us go over that to the tune of about 9% for salary increases that
             have been sorely needed. My plan is to continue the momentum. I have always
             stayed in close contact with the Chief of Staff to ensure we are on the same page.
             This situation didn't happen overnight, and we are on a path to making sustainable
             changes.

             Please let me know if there are things that you are concerned about that I may be
             overlooking. I appreciate your confidence in my ability to tackle this multi-faceted
             problem for the long haul, not just short-term fixes.
             ak




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0020953
