Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Von Scheben, Leo (DOT) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LVON SCHEBEN]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, July 15, 2008 8:39 AM
          To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 RE: Rd to Nome


          Great mines think on the same path. Your e mail is uncanny. Just this Friday I had
          written a draft memo of my update to you on 1 1/2 years on the job and in it was my
          suggestion of a road to Nome as a·legacy for your administration. We both know that there
          are no roads in Alaska that really go East and West. What a great opportunity to go West
          to Nome.




          This winter Northern Region Director Steve Titus and I discussed the idea and I gave him
          the go ahead for a study at that time. We have selected a consultant just recently but at
          this point that is all I know. Should have more to follow today as to scope/scale etc. I
          will get you and update asap. LEO



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

          Sent: Monday, July 14, 2008 10:51 AM

          To: Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Richards, Frank T (DOT)

          Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Subject: Rd to Nome



          Leo- I've heard that there's been preliminary work done on the idea of building a road to
          connect us to our resources in Nome. True? That'd be great if it's true. What's the cost?
          We need to start building infrastructure- esp in areas where the residents truly want the
          roads. Pis give me a status report on Nome Rd plan. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             I




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPOI_0020954
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               7115 - No Time for Crying in Our Soup                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Tuesday, July 15, 2008 3:38 PM
               To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Weekly: No Time for Crying in Our Soup



              From: membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.cont]
              Sent: Tuesday, July 15, 2008 1:23 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Weekly: No Time for Crying in Our Soup


                                                                  View this online.
                                        httpl/www.uschamber.info/notice-desc riptiorLtd?newsletter id=27917177




                       Visit VoteForBusiness .com: Your One-Stop Politcal Action, Education, and Involvement Tool.
                                                          Tuesday, July 15.2008

                     No Time for Crying in Our Soup
                     By Tom Donohue , President and CEO

                                      Some in the business community-indeed, many of our citizens--are worried about the
                                      future. They see America challenged like never before . They see the inability of our
                                      elected officials to tackle big problems. They see a loss of business support in Congress
                                      after the November elections.

                                      So what should we do? We have choices.

                                                                                                        >> Join the conversation.

                  Capital Roundup

                                  Chamber Connect! Tour Stops in North Dakota
                                  The U.S. Chamber stopped in Fargo, North Dakota , as part of its six-city road show to illustrate
                                  the benefits of more widely available broadband.



                                 Chamber Praises President's Action to Lift Energy Exploration Ban
                                 The U.S. Chamber applauded President Bush 's decision to lift a decades-old executive order
                                 banning oil exploration in the Outer Continental Shelf.



                                 Chamber Fights for Business Phone Deductions
                                 The U.S. Chamber is strongly supporting legislation that would make it easier for businesses to
                                 write off the cost of cell phones, BlackBerries , and similar telecommunication devices provided
                                 to employees.


                                 Chamber Coalition Defends Employer-Based Health Care Coverage
                                 The Chamber-led National Coalition on Benefits is urging Congress to preserve employer-



               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0020955
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             7/15 - No Time for Crying in Our Soup                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                                       sponsored health care coverage and to oppose a bill that would disrupt part of the system that
                                       the group says is "already working."




                      In This Issue                                                                      From the Blog

                     In Your Backyard: Indiana Mortgage Industry to Face                                 Energy Consensus by Karen Harbert
                     More Regulation
                                                                                                                         Recent polls on energy have
                      Economy: Weak Dollar Fuels Exports                                                                 demonstrated that public
                                                                                                                         opinion is changing . A recent
                     Chamber Tackles Energy Crisis                                                                       survey showed that 81% of
                                                                                                                         the American people support
                      ECON 101: Recession Watch                                                                          the United States using more
                                                                                                         of its own domestic energy resources,
                     Outrage of the Month : Stressed Over Peanuts                                        including the oil and coal already here in the
                                                                                                         U.S., to combat the rising cost of energy and
                      Court Delays Immigration Law                                                       reduce dependence on foreign energy
                                                                                                         sources.

                                                                                                                                  >> Read it on ChamberPost.


                    Member Benefits
                    ----- ---- .... .............................. ....... .......... ................... ............... ,................................................
                      New Discounts with FedEx
                                                                                                                              .                    rnst er
                      U.S. Chamber members receive discounts up to 21% on select FedEx
                      Express® services, up to 12% on select FedEx Ground® services and
                      up to 20% on select FedEx Kinko 's® services.

                     Members call 800-345-6227 and mention code 14, or go online for more                                          `r                      oALs
                   s information and to sign up.


                                                              uschamber.com Weekly I Editor: John Reid
                                                          Writers: Sheryil Poe, Giovanni Coratolo, Kay Gowan
                   You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce, which has
                    partnered with the U .S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits , including members-
                   only access to our online Small Business Center , as well as other periodic communications . To simply change
                    your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on your subscription
                                                               management-page.

                         The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this
                        newsletter. Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                                                            You are subscribed as: govemor @gov.state.ak.us

                                                                              Your Account:
                                                       Receive as plainit ext f Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                   Remove me from uschambercom Weekly.
                      http://www.uschamber.infolfedmember/remove-domain-din t tcl?ctx--center&nkey=w73wab64v7eeix87&
                                                                          est


                    If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership, reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                    line, or dick here . To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profit- on
                    your Subscription Management Page. You must follow these instructions In order to ensure that you are property removed. For
                    more information about U .S. Chamber member benefits, call our dedicated customer service One at 1 -800-63M582..




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0020956
