Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

                From :   Ken & Connie Tarbox [tabox@ptialaska.net]
                Sent:    Wednesday, July 16, 2008 4:00 PM
               To:        Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                Cc:      Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Stevens; Gary L (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Hilsinger
                         John R (DFG); Marcotte; Jim R (DFG); Larry Edfelt, Seaton; Paul (LAA); Huggins; Charlie (LAA);
                         Senator Thomas Wagoner@legis.state.ak.us; Wagoner, Tom (LAA); Chenault; Mike (LAA)
                Subject: Kasilof River sockeye salmon personal use and sport fishery expansion.
               Dear Commissioner,

               Today ADF&G announced that the bag and possession limit for Kasilof River sockeye salmon was
               increased to 6 fish and that the personal use fishing area was expanded.

               In the justification it states ADF&G has made a projection that the goal of 250 , 000 sockeye salmon would
               be exceeded . I find it interesting to use this number since the OEG is 300 , 000 and the turn on for the
               terminal fishery is 275 , 000. It would appear ADF &G is playing games with the numbers to avoid the
               terminal fishery opening . There is no way the Department can forecast at this point in the run the
               difference between 250 , 000 and 275, 000 fish.

               In addition , I called the commercial fisheries staff at the Soldotna office and was informed they. made no
               such projection. In fact, the commercial fishery has not been opened in the terminal area or the set net
               fishery expanded to 24 hour fishing or no windows to reduce Kasilof sockeye salmon escapement. In
               contrast, the commercial fishery was restricted on an extra period to one half mile.

               Therefore it appears again that ADF&G is not co -ordinating actions and that the actions of the sport fish
               division are unfounded based on the data . A terminal commercial fishery and expanded set net fishery
               may in fact slow the escapement rate into the Kasilof so that the goal will not be exceeded.

               Given this action in the sport fishery I would expect that the terminal commercial fishery will be opened
               and more liberal set net fishing time given . This of course will increase the chinook harvest in these
               fisheries. By regulation when ADF&G projects it will exceed the goal the terminal fishey may open and I
               expect it would since the commercial fishery has a priority on sockeye salmon.

               I must admit that as a past fishery manager of UCI this is one of the poorest decisions I have seen. It was
               done without thinking about how it would impact the other fisheries and of course was done without strict
               scientific estimates of the final escapement numbers . There is no way to project going over the goal at
               this point in the absence of fishing the terminal area or more set net fishing time.

                Historically , the staff of ADF&G waited until the goal was actually going to be exceeded after the majority
               of fishing time was completed . This is what the Board of Fisheries intended and has stated numerous
               times. Yet ADF&G in recent years feels it can state a failure to manage ( going over the goal) without
               trying to manage with the exisitng fisheries to meet the goal. In fact, at the recent 2008 Board of
               Fisheries meeting the Board was displeased when ADF&G opened the terminal fishery based on a
               forecast a few years ago.

               Again, your staff appears to be making unfounded and potential illegal decisions without regard to
               regulations or the consequences of those decisions.

               I feel that you, as Commissioner, must make significant and real changes to the way ADF &G conducts
               itself. The recent performance at the legislative. hearing , mistakes in emergency order authority,
               escapement goals being set without following existing regulations, and now inseason management
               without co-ordination with other divisions all speak to an organization in trouble . In fact, in UGI the staff is
               so polarized by the lack of leadership that it is dysfunctional at all levels.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0020998
