Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                  From:      Colberg, Tails J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
                  Sent:      Wednesday, July 16, 2008 3:35 PM
                  To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Cc:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                  Subject: FW: Exxon Valdez litigation

               Dear Governor Palin,
               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               Privileged or Personal Material Redacted                                                                              Tails


               From: Colberg , Talis J (LAW)
               Sent: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 3:27 PM
               To: Gara, Les (LAA)
               Subject: FW: Exxon Valdez litigation

               Dear Rep. Gara,
                 As you can see below , my staff has investigated this with plaintiffs , and while we are in constant contact with them
               and assisting them, (including again this afternoon) we do not believe an amicus is a useful option at this point.
               Thankyou for your inquiry. Tails Colberg


               From: Tillery, Craig 3 (LAW)
               Sent: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 3:19 PM
               To: Colberg, Tails J (LAW)
               Cc: Grace, Joanne M (LAW)
               Subject: Exxon Valdez litigation

               You asked whether the State of Alaska could and should file an amicus brief in response to the recent submission by
               private plaintiffs in the Exxon Valdez litigation , to the U.S. Supreme Court , relating to Rule 42.1 and interest on the
               judgment. First, there is no procedure that allows for such a submission, however, it is certainly possible to file a
               motion with the Court asking that leave be granted to file an amicus and possible that such a motion might be granted.
               More importantly, however, this is not something that we would recommend . We have been in contact with counsel for
               the private plaintiffs since the verdict was issued regarding this and other potential post verdict concerns . It is their
               view, concurred in by our own Supreme Court counsel, that formal state participation at this point would not be
               appropriate. We have taken , and will continue to take, other steps to facilitate counsel 's efforts to have their clients
               paid timely and in full. In sum , Alaska could file a motion for leave to file an amicus on this matter , but it should not.

               Craig J . Tillery
               Deputy Attorney General
               Alaska Department of Law
               1031 W. 4th Avenue, Suite 200
               Anchorage , AK 99501
               (907) 269-5200
               craiq.tiileryyalaska.gov

               Please note that my email address has changed to craiq tiIlery.@alaska.gov




               8/27/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0021023
