Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, July 16, 2008 9:43 AM
             To:                      'akmuskrat@yahoo.com'
             Subject:                 RE: Budget


             Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
             information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
             unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
             being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
             need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

             Sent: Tuesday, July 15, 2008 8:21 PM

             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Budget



             Web mail from: Ms. Jackie Musgrave

             address: 1508 G St. Anchorage AK 99501




             MESSAGE:

             Dear Governor Palin,




             I have some questions regarding state grants from the capital budget. I would appreciate
             hearing from someone who can tell me the answers. Specifically, I am inquiring about
             state money allocated to Anchorage Public Library (APL) in the current budget (and yes, I
             did write urging you to veto their request!).




             Does APL already have state money in the bank (the millions they were granted) or do they
             submit bills for repayment?




                                                                  I




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0021038
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Does the state track grant expenditures? Is a receiving organization required to supply
              accounting information or is it just counted as free money, no strings attached?




              Do grant requests need to contain detailed information on particular projects for which
              the money is needed, or is a vague wish list acceptable?




              I understand that with the state grant and other local money gifts, APL has $7 million
              toward a "renovation" of Loussac Library. They anticipate needing $11 million. But the
              interesting part is, they are only now asking staff for input on how to use the money!
              They will be getting citizen input before long, and then will start spending on
              architectural designs and specific changes to the building, once the administrative team
              has chosen the actual projects.




              I find it beyond bizarre that APL would ask for money when they did not have a "needs"
              plan in place.  Apparently they didn't have anything but an old architect's drawing of
              changes to the main floor, and they now want to go beyond that. At the same time, the
              Mountain View Branch project is already a million over budget and nothing. has been done
              yet to that building. I think some of the state funding was to go toward that.




              With the economy diving downward, I am appalled that Anchorage Public Library would ask
              for millions before they know what they're going to do with it. I really would like to be
              enlightened on the grant process , so I hope there is someone who can explain it to me.




              Thank you.    Sincerely, Jackie Musgrave




                                                             2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0021039
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           akmuskrat@yahoo.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 _0021040
