Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
             From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Wednesday, July 16, 2008 6:51 AM
             To:                      Burkett Erin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject                  Re: Daily Clips 07.16.08


             You're up early! Thanks for doing good work there Erin!



              ----- Original Message -----

              From: Burkert, Erin (GOV sponsored) <erin .burkert@alaska.gov>

             Sent: Wed Jul 16 06:13:18 2008

              Subject: Daily Clips 07.16.08




             NEWS CLIPS




             July 16, 2008




                                                                   1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021045
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           $138.04



           -$6.44




           ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS



           Alaska scores a coup with alpine skiing nationals

           State will also host US cross-country championships in '09



           By MIKE CAMPBELL

           mcampbell @ adn.com



           (07/16/ 08 02:04:19)



           Alaska pulled off a rare championship double this week when the U.S . Ski and Snowboard
           Association confirmed that Alyeska Resort will host the U . S. Alpine Nationals March 24-31-



           Last month , it was announced that the next two cross - country skiing national championships
           will be at Kincaid Park, with the 2009 competition being Jan. 3-8.



           "It's very, very unusual for one state to host both Alpine and cross-country nationals --
           or, for that matter, any two nationals ," said Calum Clark, the. event director at USSA.



           Alyeska hosted the 2007 and 2004 alpine nationals . In 2003 , the nationals were moved from
           Alyeska to Lake Placid because of poor snow conditions.



           Anchorage has hosted both the alpine nationals and snowshoe nationals in the same year but
           never both ski nationals.




                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021046
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Nance Larsen, the vice president of communications and marketing for the Alaska Convention
           & Visitors Bureau, said the timing should give Anchorage a nice bump of visitors heading
           into the spring season . Some , she speculated, might choose to arrive early and see
           portions of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, which begins on March 7,



            "It's fantastic," said Shelly Wozniak, public relations manager of the ACVB. "It's really
            a culmination of a targeted marketing effort to portray Anchorage as a winter city.



            "We are one of the top winter cities in the world and people are starting to recognize
            that."



            Wozniak estimated that both events , which will bring hundreds of out-of-state skiers,
            could inject nearly $2 million into the local economy.



            "It's a great situation with Alyeska," Clark said. "It's a great destination."



            Such American stars as Bode Miller of Bretton Woods, N.H., gold medalists Ted Ligety of
            Park City, Utah and Julia Mancuso of Olympic Valley, Calif., are expected on the slopes.
            So are Scott Macartney of Crystal Mountain, Wash., and Marco Sullivan, both of whom have
            competed in the spring Arctic Man Ski & Snowgo Classic. Lindsey Vonn of Vail, Colo., and
            Steven Nyman of Provo, Utah are two other Olympic skiers likely to compete.



            A selling point for Alyeska is its downhill course. Because of Alaska's high latitude,
            there is typically enough snow in spring for a lengthy downhill course that runs to the
            bottom of the mountain.



            At the 2007 nationals at Alyeska, Girdwood's John Love used his home-course advantage to
            finish 15th in the national championship, beating some U.S. Ski Team members.



            "It was just realizing those other guys are just like me," Love said at the time. "They're
            just out there to ski. We're all doing the same thing."



           Another plus is the daylight. By late March, sunset isn't until about 8:30 p.m.



            "It's really good,    a perfect time of year, " Larsen said.



            "We've done it so many times now that we have one of the best race crews in the country to
            support an event of this size," said Russell Sell, a board member of the Alyeska Ski and
            Snowboard Club. "There's something about our volunteers. We say, 'Let's ramp it up' and
            they just kind of gather it up."



           Sparky Anderson, assistant alpine coach at UAA, said that hosting such a big event is a
           big asset to the UAA program.
                                                             4




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021047
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             "I'd expect all my kids to compete ," said Anderson , who spent seven years as program
             director for the Alyeska Ski Club in Girdwood before joining UAA. "It ' s an incredible
             recruiting tool.



             "They're competing against the top skiers in the world . That ' s a really neat opportunity
             to measure themselves."



             Exxon maintains it doesn ' t owe interest

             $ 488 MILLION : Company files brief opposing plaintiffs ' request.



             By WESLEY LOY

             wloy@adn.com



              ( 07/15 / 08 21 : 58:15)



             JUNEAU -- Exxon Mobil Corp. is fighting to avoid paying interest on the $507 .5 million
             judgment the U . S. Supreme Court ordered it to pay for the Exxon Valdez oil spill.



             Lawyers for the Texas -based energy giant on Tuesday submitted a nine -page brief to the
             high court opposing the application of interest , which could bring the total punitive
             damages Exxon owes for the 1989 spill to nearly $ 1 billion.



       I     Exxon argues " there is no good reason " for the court to add interest.



             "Exxon does not agree that there is any sound basis to award plaintiffs what they seek --
             approximately $ 488 million over and above the $ 507.5 million that this Court determined
             was the legally proper amount to punish and deter ," according to Exxon's filing.



             Lawyers for commercial fishermen and other plaintiffs last week asked the Supreme Court to
             clarify whether interest would apply . The question came up after the court decided the
             long-running case on June 25, cutting the amount of damages from $2 . 5 billion to $507.5
             million without mentioning interest.



             Alaska lawyers representing the fishermen and other plaintiffs either didn ' t return calls
             Tuesday or declined to comment.



             One Cordova commercial salmon fisherman , RJ Kopchak , said he wasn't surprised at Exxon's
             move.


                                                             5




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021048
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "Everybody should be just livid about this kind of thing," he said. "We're all exhausted
           at this point. The big guy in the corner just keeps kicking our asses."



           Exxon spokesman Tony Cudmore said Exxon believes interest should be applied only from the
           day the Supreme Court ruled, and not for prior years.



           Cudmore added the company isn't trying to drag out a nearly 20-year case even longer.



           "Again, like everyone involved in the tragic Valdez accident, we're anxious to have the
           matter resolved. We know this has been a very difficult time for all involved," Cudmore
           wrote in an e-mail.



           With interest, and minus attorney fees, an estimated $628 million would be divided among
           the more than 32,000 plaintiffs in the civil case.



           Just when the Supreme Court justices might rule on the interest question is unclear.



           The court recessed at the end of June, having remanded the case to the 9th U.S. Circuit
           Court of Appeals in San Francisco to carry out the punitive damages award. According to
           the high court's Web site, during the summer the justices continue to analyze new
           petitions, consider motions and prepare for cases scheduled for fall argument.



           In its brief, Exxon's lawyers say that under court rules, if an appellate court "fails to
           provide directions" on payment of interest on a judgment, then no interest is allowable.



           The company's lawyers add that Exxon shouldn't be forced to pay interest as a way to
           further deter future spills, or because the case dragged on.



           They say the blame for the case lasting so long is on fishermen and other plaintiffs who
           kept urging a U.S. District Court judge in Anchorage to "disregard the plain command" of
           the appeals court that a jury's original $5 billion award in 1994 had to be reduced.



     I
           "There is ... no reason to penalize Exxon by awarding another $488 million in damages when
           the substantial delay here was not in any sense Exxon's fault," the company's brief says.



           Also Tuesday, the head of an industry watchdog group formed after the Exxon Valdez oil
           tanker hit a charted reef and spilled 11 million gallons of crude asked Gov. Sarah Palin
           to encourage Congress to censure "the five activist justices who recklessly issued" the
           "pro-business" decision on June 25.



           "Without the possibility of significant punitive damage awards, the task of keeping oil
           tanker traffic in Prince William Sound environmentally safe will become much more
                                                        6




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021049
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              difficult for organizations such as ours ," said John Devens, head of the Prince William
              Sound Regional Citizens' Advisory Council, in a letter to Palin.



              After long debate , Assembly votes to keep I/M testing

              TURNAROUND : Program was scheduled to expire at end of 2009.



              By TERRY CARR

              tcarr@ adn.com



              (07/16/08 01:57:34)



              The Anchorage Assembly gave new life Tuesday night to a vehicle emissions inspection
              program that had been slated to die at the end of next year.



              The decision reverses an 8-month - old vote by an Assembly of a different political stripe.



             The action to continue the program , which came on a 6-4 vote late in Tuesday night's
             meeting , means that most vehicles in Anchorage will continue to undergo an I/M ( inspection
             and maintenance ) check every two years . The Assembly approved exceptions for new cars and
             for old ones.



             "The real issue before this community is that we are in a category of city that has some
             of the worst air in this country ," said Assemblywoman Sheila Selkregg , who voted to extend
             the program . "Even though we meet ( federal) standards , we have a serious air issue."



             But Assemblyman Chris Birch said the panel should stick with the earlier decision.



             "The program has effectively run its course," he said. "We need to focus on issues in this
             community that are of a larger concern."



             Joining Selkregg in voting for the program were Assembly members Matt Claman, Patrick
             Flynn , Elvi Gray - Jackson , Mike Gutierrez and Harriett Drummond . Birch, Debbie Ossiander,
             Bill Starr and Jennifer Johnston voted no. Assemblyman Dan Coffey did not participate
             because of a conflict.



             A steady stream of people airing their views pushed a decision late into the night.



             Foes and fans of the program were about equally represented.




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0021050
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           "The issue is if we do away with I/M testing , the air will get worse ," said Dr. George
           Stewart, a retired physician who specialized in lung diseases.



           "We worked hard in getting this program implemented , and we don ' t want to see it go
           away," he said.



           Other doctors, several parents of asthmatic children , and representatives of groups such
           as the American Lung Association of Alaska also testified in favor of the program.



           But opponents of the program noted that Anchorage air, for years , has complied with
           federal standards.



           "You've already voted to kill the program," said Rick Braun . " Reinstituting it is nothing
           but a tax increase . ... Stop it . Put a stake in it. Kill it."



           The measure approved exempts new vehicles for the first six years . It also exempts 1967
           model years or older.



           Selkregg withdrew a proposal that would have required noise and safety checks.



           The tests have been in place in Anchorage since the mid-1980s . The program was enacted to
           get control of escalating pollution and to bring the city into compliance with federal air
           standards , which were often violated before then.



           The program requires that vehicle owners pay a fee of about $60 to have their vehicles'
           emissions checked every other year for problems. A study done for the city reported that
           drivers spend about $8.7 million a year on the tests and related repairs to bring vehicles
           into compliance.
     I

           Anchorage carbon monoxide readings declined significantly after the birth of the program,
           which cheered I/M program supporters and stirred opponents to undertake efforts to kill
           it.



           A task force put together by Mayor Mark Begich in June 2007 looked at the program to
           determine if it should be kept . In the end , that panel urged some minor changes - - such as
           a longer exemption period for new vehicles -- but urged that the city keep the program.



           In November , the Assembly voted 8-2 to kill the program as of the end of 2009. Only Claman
           and Selkregg then voting to keep it alive.



           The balance of power changed dramatically in the April municipal elections, with control
           of the panel swinging to a group further to the left.

                                                         8




                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01 _0021051
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              The proposals giving new life to the I/M program arose from that majority.



              Glacier history lesson

              Clues to past climates and hints of future are hidden in the ice



              By ELIZABETH BLUEMINK

              ebluemink @ adn.com



              (07/16/ 08 00:02:14)



              For the first time in decades ,   federal officials allowed drilling in the Arctic National
              Wildlife Refuge this summer.



              It wasn't for oil, though.



              The drillers were targeting ice buried deep in a glacier high in the Brooks Range.



              Their goal is to learn about the region's past climate and search for clues about the
              region's future.



              One pressing question: If the few Brooks Range glaciers dry up -- and it seems likely that
              they will if the current warming trend persists -- what will happen to the coastal plain
              rivers they feed?



              Despite all the recent interest in climate change in the Arctic, there's little data on
              historical climate change in this swath of the Arctic.



              "We're barely measuring what's happening now," said Matt Nolan, a glaciologist at the
              University of Alaska Fairbanks who led the ice core drilling project this summer.



              In other places where there's no written record, scientists can drill into trees to study
              their rings. But there are few trees in that part of the Brooks Range.



              Scientists can also analyze sediment layers drilled from lakes, but there aren't that many
              lakes there either.



              One thing the region does have is a scattering of small glaciers. Ice cores drilled out of
                                                           9




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0021052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             glaciers are one of the most valuable tools used by climate researchers around the world
             today to study temperature changes over hundreds and even thousands of years , Nolan said.



             On the Greenland ice sheet, for example, scientists have used ice core samples to probe
             annual temperature fluctuations as long ago as 100,000 years, he said.



             To Nolan, drilling the McCall Glacier -- in the heart of the Arctic wilderness -- seemed
             like a good research project.



             And time is slowly running out. Like other arctic glaciers in Alaska, the 4.3-mile-long
             McCall is losing about 3 feet of length per year. Physical evidence shows that the glacier
             was probably about 5 miles long in the 1800s. It may disappear in about 100 years, Nolan
             said.



             When the Brooks Range glaciers are gone, scientists may lose their best tool for looking
             deep into the past.



             WILDERNESS DRILLING



             Since the late 1950s, scientists have been traveling to the remote glacier -- 8,000 feet
             in elevation at its highest point and about 60 miles south of Kaktovik -- to learn about
             the dynamics of the region's glacial ice and its climate. Nolan has been leading research
             projects on the glacier for the past six years.



             In March , ANWR refuge managers granted Nolan and his research team permission to drill
             into the glacier for ice cores.



             That's unusual for several reasons.



             The glacier is part of the Arctic refuge's wilderness zone. It is almost impossible to get
             permission to use a mechanical tool in a federally designated wilderness. And to make
             things more concerning, these guys were packing fuel-powered drill rigs.



             Ordinarily, that sort of work would be prohibited, said Jimmy Fox, the refuge's deputy
             manager, based in Fairbanks.



             But Fox said the refuge staff has discretion to allow such projects. One thing they
             consider is whether the work can be done outside the wilderness. Another factor: Can the
             tools be minimized?



             In this case, the only place in the refuge where it made sense to do this research was the
             McCall Glacier, where related work has been occurring for more than 50 years. And drilling
             rigs were necessary -- massive ice cores can't be extracted with a hand auger, he said.
                                                            10




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021053
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           PRECEDENT?



           The project is also unusual because until now there haven ' t been many ice cores drilled
           out of Arctic glaciers in Alaska.



           The work was challenging, Nolan said, noting that at one point, the drill hit an aquifer
           in the ice, filling the drill hole with water.



           The team was constantly worried about losing the drill to the moving glacier, he added.



           The research team pulled a 500-foot-long ice core from the glacier a few weeks ago. That's
           the longest ice core ever pulled out of the U.S. Arctic, Nolan said.



           He said he hopes the core will provide a climatic record that goes back at least 200
           years, when the Little,Ice Age was cooling the northern hemisphere and arctic glaciers
           were still growing.




           "I'd like to know how much cooler it was , and whether it was wetter or drier ," Nolan said.



           The ice cores were flown off the glacier in a Beaver ski plane and for now, they are being
           housed at the Alaska Ice Art Museum in Fairbanks.



           The core samples will be analyzed by ice core researchers in Ohio and Belgium. Nolan said
           he hopes to have some findings by next March.




           Find Elizabeth Bluemink online at adn.com/contact/ebluemink or call 257-4317.




           What's in the ice?



           How do scientists use ice cores to reconstruct climate history?




                                                         11




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021054
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             · They analyze the relative concentration of hydrogen and oxygen isotopes.



             · They study materials trapped in the ice, such as insects, volcanic ash and radioactive
             fallout from nuclear tests.



             Young spends half of his contributions on lawyers

             CAMPAIGN: Parnell and Berkowitz raise twice as much as congressman.



             By ERIKA BOLSTAD and SEAN COCKERHAM

             Anchorage Daily News



       I      (07/16/ 08 02 :12:02)



             WASHINGTON -- U.S. Rep. Don Young spent about as much campaign money on lawyers helping
             him fend off a federal corruption probe as he raised for his re-election bid over the past
             three months, campaign finance filings show.




             Young, Alaska's Republican congressman since 1973, spent $48,521 on his own defense
             attorney this quarter, plus paid $55,000 to a Seattle lawyer who is defending one of his
             campaign aides. That brings the total amount Young's campaign has spent on lawyers since
             the probe began in early 2007 to just over $1.2 million.



             Meanwhile, Young raised $106,616 in campaign money over the past three months. Two of
             those seeking his seat, Republican Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell and Democrat Ethan Berkowitz,
             brought in more than twice that much. Berkowitz reports he now has a total of nearly
             $400,000 in campaign cash, almost as much as Young -- who in past elections had an account
             of over a million dollars.



             The legal expenses continue to chip away at what remains of Young's campaign fund.



             "Of course we're concerned, but we still have our nose to the grindstone and we're
             focusing on the campaign," said Young's campaign spokesman, Mike Anderson, who also serves
             as his chief of staff. "One thing Mr. Young knows how to do is how to campaign."



             Anderson said he expects that next quarter, some of the legal expenses charged to the
             campaign account will shift to the legal expense fund Young set up this winter to help
             defray his legal costs. U.S. House rules prohibit Anderson from being actively involved in
             that fund, but he said Tuesday that he has been told that it is raising enough money to
             pick up the tab for some of Young's legal fees.



            A report filed late Tuesday with the Federal Election Commission shows that Young
            continues to employ John Dowd of the Washington D.C. law firm Akin Gump. Dowd has been

                                                            12




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0021055
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             looking at documents in Young ' s office to determine what is privileged congressional
             information that they believe Young can withhold and what must be turned over to executive
             branch investigators.



             Young continues to refuse to say exactly what his legal fees have been paying for, but the
             congressman is connected to several federal investigations . They include a wide-ranging
             federal probe into corruption in Alaska politics , which has focused on the fundraising
             practices of the former oil - services company Veco Corp.



             Young ' s campaign also spent     about $55 , 000 this quarter and $35,000 previously with John
             Wolfe , a Seattle lawyer who      represents Steve Dougherty , one of the congressman ' s longtime
             campaign aides. Separately ,      the campaign paid the Washington D.C. law firm Tobin,
             O'Connor , Ewing and Richard      $ 25,167 this quarter to review its campaign filings.



             Young ' s $106,616 in reported campaign contributions the past three months came from a
             number of sources including Alaskans , congressional lobbyists and oil company BP.



             Young faces two opponents in the August Republican primary . One of them,             Parnell , raised
             $ 266,000 in the same period , his first full quarter as a candidate.



             Much of Parnell's campaign money came through the national anti-earmark group , the Club
             for Growth . The group said it is also is launching anti -Young television ads in Alaska.
             The other Republican running , Gabrielle LeDoux, brought in just over $200,000 in the last
             three months ; $157 , 500 of that was her own money.



             Among the two candidates competing in the Democratic primary for the U . S. House seat,
             Berkowitz has raised far more campaign money than Diane Benson.



             Benson reported raising $ 52,606 in the past three months, with donations from Alaskans as
             well as the Tohono O'Odham Nation and the Hualapi Tribe, both of Arizona.



             Berkowitz -- who brought in over four times as much in the same period -- reported money
             from Alaska donors in addition to national money from sources such as unions , Planned
             Parenthood and congressional Democrats.



             Begich , Stevens rake in millions

             CAMPAIGN: Mayor raises money quickly; senator still has more.




             By SEAN COCKERHAM

             scockerham@ adn.com



             (07/16/08 00:14:12)

                                                                13




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021056
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich hauled in more than a million dollars in just the past three
            months for his campaign to win the seat of longtime Alaska Sen. Ted. Stevens.



            "We're very excited," said Begich spokeswoman Julie Hasquet. "We have a huge war chest
            we're up against. We're just going to have to keep plugging away."



            Begich has shown he can raise money fast since entering the race at the end of April. But
            the Republican Stevens also continues to raise campaign money at a good clip, according to
            the new federal campaign finance reports out Tuesday. Stevens reported raising $745,000
            over the past three months. That left him,. after expenses , with a remaining campaign
            treasury account of $1.68 million.



            Stevens has around double the cash on hand that Begich reported after campaign expenses.



            Stevens said in a written statement that "we have continued to have strong support from
            hundreds of Alaskan donors."



            David Cuddy, who is running against Stevens in the Republican primary for the Senate, said
            he's raised just around $10,000 in the past three months. Cuddy has spent about $130,000
            on his campaign so far -- mostly out of his own pocket.



            "It's very hard running against a 40-year incumbent and with the economy the way it is,"
            Cuddy said.



            Cuddy said he doesn't get the "lobbyist and special interest" money that Stevens does.
            Cuddy challenged Stevens in 1996 for the Republican nomination and spent roughly $1
            million, most of that from his own bank account. Cuddy said he's not prepared to spend as
            much of his money this time and will lose the primary unless he can get people excited
            about his views of a federal budget that's not loaded with "pork" projects.
      I



            Ray Metcalfe, who is running against Begich in the Democratic primary, said he's raised
            "not much for money." Metcalfe said he's been more focused on proving his allegations that
            Begich has improper financial relationships with Anchorage developers. Begich says
            Metcalfe's claims are baseless.



            The details of Begich's and Stevens' campaign contribution and spending reports were
            released Tuesday and combine thousands of pages. They'll be closely analyzed over the
            coming days but an immediate scan through Stevens' report shows Alaska donors as well as
            money from Citigroup, the American Cable Association, the United States Telecom
            Association, Southwest Air, Clear Channel Communications and lobbying firms.



            Begich's report, available on his campaign Web site, also shows     Alaska donors as well as
            money from several unions, the abortion-rights group NARAL, the     American Association for
            Justice lawyers group and political action committees of Senate     Democrats. Begich also
            picked up a lot of small donations via the Internet through the     ActBlue Democratic
                                                         14




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021057
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             political action committee.



             Safety department appointee denies account of sexual harassment

             ACCUSATION: State' s new public safety boss claims no "skeletons."



             By MEGAN HOLLAND

             mholland@ adn.com



             (07/16/ 08 00 :13:25)



             The new state Department of Public Safety Commissioner Chuck Kopp on Tuesday denied a
             history of sexual harassment while he was police chief in Kenai.



             Stories of inappropriate conduct by Kopp toward a former employee surfaced after Gov.
             Sarah Palin abruptly replaced commissioner Walt Monegan with Kopp on Friday.



             Asked at a press conference to get his side of the sexual harassment allegations, Kopp
             responded : "There has never been a sexual harassment allegation that resulted in a lawsuit
             or a settlement by the city of Kenai."



             Asked how many complaints have been filed against him, he said : "I do not have a history
             of complaints . Obviously, there has been a source that has talked about an incident, and
             anything that would be a personnel matter with another individual I would not be able to
             comment on. But, again , I just want to encourage you guys, there is absolutely nothing in
             my record that I' m ashamed of. There's no skeletons in my closet."



             Asked again how many complaints have there been, Kopp said . " There ' s only one that I've
             ever been, ah, that has ever happened . Period . And I don't want to comment on that."



       s
             Palin knew of the accusation before she picked Kopp , her spokeswoman Sharon Leighow said.
             She looked into it and found it to be unsubstantiated , Leighow said . The governor still
             supports Kopp , she said.



            On Sunday , a Kenai Peninsula woman e -mailed Pal-in that Kopp is " a dishonest , manipulative
            bully" who once sexually harassed her.



            The woman , whom the Daily News has agreed not to name , said Tuesday she worked for Kopp in
            2005 as his assistant . Kopp repeatedly asked her for hugs and a once kissed her cheek, she
            said. When she objected to his behavior , he reprimanded her, she said.



            She reported the incidents to another supervisor , who took it to the city council, she
                                                        15




                                                                                                        P RAGS P01 _0021058
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            said. It was also reported to the Alaska Police Standards Council.



            Her claims were substantiated, she said, and she was given a different boss.



            A city councilman at that time, Joe Moore, said any personnel matters are confidential.



            The police standards council said it would not reveal information about investigations
            into unethical behavior unless it resulted in the officer having his badge taken away.



            Palmer building permits dip to 10-year low

            MONEY: City takes in $22,583 compared with $63,821 for the same time period last year.



            By T.C. MITCHELL

             tcmitchell@adn.com



             (07/15/08 22:45:57)



            PALMER -- While many property owners' renovations are giving downtown Palmer a face-lift,
            that may be a bit deceiving regarding construction overall.



            At the City Council's meeting July 8, Sandra Garley, director of community development,
            gave the mayor, city manager and the council some grim news: The number of building
            permits issued so far this year is at a 10-year low.



             Through June, only 50 permits had been issued to builders. That compares to a high of 80
             for the same period in 2003.



             Beyond being bad for builders, the slowdown has hurt the city's pocketbook.



             The city charges for those permits, and the first half of this fiscal year has brought in
             $22,583 compared to the same time frame last year totalling $63,821.



            And even though there weren't many. permits granted in 1999, the value of the property
            being built was $14.5 million compared to this year's $2 million.



            "It's a reflection of the economy at the state and federal level," Garley said Friday.
            "We've had few housing starts, and that's part of that low number. Palmer's always had
            peaks and valleys."

                                                          16




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0021059
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The story ' s similar in Wasilla.



           "We're experiencing the same thing ," city planner Jim Holycross , said Monday . " In June we
           had six permits , and this month we have two. Of course the month isn't over."



           He said the Primrose Retirement Community has been a bright spot with its four duplexes,
           32 assisted living units and 36 single-family homes. He said multiple - family units like
           duplexes are helping out, as well as additions to established businesses such as Fred
           Meyer and the Alaska Club.



           Wasilla also has attracted some big-box-type stores, Sportsman ' s Warehouse among them.



           That ' s where Garley thinks Palmer is hurting , in addition to the home construction slump.



           "We're not getting the big stores ," she said .    " They're waiting for the economy to turn
           around."




           Garley said bigger businesses are showing an interest in locating in the hub of government
           in the Valley but not this year. She said advance people have been stopping in to get
           information about building codes and other compliance data, but they're telling her
           they ' re waiting for better financial conditions.



           With building in slow mode , those who supply lumber , paint, wiring and all the other
           stuff , are feeling it as well.



           "It's less than before, but everybody ' s not doing as much business as last year," said
           Jason Crist , assistant manager at Spenard Builders Supply in Palmer.



           "We had two or three good years there."



           As for this cycle , "We'll have to wait 'til the end of the year to know for sure" how
           business turns out.



           Mat-Su , Anchorage still at odds over ferry landing

           TYONEK: Cook Inlet village plans to sign up for service and build community dock.



          By RINDI WHITE

           rwhite@adn.com

                                                         17




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021060
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            (07/15/ 08 22:46:06)



           WASILLA -- Construction of a catamaran-style ferry to transport passengers from Anchorage
           to Port MacKenzie is expected to be complete in fall 2009, but the Matanuska-Susitna
           Borough is still waiting for Anchorage to agree on a landing spot on its side of the
           inlet.



           Meanwhile, neighboring Cook Inlet community Tyonek plans to sign on as a ferry customer.



           The ferry is a one-of-a-kind ship being built by the federal Office of Naval Research.



           That office is paying for construction, estimated at $50 million, because its interested
           in features such as the ferry's movable deck that can be raised or lowered to allow beach
           landings in wartime.



           The vessel is also an icebreaker that should be able to plow through Cook Inlet ice floes
           year around.



           According to Tyonek's development consultant John McClellan, the village's tribal and
           community leaders are reviewing a memorandum of agreement with the Mat-Su Borough saying
           it will support the project and seek funding for a Tyonek landing dock.



           Tyonek, a community of about 181 people 45 miles west of Anchorage, would be a two-hour
           ferry trip from Anchorage.



           "It's only accessible now by air. For a family to go shopping in the urban center they can
           literally see from town, it just doesn't happen. It's very difficult to organize that,"
           McClellan said.



           Borough manager John Duffy said Tyonek ' s involvement is a sign of support for ferry
           service in Cook Inlet.



           "That further supports what we've been saying for many years, that the ferry system will
           create a lot of new economic opportunities. That's something Anchorage should keep in
           mind, that a lot of these economic opportunities will benefit them," Duffy said.



           If Duffy's comment sounds critical of Anchorage, it's meant to. Mat-Su and Anchorage
           officials have been deadlocked over where the Mat-Su ferry should land for several years.
           The Anchorage landing is expected to cost $30 million, Mat-Su port director Marc Van
           Dongen said.




                                                         18




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021061
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Anchorage municipal leaders want the ferry to land . at its expanding port where , according
             to Anchorage economic and community development executive director Mary Jane Michael, its
             landing dock can be reused if the ferry one day stops operating.



              Mat-Su Borough officials want the ferry to land at Ship Creek , well away from security and
              traffic at the port.



              Both Michael and Duffy said they hope a letter from Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich outlining
              his expectations for the project will resolve the issue.



              But the borough says the delay has had a significant cost.



             Van Dongen said ferry service is delayed by two years because a site has not yet been
             picked , and that the landings will cost $6 million more to build due to rising
             construction costs.



             Michael said Anchorage supports the ferry project but it has to blend with development
             plans the city already has for Ship Creek.



             And the city wants to see plans for raising capital and operational funds that will
             resolve concerns that the project would be a burden to Anchorage taxpayers one day if the
             ferry business stops or subsidies for operations don't follow as planned.



              "We need to see a comprehensive plan for the ferry , not just choose a landing ," she said.



             Duffy said the borough is preparing that information . He said the borough does not yet
             have funding to build the Anchorage landing, although he's confident the borough will. get
             it.



              " It's real hard to ask for funding if you don ' t know the final cost," Duffy said.



             Duffy said the ferry will likely be complete in 2009 but piloting it from Ketchikan to
             Anchorage in rough winter seas could " reduce the useful life " of the vessel.



             He estimated the vessel would be in Cook Inlet in the spring of 2010.



             MEA to pursue gas plant




             Anchorage Daily News
                                                            19




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021062
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              (07/15/ 08 22:46:36)



             WASILLA -- Matanuska Electric Association says regional electric plans won't affect its
             pursuit of a natural gas plant to serve Eagle River and Mat-Su customers.



             Utility cooperative representatives were at an Anchorage meeting of utility leaders and
             others Thursday, participating in a two-year state-funded Railbelt Electrical Grid
             Authority study.



             Kevin Harper with energy consulting firm Black & Veatch presented preliminary study
             results that analyzed how Railbelt utilities would be affected if they combined generation
             and transmission duties. Harper's presentation estimated utilities could save between $10
             and $30 million each year over 30 years by consolidating into a single, state-run entity.
             Harper said the utilities, many of them member-owned cooperatives, could continue to
             operate as energy distributors.



             MEA spokeswoman Lorali Carter said after the meeting that MEA administrators have
             previously backed plans for a traditional generation and transmission cooperative along
             the Railbelt but are concerned that a state-run entity, overseen by governor-appointed
             board members, might be too subject to political whims.



             Further, Harper's presentation suggested that the authority might have easier access to
             tax-free financing if it was not subject to regulation by the state Regulatory Commission
             of Alaska. Carter said MEA would prefer that the new entity remain under Regulatory
             Commission control.



              Fort Wainwright soldiers head to Iraq




             The Associated Press



              (07/15/ 08 10:37:03)



             About 500 soldiers based at Fort Wainwright near Fairbanks will be deployed to Iraq this
             week , the Army says.



             A deployment ceremony is planned Thursday for the soldiers of Task Force 49.



             The unit will provide aerial reconnaissance and air support in. Iraq during the 12-month
             deployment.

                                                           20




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0021063
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska gas prices highest in US




           The Associated Press



           ( 07/15 / 08 10:25:24)



          The AAA says the average price of regular gas in Alaska is the highest in the nation,
          topping this month's list at $4.64 a gallon.



          Alaska is followed by California at $4.51 a gallon and Hawaii at $4.47.



          The automobile association surveys nearly 100,000 gas stations across the country daily.



          The Anchorage average is $4.42 a gallon today compared with $2 . 98 a year ago, AAA said.
          The Alaska average a year ago was $3.12.



          Nationally , regular gasoline prices average $4.11, AAA said.



          Meanwhile, oil prices tumbled today as U.S . stocks sold off amid worries about the
          nation's economic health.



          Prices dropped more than $10 a barrel from their highest point of the day . At midday,
          light , sweet crude fell $ 6.27 to $ 138.91 in an extremely volatile session.



          The turnaround may not signal a lasting shift in sentiment ; prices have swung violently in
          recent days as they flirted with record highs. But it does underscore investor uncertainty
          about the sustainability of sky-high prices and their effect on the broader economy.



          "They ' re slamming this pretty good . But remember , these $ 10 moves are becoming a little
          more commonplace ," said Phil Flynn, analyst at Alaron Trading Corp . in Chicago.




          Oil prices plunge to $138

          INFLATION: Investors showing uncertainty over sky-high prices.


                                                         21




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021064
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                By ADAM SCHRECK

                The Associated Press




                 ( 07/15 / 08 23:18:55)



                NEW YORK - - Oil prices fell harder than they have in 17 years Tuesday as fears that record
            i   fuel prices are spreading broad economic pain exacerbated the third big sell-off in just
                over a week.



                Alaska North Slope oil plunged $ 6.44, or 4.5 percent , to close at $ 138.04 a barrel on West
                Coast open markets . Other grades of oil from around the world fell similar amounts.



                Mounting concerns about the risks inflation poses to the United States, the world's
                biggest oil consumer , helped spark the declines . Analysts also attributed the sell-off on
                the New York Mercantile Exchange to Thursday ' s expiration of options contracts , which tend
                to increase volatility, and to computers programed to automatically sell once prices reach
                certain thresholds.



                "There was this big ... selling pressure when prices dipped below $ 140 a barrel. It got a
                lot of bulls very nervous ," said Tom Kloza , chief oil analyst at the Oil Price Information
                Service. "If it was a fire, you'd call it an accelerant."



                The drop , which eclipsed last Tuesday ' s slide of $ 5.33, marked the biggest decline in
                dollar terms since the Gulf War. Even so , prices remain no lower than they were a week
                ago.



                Longtime market observers cautioned that the turnaround might not signal a lasting shift
                in sentiment -- prices have swung violently in recent days as they flirted with record
                highs. But it does underscore investor uncertainty about the sustainability of sky-high
                prices and their potentially long-lasting effects on the broader economy.



                Concerns about the economy were high on traders ' minds Tuesday.



       ti       Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress that "numerous difficulties" are
                racking the U.S. economy , and warned that rising prices for energy and food are elevating
                the risks of inflation.



                At the same time , the Labor Department reported that wholesale inflation jumped by 1.8
                percent last month, a larger-than - expected gain. Over the past year, wholesale prices have
                risen 9.2 percent , the most since 1981.



                The latest monthly market report from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
                                                             22




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0021065
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           gave traders further reason to unload oil.



           The cartel predicted world oil demand will rise by 900,000 barrels a day in 2009, or
           100,000 barrels per day less than this year. OPEC blamed the slowdown on a slumping
           economy and high pump prices in richer industrialized countries.



           Meanwhile, a five-day strike by Brazilian oil workers that began early Monday had less
           effect on output than feared.



           The dollar fell to a new low against the euro, but that did little to halt oil's decline.
           The weaker dollar has driven prices sharply higher in recent months, enticing investors to
           pump money into oil as a hedge against inflation and making crude cheaper for overseas
           buyers.



           President Bush continued to press the Democratic-run Congress to open up new areas to
           offshore oil drilling. The president lifted a ban on continental shelf drilling Monday,
           but a congressional prohibition remains.



           At the fuel pump, retail gas prices in the U.S. remained at a record near $4.11 a gallon,
           according to auto club AAA, the Oil Price Information Service and Wright Express. Diesel
           rose six-tenths of a penny to its own high of $4.83 a gallon.



           The AAA says the average price of regular gas in Alaska is the highest in the nation, at
           $4.64 a gallon.



           Alaska is followed by California at $4.51 a gallon and Hawaii at $4.47.



           The Anchorage average is $4.42 a gallon today compared with $ 2.98 a year ago, AAA said.
           The Alaska average a year ago was $3.12.



           Tuesday's sell-off alone is unlikely to bring drivers much relief.



           "People shouldn't expect to see their pump prices drop," Kloza said.




           FAIRBANKS DAILY NEWS MINER



                                                        23




                                                                                                     PRA GSP0I_0021066
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Slow business prompts perks in Denali park




            By Rena Delbridge <http:// www.newsminer . com/staff / rena-delbridge/>



            Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008



            FAIRBANKS - Visitation is down 13 percent so far this year at Denali National Park,
            prompting some businesses to offer major bargains in hopes of sparking in-state travel.



            According to the park public affairs office, 143,514 visitors entered Denali so far this
            year, compared to about 164,324 at this time in 2007. Even camping reservations declined
            17 percent through June 22, said Kris Fister,,park public affairs manager.



            Attributing the decline to a slow economy and rising gas prices, Denali Park Resorts is
            offering half-price bargains on two-night stays through Sept. 17 - plus a $100 gas card.
            More two-for-one specials are available on tours and activities hosted by the company.



            "We are really having to provide tremendous value for the gas dollar," said Bob Concienne,
            vice president for Alaska operations for Aramark Parks and Destinations, which owns Denali
            Park.Resorts.



            Traffic is down at Denali Park Resorts' four lodging facilities near the park, Concienne
            said. At the same time, changes in consumer spending patterns indicate people want more
            value for a dollar - and that they are willing to forego far-off vacations in favor of
            staycations, or vacations taken at home or close to home to save money.



            "The incentive is gas," he said. "If we can incentivize folks to come. visit our properties
            if we pay for their gas, all the better."



            Aramark wanted to capitalize on the momentum of staycations. Staycations will be a key
            component of Denali Park Resorts' business for the next few years, he added.



            "We've got to provide that sort of option and make it attractive," he said.



            Denali Park Resorts' focus on staycations could boost business at independent businesses
            serving tourists around the national park - some of whom say they're unable to offer such
            drastic cuts as the national chain Aramark.



                                                            24




                                                                                                         P RA_GS P01 _0021067
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Instead , they are relying on word-of -mouth advertising and loyalty, offering discounts for
           return customers and military, and hoping this tourist season picks up.



           Joanna Cockman is co-owner of Denali Outdoors Center , a Healy business that pairs a
           campground and cabins with raft trips , kayak tours and mountain bike excursions.



           Tourism is definitely slow this season , she said, although the pick-up in German - speaking
           travelers has helped offset the overall decreases.



           That' s because the center caters to independent travelers, rather than those on package
           tours, and German -speaking guests are more likely to see Alaska on their own.



           The center always offers discounts for locals , she said.



           The slow- down has also hit high- end tourist services , such as flightseeing . Tim Cudney,
           director of business development for Era Helicopters , said he and others in the business
           have noticed declines this year.



           He said Era is taking the slowdown in stride , managing better instead of laying off staff
           or making other cuts . A cushion is softening the situation - Era raised rates
           significantly last year to reflect higher fuel costs, and is somewhat offsetting declines
           in numbers through those fee increases , Cudney explained.



          While Era isn't trying to lure more business with deals, people can typically save money
          by buying tickets direct, Cudney said.




          Energy summit to focus on gasification facility




                                                        25




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021068
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           By Rena Delbridge <http://www.newsminer . com/staff / rena -delbridge/>



           Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008



           FAIRBANKS - High-ranking federal and state officials will be in Fairbanks this week for
           an energy summit hosted by borough Mayor Jim Whitaker and U.S. Sen . Ted Stevens to fast-
           track a plant to turn coal and biomass into power, fuel and heat for Interior Alaska.



           Officials attending include U.S. Department of Energy Undersecretary Bud Albright Jr., and
           Kevin Billings , deputy assistant secretary of the Air Force for Energy and Environment.
           Alaska's Washington , D.C., delegation and state Speaker of the House Rep. John Harris, R-
           Valdez , are expected to attend , as well . Gov. Sarah Palin was invited but hasn't confirmed
           her plans.



           Whitaker said the summit will hopefully solidify federal and state support for the
           Interior Energy Plan that the borough and the Fairbanks Economic Development Corporation
           have been working on for more than three years . Heating and fueling costs have increased
           exponentially during that time, prompting Whitaker and others to push for quick action on
           a plant.



           Attendees will hear from experts in resources , transportation , technology and more on
           Friday morning at Wedgewood Resort, followed by a question - and-answer period . The group is
           scheduled for dinner and a reception at Chena Hot Springs , where discussions will continue
           Saturday morning.



           Each party will be asked to pledge support and to consider what they can bring to the
           table to build the facility.



           "We recognize that it will take a bit of time, but not much , in order for the participants
           of this summit to be fully authorized ( to act) ," Whitaker said . "The intent is to fast-
           track this."



           Making sure planning is complete and funding is in place will fast-track the project, he
           explained . Local proponents are also hoping for a military commitment to site the facility
           at Eielson Air Force Base and to purchase fuel, a key component in bringing a plant online
           quickly, Whitaker said.



           Meanwhile, FEDC and the borough anticipate a report this fall from Toronto-based
           consultant Hatch Ltd . that should identify the best options and costs for building a
           gasification facility.



           As proposed , such a plant would turn coal and biomass into gas , then use the Fischer-
           Tropsch process to turn the gas into liquid fuel for space heating and transportation.
           Additional gas would be used to power turbines to generate electricity.


                                                          26




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0021069
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The same raw materials , coal and biomass, could also be gasified as synthetic fuels. The
             Air Force could be a critical market for those synthetic fuels.



             The Fischer -Tropsch process was developed in Germany in the 1920s . The process has been
             used for several decades to fuel vehicles in South Africa.



             Whitaker and Stevens are hosting the energy summit with support from FEDC.




             Fairbanks fire training center expected to open in September




             By Staff report <http ://www.newsminer . com/staff / staff-report/>
       I

             Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008



             FAIRBANKS - The Fairbanks Regional Fire Training Center on 30th Avenue and Lathrop Street
             is expected to be completed by the end of September if the City Council approves a
             resolution to fund the completion of the second phase of the project.



             The fire training center is used by city, borough and interior firefighters and has been
             funded by the state and local governments so far.




             Fairbanks borough , UAF eye free bus rides




             By Christopher Eshleman <http://www.newsminer.com/staff / chris-eshleman/>



             Originally published Tuesday, July 15, 2008 at 1:00 p.m.

             Updated Wednesday , July 16 , 2008 at 12:17 a.m.



            FAIRBANKS - University students,    professors , employees and teachers could start riding
            the bus for free this fall.




                                                             27




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0021070
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The Fairbanks North Star Borough and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are eyeing a deal
             where anyone with a school ID card could hop on any public bus line for free, anywhere,
             anytime.



             Brian Rogers, the university's interim chancellor, said rising gasoline costs, coupled
             with parking fees, can leave some students and staff paying up to $10 a day to commute and
             park.



              "Absent this," Rogers said of the proposed pilot program, "there's a real barrier to
             .students, an economic barrier, and all of us are facing it." The rising cost of commuting
              to school and work hinders the school's mission of promoting academic excellence and
              lifelong learning in Alaska, he said.



              Four of the borough's six fixed-route bus lines - Yellow, Blue, Red and Gray - make
              regular stops at the university's main campus, and the downtown transit center sits a
              couple of blocks away from the school's Tanana Valley Campus.



             It would hit a slice of the community that already uses the bus often - about one in six
             of all 292,000 bus rides start or end at the university's Wood Center student activity
             building, said Glenn Miller, who directs the Transportation Department for the borough.
             But there could be room for growth, as only seven riders disembarked from a combined four
             bus stops at the Wood Center between 9:15 and 9:45 Tuesday morning.



              Twenty-one-year-old chemistry student Kyung Kim said she'd heard something last week from
              a friend about the prospect of free rides.



             "I think it's a good idea," said Kim, an incoming sophomore who has used monthly bus
             passes to commute between North Pole and UAF all summer. A native of Korea who has
             attended high school and college in Fairbanks for four years, she said free rides would
             make her think seriously about commuting year-round. She said the bus system in her
             hometown is far more convenient than here, but added that in many ways, using the
             Fairbanks routes still beats driving.



              "If the bus system was more convenient, I might take the bus to come here every day" all
              year, she said outside the Wood Center on Tuesday.



              Borough Mayor Jim Whitaker is set to formally pitch what would amount to a pilot project
              this week.



             For the first year or two , the university would pay the borough a fraction of the
             prospective contract ' s price tag to compensate for lost fares , Miller said. After that, if
             the pilot project is successful , the two sides can strike a longer -term deal that would
             leave the university on the hook to pay roughly $ 200,000 or more each year.



             The Borough Assembly could approve the trial run as early as July 24. That would put the
             free-rides program in place weeks in advance of the fall semester.

                                                            28




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01 _0021071
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Part - time students would also be eligible for the proposed program, as would anyone with
            an active school identification card.




            Whitaker said the proposal also carries the potential of increasing overall ridership
            numbers, which he said could mean more federal funding for the bus system.



            " Overall , it's a significant winner for both the borough and the university ," he said.



            Many large cities , including Anchorage , strike transit deals with big employers . Rogers
            said the idea has been floating around Fairbanks for a few years.



            This summer , he said, Whitaker ' s chief of staff revived the idea during meetings with
            Rogers ' administrative services transition team.



            The group realized the plan could help lower student costs , make life on campus a little
            more "sustainable ," make it easier to park and get people in the habit of using public
            transit.



            "Based on that , the mayor put together a proposal ( for) us and I said, ` Yes, we're
            prepared to pay a portion on a trial basis .' And off it went," Rogers said.



            Miller said more bus riders would also reduce air pollution by cutting the number of cars
            on the road, including a type of pollution consisting of tiny bits of airborne dust,
            chronic in Fairbanks.



            "Reducing the total ( vehicle miles traveled ) will not only help us in our current
            struggles " with particulate pollution , Miller wrote in an e -mail, "but with other
            pollutants such as carbon monoxide and other gases that seem to be front page news around
            the country today."



            The school would pay the borough almost $20 , 000 under the first year of the pilot program.



            Anchorage has used a similar deal to offer free bus rides to university students and staff
            for a decade , according to Jody Karcz , the city ' s transit director . The number of riders
            who flashed their university ID for a free ride more than doubled during the U-Pass
            program ' s first couple of semesters , from 359 riders per day to 850, she said . Since then,
            the city has struck similar ridership deals with a few other big employers including
            ConocoPhillips.



            Karcz said she thinks frequent riders appreciate the added option of taking the bus for
            free to and from work, particularly in light of the rising cost of gasoline.

                                                           29




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0021072
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             She suspects rising fuel costs have led to increased ridership in Anchorage, which has
             risen by about 10 percent in recent months.



             "When you get rid of the fare, you make ridership a lot easier," she said.



             Rogers said organizers would define a long-term free-rider program based on how well it
             works during the trial course.



              "We really appreciate that the mayor came up with this program and hope the trial shows
              that it does make a difference and reaches all of our objectives ," he said.




             Most e-mailed stories




              1.North Pole man arrested for DUI on lawn mower
        i
              <http:// www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 / jun/24 /north-pole -man-arrested- dui-lawn-mower/> June
              24 1 157 comments <http:// www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 / jun/24 / north -pole -man-arrested-dui-
              lawn-mower/#comments>




             2.Long-horned beetles swarm Fairbanks , bringing painful bites
             <http://www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 1 jul/04 / swarm-beetles -makes -noticeable - appearance-
             fairbank /> July 4 1 50 comments <http: // www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 / jul/04 / swarm-beetles-
             makes-noticeable - appearance- fairbank /# comments>




              3.Fairbanks family holds vigil for son missing off Australian coast
              <http:// www.newsminer . com/news /2008/jun/19/local-family-holds-vigil- son-missing-
              australian-co/> June 19 1 27 comments <http:// www.newsminer . com/news /2008/jun/19/local-
              family-holds-vigil-son-missing-australian- co/#comments>




              4.Solstice bike ride through Denali a trip of a lifetime
              <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jul/03/solstice-bike-ride-denali-trip-lifetime/> July
              3 1 9 comments <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jul/03/solstice-bike-ride-denali-trip-
              lifetime/#comments>




              5.Denali Park's new Eielson Visitor Center is a marvel of `green' engineering
              <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/30/denali-parks-new-eielson-visitor-center-marvel-
                                                                30




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021073
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            gre/> June 30 ( 3 comments <http:// www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 /jun/30/denali-parks-new-
            eielson-visitor-center-marvel-gre/#comments>




            6.Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce CEO resigns over gas line letter
            <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/16/fairbanks-chamber-commerce-ceo-resigns-over-
            gas-li!> June 16 1 65 comments <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/16/fairbanks-
            chamber-commerce-ceo-resigns-over-gas-li/#comments>




            7.Bear mauls girl in all-night bike race in Anchorage
            <http://www.newsminer . com/news /2008/jun/29/grizzly-mauls-girl-all-night-bike-race-
            anchorage!> June 29 1 38 comments <http://www.newsminer . com/news /2008/jun/29/grizzly-
            mauls-girl-all-night-bike-race-anchorage/#comments>




            8.Stryker brigade preps for deployment in the desert
            <http://www.newsminer . com/news /2008/jul/10/stryker-brigade-preps-deployment-desert/> July
            10 1 5 comments <http:// www.newsminer . com/news / 2008 /jul/10/stryker-brigade-preps-
            deployment-desert /#comments>




           9-Lee true to form as Panners shine in Midnight Sun
           <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/22/lee-true-form-panners-shine-midnight-sun/>
           June 22 1 8 comments <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/22/lee-true-form-panners-
           shine-midnight-sun/#comments>




           10.Alaskans would get $1,200 each to offset energy costs under Palin's plan
           <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/20/alaskans-would-get-1200-each-offset-energy-
           costs-u/> June 20 { 41 comments <http://www.newsminer.com/news/2008/jun/20/alaskans-
           would-get-1200-each-offset-energy-costs-u/#comments>




           JUNEAU EMPIRE



                                                          31




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0021074
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             With low rates back, conservation slackens



             AEL&P spokesman says energy use still lower than in 2007




             Juneau is still conserving electricity compared to last year . But in the month the city
             spent back on lower rates , usage crept up once again.



             "Energy use in 2008 is trending upward at a relatively constant slope ," wrote Alaska
             Electric Light & Power Co. spokesman Scott Willis in an e-mail.



             Last week, Juneau used about 13 percent less electricity than in the same week last year,
             according to numbers provided by Willis. Conservation persists despite this year's cooler
             temperatures, which ordinarily tend to correlate with higher electricity use.



             In the weeks before the April 16 avalanche , Juneau was using about 2 to 3 percent more
             electricity than during the same time in 2007 . That trend might have been expected to
             continue - until avalanches destroyed the lines from the Snettisham hydroelectric power
             plant and forced the city to rely on more expensive diesel . At the height of Juneau's
             enthusiasm for conservation, in May, residents and businesses made national news by
             conserving electricity by more than 30 percent compared to the year before.



             Anecdotally , Juneau Home Depot manager Troy Wolfinbarger painted a similar picture. After
             the avalanches , he couldn ' t keep compact fluorescent light bulbs in stock, as pallet after
             pallet sold out. Now, he said , they're still selling more than they were before the
             avalanches , but just slightly more. Gas - fueled major appliances such as dryers and stoves,
             which also gained sudden popularity after the avalanches , are also still selling a bit
             more , he said.



             "I can see there is still some consciousness out there about energy conservation, but it's
             nothing like it was," he said.



             Was the conservation a temporary blip in our usual consumption habits ? Could it portend
             greater future energy conservation?



             "I think some of it still may be behavioral . I think people may have found that they can
             do just fine without certain things ," said Willis , noting that lights were still dim at
             various offices around town , and that he himself had realized he could turn his boiler
             off.



             The focus on conservation for many may shift back to petroleum products , as gasoline and
                                                          32




                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0021075
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           heating oil prices rise - and the latter is once again more expensive than electricity.



           "What I'm hearing from friends and family is the inclination to go buy plug-in heaters
           because oil is so expensive," said Sally Schlicting, a member of the city Sustainability
           Commission.



           But people can't just switch to a new energy source, she added.



           "You've got to insulate your home and reduce your energy consumption," she said.



           Responding to news of the upward trend, Bill Leighty, an energy. analyst and former member
           of the city Energy Advisory Committee, said people shouldn't be surprised by it.



           "People are sick and tired of not being able to use their electric dryers," he said.



           He maintained that Juneau could have done more - and could still do more - to retrain
           itself to consume less energy.



           That would have required, for example, seeing a shockingly high bill very early in the
           crisis; conducting home energy audits on a mass scale to find and fix where energy is
           wasted; and installing smart meters in houses to show people directly the effects of
           turning on appliances.



           "If you're training a dog, you need to give the dog rapid, immediate feedback to reinforce
           or discourage behavior . We're just smart dogs, in this case," Leighty said.




           KETCHIKAN DAILY NEWS



           Committee to discuss tax incentives



           KETCHIKAN (KDN) - Property tax incentives is a discussion item for the Planning Liaison
           Committee's meeting Tuesday.

                                                        33




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021076
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Assembly Member John Harrington, committee co-chair, listed in a memo four possible tax
          incentives/exemptions for the committee to discuss, including historic sites, buildings
          and monuments; maintenance and repair or renovation of an existing structure; economic
          development property; and substantial rehabilitation of deteriorated property.



          Harrington writes historic buildings could be exempted from taxes, according to state law.



          Tax incentives for maintenance of an existing building category is limited to four years,
          and the extent of repairs while rehabilitation of deteriorated property is up to 10 years.



          Economic development property only applies to new capital ventures and is limited to five
          years.



          Also on Tuesday's agenda, is a review of the comprehensive plan update sections 3 through
          6, and going over the proposed job description for an economic development manager.




           KTUU




          Valley Bureau

          Wasilla council grapples with unethical behavior




          Tuesday,   July 15, 2008



          WASILLA, Alaska -- The Wasilla City Council has agreed that Mayor Dianne Keller and her
          staff acted unethically to benefit a developer.



          But Monday night the council had a more difficult time deciding what should happen to all
          those involved.



           "My concern is that if we don't do anything here, we've essentially told the employees
                                                       34




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021077
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            that we condone this behavior ," Councilwoman Dianne Woodruff said.



            Woodruff proposed an action memorandum to censure the two current and one former employee
            accused of working inappropriately and illegally with Meritage Development Group.



            The memorandum failed with a 3-1 vote.



            Some council members say since the mayor hires her staff she must be the one to discipline
            them.



            "I just want to make sure that we take the right process," Councilman Marty Mativa said.
            "You know, we're governed by code, there's certain things we can do, and there's certain
            things we can't do."



            Council member Steve Menard announced Monday he will bring back his June 30 motion for a
            vote of no confidence in Mayor Keller.



            The original motion was pulled after council approved a motion to request Keller's
            resignation. Keller told the council she will not resign.




            News Minute: Inflation... Potential veeps ... Israeli confirmation




            Associated Press - July 16, 2008 9:03 AM ET



            WASHINGTON (AP) - Americans were again paying a lot more for energy last month -- and that
            led to the biggest jump in consumer inflation in 26 years. The government says prices .
            soared by 1.1%, a much worse showing than expected. Big gains for gasoline, home heating
            oil and natural gas get much of the blame.



            CHICAGO (AP) - Barack Obama is meeting with two potential running mates amid a push to
            outline his vision for Iraq and U_S. foreign policy elsewhere. Obama will be joined by
            Indiana Senator Evan Bayh and former Georgia Senator Sam Nunn at an event at Purdue
            University in Indiana today.



           CINCINNATI (AP) - John McCain will speak before the NAACP's annual conference in
           Cincinnati. In his speech, he'll promise to expand school choice, saying new reforms
           should be demanded by parents who send their children to failing schools.


                                                           35




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0021078
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             ROSH HANIKRA ,   Israel ( AP) - Hezbollah guerrillas have turned over two coffins containing
             the bodies of    Israeli soldiers captured two years ago. Though Israeli officials had
             suspected the    soldiers were dead all along , the sight of the two coffins was the first
             proof of that    since they were captured.



             STICKNEY, Ill. (AP ) - A family from suburban Chicago says they arrived at a funeral home
             to view their 91-year -old grandmother ' s body, but found another woman inside the casket
             instead . The family of Lillian Grogan says the stranger was wearing their grandmother's
             dress and favorite bracelet , after the funeral home mixed the women up.




             OTHER PAPERS




             Letters to the Editor /Opinion




             ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS




              (Letters to the Editor / Opinion)




             Hydropower

             Chakachamna has become an alternative worth exploring




              (07/15 / 08 23:10:13)



             A good- sized hydropower project at Chakachamna Lake about 85 miles west of Anchorage looks
             promising as a major source of renewable energy that can help hold down electricity costs
             in the Railbelt for decades.




                                                             36




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0021079
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          The proposed project would generate enough power to provide electricity to nearly a third
          of the homes from Fairbanks to Anchorage to the Kenai Peninsula -- enough to take the edge
          off worries that cheap, once-abundant supplies of natural gas from Cook Inlet are drying
          up.



          It's worth a serious look -- especially compared with more costly or most environmentally
          disruptive alternatives, like using coal, or building a more massive hydro project on the
          Susitna River.



          The Chakachamna project is estimated to cost $1.75 billion. That would be a big
          investment, but as with all hydro projects, a big up-front investment buys a source of
          electricity that runs for decades, with fuel costs that are essentially zero. The price of
          electricity from the project will depend on whether the state contributes construction
          funds. The more the state contributes, the less the electricity will cost. Power from the
          state-financed Bradley Lake hydro project, near Homer, wholesales for around 4.4 cents a
          kilowatt hour compared to about 7.5 cents for electricity from natural. gas generators.



          Chakachamna-was among 33 alternative energy projects that just won a small but encouraging
          grant from the Denali Commission and the Alaska Energy Authority.



          The project was first brought up in the 1980s, but big-dreaming community leaders and
          politicians at the time favored a huge and ultimately unrealistic hydro project on the
          Susitna River. TDX Power recently revived Chakachamna Lake, simplified it, and lessened
          one of the major concerns with the early version -- that it could hurt salmon runs.



           The latest proposal , instead of creating a dam, calls for building a 12-mile long tunnel
           to funnel water from the mountains to a power plant near sea level . The idea is that the
           level of the lake wouldn't have to be raised behind a dam that would block salmon from
           swimming upstream.



          It's not clear whether building Chakachamna would hurt the economic prospects for a
          natural gas pipeline from the North Slope to Southcentral. To make that gas pipeline
          economically feasible, it needs some big industrial customers to buy a lot of gas -- such
          as Railbelt electric utilities, which burn the gas to generate most of their power.
          Hydropower would mean cheaper electricity in the long run, but the gas pipeline will mean
          cheaper heating fuel in the long run.



          Which is the better option? Could the region support both projects? Those questions
          require speedy attention from the state. Other questions -- such as the impact on fish,
          risks from earthquakes and volcanic eruptions -- will need to be addressed too.



          Chakachamna is everything the Susitna mega- hydro project wasn't. It is a relatively
          modest, affordable project with environmental impacts that, at least at this very
          preliminary stage, appear to manageable. Having the Chakachamna project in the mix of
          possibilities is an exciting prospect for Alaska's energy future.



          BOTTOM LINE: This $1.75 billion project is a potentially attractive option that the state
          should help investigate.

                                                       37




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021080
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          A great leap



          On a June morning in 1937, my father, Fabian, crawled out of his sleeping bag in the brush
          at the edge of Fairbanks. He was 20 and had just spent his first night in Interior Alaska.
          The trip from Minneapolis lasted a week.



          I have often wondered what he thought as he folded up his bag. Was he anxious? A certain
          amount of courage was required to head north in 1937.



          Fabian's grandfather and great-grandfather needed courage, too, more than a half century
          earlier when they left Denmark for the United States.



          My family tree is filled with Irish names -- Carey, Sullivan, O'Sullivan, O'Keefe -- but
          there's also a Larsen branch. The Larsens were farmers in the old country and farmers in
          the new, at Ortonville, Minn., along the South Dakota border.



          A popular history of Minnesota says Ortonville was laid out by C.K. Orton who "established
          a trading post with the Sioux Indians. As the settlers filtered into the country and took
          up homesteads, Ortonville began to flourish...."



          The Larsens traveled by steamer from Copenhagen or Hamburg. I don't know where        they
          landed. If they sailed from Hamburg perhaps they heard the ship's band play --        as ship's
          bands did in Hamburg -- "Must I Then, Must I Then, Leave My Native Town." Yes,        they must
          -- Danish farmers struggled from year to year. Minnesota, they heard, would be        better.



          Yet what did the Larsens think the first morning they woke up in Ortonville? They had been
          traveling for days. They didn't speak the language. Their knowledge of American geography
          was so rudimentary it would be fair to say they didn't know where they were. It would be
          understandable if at day's end they watched the sun set over South Dakota and asked "What
          have I done?"



          Nevertheless, they got up the next morning and commenced working, becoming in a generation
          middle-class citizens -- and city people, residents of Minneapolis.



          My friend Jerome Lardy, who accompanied me to Ortonville a few years ago, liked to say
          "Michael, we have no idea where we are going in this universe. At least we'd like to know
          where we came from."



          I came from people who leapt into the unknown -- and landed safely. My gratitude is no
          bookend to their courage. But gratitude is what I have to offer. I would not be here if
          they had not leapt.
                                                      38




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021081
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             -- Michael Carey



            Letters to the editor (7/16/08)




             (07/15/ 08 23:10:14)



            Use flatcars to haul commuters



            Here's an idea to ponder regarding Valley commuters: What about ferrying cars on a
            railroad flatcar of some sort made especially for the task? That way commuters can have
            their cars in the city but take advantage of mass transit to and from the Valley.



            I am not a Valley commuter, but I. can see how simply taking a train into Anchorage to work
            presents some challenges with getting around once you're here, as well as those days when
            something may prevent you from getting back to the train on time to get home.



            -- Pam Butcher



            Anchorage



            Alaska gas line may be best



            Gov. Sarah Palin should be commended for her efforts to market our North Slope natural
            gas. Unfortunately, she now claims we have but two choices: TransCanada's or the
            producers' ever-retreating gas lines across Canada.



            Nonsense. We have always had the more lucrative and environmentally preferred all-Alaska,
            state-owned, privately operated gas line and LNG export option through Valdez. Given the
            price of oil, we can pay for it in one year -- and pocket the trillions of-dollars the gas
            will sell for in Asia.



            If TransCanada turns out to be the best qualified, they can build and operate it for us.
            If you agree, call or e-mail your legislators today and tell them that's what you want.




                                                         39




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021082
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            -- Mike Macy



            Anchorage



            Used wind generators worth look



             I am no expert on alternative energy. I am no expert on the Bush. I read in National
             Geographic that the largest wind resources in the world are on the Bering Sea coast and
             the Aleutians. I recently discovered that in California and other western states the
             first-generation turbines are being replaced with the new models (larger, more efficient).
             The old ones, still perfectly usable, are stacked like cordwood all over California. They
             are nearly giving them away. Has the state considered buying a bunch and installing them
             in energy-deprived Bush communities? If not, why not? I would think that a one-time
             investment in the tens of millions of dollars would provide cheap, renewable energy to the
             coastal Bush. Facing a crisis with no obvious solutions, recycled wind generators look
             pretty good to me. But I'm no expert.



             -- Anthony J. Pippel



             Palmer



             Quit whining about little eyesores



             Regarding "The good, the bad, the ugly" feature: I just find it funny and have to laugh a
             little when people in this town complain about an "ugly cement median" in the middle of a
             road, or a big rock on the side of a street near a brick wall, or a dumpster behind a
             building that you see for maybe, oh, three seconds as you drive by. Don't you yuppies have
             anything better to do than complain about eyesores in this town? Why don't you do
             something about it instead of just complain? But don't use my tax dollars, please. I'm not
             giving my money up just for some flowers for two months out of the year so you don't have
             to look at a box of dirt for one second while you drive by.



             -- Ross R. Henderson



             Anchorage



             Small-dog owners must be alert



             As an owner of two Maltese-poodle mixes, my heart goes out to Marelene Brannen, whose
             little Toby was killed by an attacking Rottweiler. In the last few months, my dogs have
             been charged three times by very large dogs while I have been walking them leashed in good
             residential areas. Fortunately, I always carry a small pepper spray just for this reason,
             and it is highly effective in stopping the charging dog.


                                                           40




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0021083
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Large dogs are attracted to small dogs as prey; it is instinct. I have owned small dogs
           most of my life, and I have experienced three serious attacks on my small leashed dogs by
           unleashed dogs attacking mine. One time the injuries were caused by the large dog
           "playing" with the little one. On two other occasions there were deep puncture wounds.




           Please , dog owners , keep your dogs leashed . Small-dog owners , be on constant alert when
           walking your dog and always carry pepper spray to stop an attack.



           -- Carol Winters



           Eagle River




           FAIRBANKS NEWS MINER




           ( Letters to the Editor / Opinion)




           Welcome back




                                                         41




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021084
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             World Eskimo-Indian Olympics makes summer whole again




             Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008



             July in Fairbanks just wasn ' t like a true July in Fairbanks last year.



             Now that the World Eskimo-Indian Olympics is home again, beginning today at the Carlson
             Center, our Fairbanks summer is whole again.


         i
             The four-day event, now in its 48th year, has long been a staple of Fairbanks summers.



             When the event moved to Anchorage last summer, locals who had attended the event year-
             after-year sorely missed the pageantry, browsing the rows of artisans' tables, the
             socialization and sitting down to watch those tests of strength that make spectators
             joints and muscles (and ears) ache in empathy.



             Attending this.event is a treat for the mind and senses more than a simple sporting event.



             It runs on a schedule, but is somewhat leisurely. The evening sessions begin at 5 and are
             scheduled up to midnight, but it' s not uncommon for things to run a little late.



             It is to be attended with the mindset of soaking it all in, conversing with the people you
             meet and taking time to listen and understand what you're watching.



             It involves gaining an appreciation of different cultures presented by everyone and
     i       everything from the Miss WEIO pageant contestants and dancers representing Haida, Tlingit,
             Tsimshian, Aleut and Athabascan cultures, to the artisans selling their crafts to the
             athletes performing tests of skill and strength.



             The athletic contests can be show- stoppers , make no mistake.



             Events ranging from the ear weight and ear pull competitions to knuckle-hop, high kicks
             and one-arm reach pull spectators into the drama of balance, endurance and sheer athletic
             skill.



             Attending these games involves a broad range of experiences, and most everyone comes away
             with a different impression or memory from each day's events.


                                                          42




                                                                                                        P RA_GS P01 _0021085
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Those who missed the games last year are thrilled to have them back again this year, back
           in Fairbanks, back at home.




          Kudos News-Miner




          Chief Mitch Demientieff, Nenana



          Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008



          July 14, 2008



          To the editor:



          I want to first of all congratulate the News-Miner for having the courage to make the
          decision to run the series regarding the John Hartman issue. I also know that Brian
          O'Donoghue with his teaching and organizing skills is responsible for this work. Having
          evaluated the work, it became self-evident the work of his students, and I am proud to
          witness that work because as great as Brian is in my mind, I know you young people did the
          grunt work and used well-researched information to make this series possible.



          It is sad, but racism is alive and well in Alaska today,. although it is different from
          years ago when there were "No Natives or Dogs Allowed" signs on businesses in Fairbanks.
          Now it is behind the back and through other refined means which do the same thing.



          I fully respect the judicial branch of our government, have the confidence that justice
          will prevail and want to see the proper people brought before the court and the innocent
          freed.




          Presumed innocent?




          Dick L. Madsen, Fairbanks



          Published Wednesday , July 16, 2008




                                                       43
                                                                                                  22 23451




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0021086
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             July 13, 2008



             To the editor:



             Congratulations on printing the well-written series on the Hartman murder case.



             It was well balanced, non-judgmental and yet brought out the many doubts, misconceptions
             and the immediate focus on only the four defendants by the local police.



             Before anyone writes a follow-up letter to you, I will unequivocally state that I have an
             obvious bias having represented Marvin Roberts since his arrest almost 11 years ago.



             Maybe if I live long enough, I will see the day when Marvin will see some small measure of
             justice in his case. As of now, his slim hopes lie in the State Supreme-Court or the state
             Parole Board.



             Within two years, Marvin will be eligible for parole and normally would have an excellent
             chance given that he has no past criminal record.



             However, parole is granted only to those who readily admit their guilt.



             I met with him last May and feel confident that he will never admit to something he did
             not do, even if it could mean his freedom.



            Although I have retired after practicing criminal law for nearly 40 years , I continue to
            represent Marvin Roberts, who is my only remaining client.



            In that period of time, I have never seen a case involving two or more defendants when at
            least one did not testify for the state in order to receive a lesser sentence. This has
            not happened even though it would put an end to all the doubts and speculation. Very
            strange indeed.



            In the meantime, it is very unlikely that anyone will magically appear to say what
            happened in October 1997. Roberts may well remain in prison for something he didn't do
            because one person claimed to have seen something that was impossible to see, perjury was
            likely committed, a jury violated its oath and a court system could not seem to do the
            right thing.



             Presumed innocent? Not in this case.




                                                            44




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021087
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Equal opportunity




            Zuzanna Bobinski ,   North Pole




            Published Wednesday, July 16, 2008




            July 15, 2008




            To the editor:



            I would like to thank Backyard Amusements for participating in the success of our
            organization ' s annual picnic in 2007.



            As we were organizing our picnic for this year's event at Pioneer Park, we were saddened
            to learn that the borough rejected Backyard Amusements ' participation in any more private
            parties in the park. This is truly unfortunate; more than 30 children attended last year's
            picnic and will miss Backyard Amusements ' services this year.



            I was also surprised to hear that the Midnight Sun Street Fair had an Anchorage company
            have its backyard amusement attend instead of having a local company at the Fairbanks
            street fair.




            JUNEAU EMPIRE




            ( Letters to the Editor / Opinion)


                                                        45




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021088
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             My turn: Sealaska should receive promised acres




             The recent Associated Press article about Sealaska's efforts to achieve final land
             entitlement under the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act is misleading.



             The story implies that through federal legislation, Sealaska will receive more land than
             it is allowed under ANCSA and fails to consider the environmental benefits from passage of
             this legislative amendment.



             Under the proposed amendment to ANCSA, Sealaska would receive only the acres that we are
             entitled to receive as promised by ANCSA - not a single acre more. Further, the
             legislation provides greater protection of old growth timber and a net increase in
             federally designated roadless areas, which has been a national priority for many
             conservation organizations.



             While ANCSA promised Sealaska up to 375, 000 acres of our ancestral homelands - a small
             fraction of the areas historically occupied by our tribal ancestors - we own just 290,000
             of those promised acres , by far the smallest share of any Alaska Native Regional
             Corporation.



             No other ANCSA Regional Corporation was as restricted in where their land selections could
             come from, which is a result of the strong control the now-defunct pulp mills once had on
             the Tongass.



             Sealaska is currently required to select its remaining lands from federally designated
             " withdrawal " areas.



             The proposed legislation would authorize the selection of our remaining ANCSA land
             entitlement from lands currently outside of the designated withdrawal areas , within
             Southeast Alaska and from lands generally set aside for commercial timber harvest. There
             would be a substantial net gain of roadless acreage in the Tongass National Forest, a
             public benefit.



             In our Native language we call the proposed legislation Haa Aani, simply "Our Land." The
             official name of the amendment is HR 3560, the "Southeast Alaska Native Land Entitlement
             Finalization Act."



             Under the amendment, Sealaska would select 3,600 acres for traditional Native sacred
             cultural and historic sites. An additional 5,000 acres of the entitlement would be for 47
             sites that could be developed for light-footprint ecotourism projects. Combined, these
             sites would be off-limits to commercial timber harvest or mineral development.
                                                          46




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021089
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            The remaining acres would come from nine parcels of largely roaded, second-growth forest
            lands currently managed by the U.S. Forest Service.



            Sealaska has been working with Southeast stakeholders over the last decade to create this
            proposal. It is a manifestation of our commitment to sustaining our Native culture and
            economies, something we call Haa Shag6on - Our Past, Our Present, Our Future. It is our
            never-ending work to balance our heritage and culture; our natural resources and
            environment ; and our economy and jobs.



            It is our goal to meet the needs of local citizens , Sealaska tribal member shareholders
            and all Alaska Natives . Sealaska has conducted nearly 150 meetings with stakeholders of
            every persuasion and actively participates in the Tongass Futures Roundtable , a diverse
            group of people who reside in or treasure the values of Southeast Alaska . It is this
            critical process that has informed the legislation and we will continue this effort - Haa
            Aani is still a work in progress.



            The benefits of the proposed amendments are significant . Sealaska is currently one of the
            southeast region's largest private employers . The amendment will enable Sealaska to
            continue to be a significant provider of jobs that positively impact many of the Southeast
            Alaska communities . The benefits reach beyond just Southeast Alaska.



            The ANCSA Section 7(i) revenue sharing provisions with the other ANCSA regional
            corporations ultimately benefit more than 80,000 tribal member shareholders.



            With Haa Aani, the federal government will fulfill its promise to Sealaska. At the same
            time, Sealaska will focus on its goals of perpetuating Native culture, serving the
            economic and social needs of its tribal member shareholders , and securing ownership of
            lands of great cultural and historic significance to the Native people of Southeast
            Alaska.




            Outside editorial: Taking advice from an oil man




            As legendary oil investor T. Boone Pickens tells the story, Republican Bob Dole wanted him
            to head up his 1996 presidential campaign in Texas. In return, Pickens wanted to be Dole's
            chief adviser on energy policy.



            Dole listened. And Dole advised Pickens on political reality:



            Right there, on the floor, that's a sleeping dog. Politicians don't kick sleeping dogs.
            Bill Clinton doesn't give a damn about energy and I don't either. We're not either one of
                                                         47




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0021090
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            us gonna kick a sleeping dog and so energy will not be an issue in this campaign.



           But in case one of us stumbles over the dog, and if one of us has a problem, you will be
           the guy who advises me.



            "Neither one of them," Pickens said, "had a problem with energy. ... They didn't want
            anything to do with it."



     I     And that, he said, sums up why the United States has stood by and watched its addiction to
     i
           oil grow for decades.



           Why would Dole or Clinton have cared? The price of oil struggled to crack $20 a barrel in
           1996 and a gallon of gas sold for about $1.50.



           Now gas is over $4 a gallon and Pickens isn't waiting for the government to come up with
           an answer. He has devised his own plan to help the U.S. reduce its dependence on foreign
           oil - and he's putting money behind it.



           In a visit to the Chicago Tribune editorial board last week, Pickens used an easel and a
           green marker to draw a picture of a country in crisis - and in denial. Net oil imports
           needed to meet daily demand have nearly doubled in the past 35 years, according to the
           U.S. Energy Information Administration, to nearly 60 percent from 35 percent. That's $700
           billion a year draining out of the country.



            "This is very close to war for this country," said Pickens.



           He proposes replacing the 22 percent of electricity the nation gets from natural gas with
           wind energy. That would free up that natural gas to become an alternative fuel for cars.
           He says cars running on natural gas could cover 38 percent of U.S. transportation needs.



           Pickens is on to something here. Dependence on foreign oil is creating a drag on the U.S.
           economy and puts the nation in a strategically vulnerable position.



           With gasoline this expensive and the U.S. economy teetering, John McCain         and Barack Obama
           aren't talking about sleeping dogs. They're talking energy alternatives.         McCain is pushing
           to build 45 new nuclear plants - and wants to offer a $300 million prize         for a better car
           battery. Obama wants the government to invest $150 billion over a decade         in new energy
           sources.



           The Pickens proposal should be part of this mix.



           Natural gas has a lot going for it. There's plenty of it here. It's a clean fuel; it
           doesn't contribute to greenhouse gases. It doesn't poach on the nation's food supply, as
                                                         48




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021091
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            corn-based ethanol does.



           There are a lot of moving parts to his plan. A large number of wind turbines would have to
           be built on a broad swath of the Great Plains from Canada to Mexico. (Price tag? About $1
           trillion. Pickens is an investor in wind energy.) A distribution system for the wind power
           would have to be built. (Estimated cost, $70 billion.) U.S. automakers would have to make
           a commitment to selling cars powered by natural gas.



            Rep. Rahm Emanuel , D-Ill., says he plans to push legislation to encourage automakers to
            sell natural gas cars here. The technology is available . European markets have shown
            strong demand for such cars.



           These are intriguing ideas. They carry some risk: boosting demand for natural gas cars
           would hike the price for natural gas if supplies don't rise or if the wind alternative
           doesn't materialize. But wind, too, is plentiful. These ideas would boost rural economies.
           And they would help the U.S. halt the disastrous upward trajectory of oil imports.



            There are plenty of other ideas. Let's work on clean coal technology. Coal still produces
            half our electricity - and will for years to come. We need a lot more nuclear power.
            Conservation efforts? Yes, absolutely.



            Swap wind power for natural gas vehicle fuel? Let's see Obama and McCain put that on the
            table.



            The American generation gap transcends race




            It was the whisper heard round the world. And even now, no one seems quite certain what
            that whisper means.



           Here was the aging lion Jesse Jackson, sitting in a TV studio, waiting to appear on Fox,
           forgetting the cardinal rule of TV studios: Always assume the mic is on.



           Dissing the young cub Barack Obama in a crude and anatomical way. Beyond the obvious
           admonition - "Shut up around microphones!" - there's such rich texture here.



           It's the story of one generation reluctantly giving way to another - half-supportive,
           half-suspicious of how the new folks will honor the past. There's fear of irrelevance,
           fear of mortality, fear the new ones will arrive in the promised land and forget who
           helped to get them there. It's a classic generational narrative, not limited to African-
           Americans, but as deeply steeped in that tradition as anywhere.

                                                          49




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021092
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            There's a huge new study out commissioned by the media company Radio One that shines a
            fascinating light on the complex nuances of black America. The data add a "yes, but" to
            almost any presumption you might have.



            Most blacks say they still struggle with discrimination. Seventy-two percent believe it's
            important to teach their children to deal with prejudice. But African-Americans aren't
            nearly as dejected by that as some racial theorists would proclaim.



            Seventy percent have a plan for the future. Fifty-four percent are optimistic about what's
            coming next. Sixty percent believe "things are getting better for me." At a time of
            general blah in America, these numbers come as pleasant surprise.



            Yet whatever you say about black Americans, there's almost always a caveat. Even a phrase
            like "the black community" doesn't mean any one thing. In fact, its members can't even
            agree on what they want to be called these days: 42 percent say "black," 44 percent say
            "African-American."



            All of which is to say, at the moment of hope and apprehension, as a torch is passed
            uneasily from one generation to the next: Be suspicious of all the old stereotypes.



            The mics are staying open. The answers will remain complex.



            Lisianski Inlet land hustle is wrong




      !i
            At the Pelican City Council meeting on July 8, I listened with dismay to a teleconference
            with the U.S. Forest Service Ranger in Hoonah. The basic point conveyed to the residents
            of Pelican was that discussions were taking place between the forest service and Shee
            Atika representatives about exchanging Shee Atika land on Admiralty Island at Cube Cove
            for approximately one third of Yakobi Island and a portion of Chichagof Island across from
            Pelican.



            Should this occur, all the now-public land on the selected areas in Lisianski Inlet would
            become the private property of Shee Atika Inc.



            The Cube Cove land was selected by Shee Atika in the 1971       Alaska Native Claims Settlement
            Act; it has been logged by the corporation. The Lisianski       land is adjacent to the West
            Chichagof-Yakobi Island Wilderness Area and is relatively       undeveloped land. The Apex-El
            Nido gold mine across from Pelican went out of production       in the late 1930s, and no
            structures remain standing.


                                                           50




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0021093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The Chichagof selected land stretches from the waterfall on the inlet across from Pelican
             westward around into Lisianski Straits to a point approximately two-and-a-half miles past
             Stag Bay. The Yakobi Island selection reaches from Soapstone Cove at the mouth of
             Lisianski Inlet to Miner Island and the down the Lisianski Straits to a point
             approximately two miles past Stag Bay.



             The forest service is interested in the exchange , because it would make Admiralty Island
             National Monument "more whole ." Evidently , they overlook current settlements at Greens
             Creek Mine , Funter Bay, city of Angoon , and Pybus Bay Lodge.



             I strongly object to this exchange; quite frankly Shee Atika made its selection and it
             should keep its land. Shee Atika has utilized its land by harvesting the trees; it makes
             no sense to trade that land for public land of great value.



             The Lisianski land in question is regularly used by residents of Pelican , Juneau, Hoonah,
             Sitka and elsewhere for deer hunting and other subsistence and recreational purposes. The
             proposed land exchange would remove more than half of the best hunting areas from public
             access . Rather than make the Admiralty National Monument "more whole" at the expense of
             some other area, let us keep ANSCA whole by adhering to the original terms; a deal is a
             deal . I will be writing to Forest Cole, forest service supervisor in Ketchikan , regarding
             this subject as well as every politician that may influence him. I encourage others to do
             the same.



             Norm Carson



             President , Pelican Chamber of Commerce



             Pelican



             Wearing a bike helmet matters




             Monday morning I received a not - so-subtle reminder about the importance of wearing a bike
             helmet , even on short trips without much traffic.



             A car slowed and motioned me to turn in front of it onto Lake Street from Etolin way, just
             as another cyclist was pedaling by in the next lane . As I turned left onto Lake , I looked
             back to make sure the car was staying stopped and I wasn ' t going to veer into the path,of
             the other cyclist. Somehow I accidentally squeezed my left ( front ) brake handle , and when
             the brakes grabbed my momentum threw me headfirst over the handlebars.




                                                           51




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01 _0021094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             The other cyclist stopped to see if I was OK, and he said it looked like I landed right on
             my helmet . I have road rash and bruises on the palms of both hands , my right knee and left
             inner thigh ( and I tore a pair of pants ). But I have no damage to my head, not even a
             scratch. The brain bucket worked, likely saving me from a concussion or worse fate.



             If you're a cyclist, please learn from my little incident that you should always wear your
             helmet, including on short trips. Even the most experienced cyclists can take a tumble
             (I'm not an expert , but I 've been commuting by bike off and on since gas cost less than $1
             a gallon). I was only a block from my apartment , and on clear pavement with no rain or
             gravel to make it slick.



             If you're a parent and your kids ride a bike , skateboard , scooter, in-line skates or
             similar vehicle , please be aware there is a Sitka helmet ordinance that requires helmet
             use for anyone younger than 18 years old (Chapter 11.70.010 of the Sitka General Code,
             www.hss . state.ak.us/ dph / ipems / injury prevention /helmetSafety /bicycle/legislation.htm).
             I've seen a lot more kids riding without helmets, and parents need to be aware they (the
             parents ) can be fined if their child is stopped by police for not wearing a helmet.



             Charles Bingham



             Sitka




       i

             OTHER OP-EDs




              ( Letters to the Editor / Opinion)




             Ketchikan Daily News




             Ready,   set, register



             Everyone knows about the presidential race - the one that seems to have been going on
             since Moses was in short pants - that' s to be decided in our nation's general election in
             November.



             It's been exciting, no doubt about it, and as voters we can hardly wait to participate. A
                                                         52




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 _0021095
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           whole lot of new voters has become engaged in the process this time, people who haven't
           been interested enough (or old enough) to vote previously.



           But there's something to do even before casting those historic ballots in November. And
           that's register to vote, in order to participate in Alaska's Aug. 26 primary.



           It could be tempting to look only at the general election as the big enchilada, so to
           speak, and not worry about the primary.



           But in Alaska, that's not a very good idea.



           Two years ago, a sitting governor with decades of experience in the U. S. Senate was ousted
           - in the primary.



           This primary season there will be plenty of names on the ballot, with a dozen candidates
           for the U.S. Senate seat alone. The best-known name there, of course, is incumbent
           Republican Sen. Ted Stevens, who is being opposed by Michael Corey, David Cuddy, Jerry
           Heikes, Rick Sikora, Vic Vickers and Rich Wanda, all seeking the GOP's nod.



           It doesn't end there. The Democratic front-runner, Anchorage mayor Mark Begich, isn't the
           only Democrat on the ballot, either. Ray Metcalfe and Frank Vondersaar want to be that
           party's standard-bearer.



           Other Senate primary candidates are Bob Bird, Alaskan Independence Party, and David Haase,
           Libertarian.



           Alaska Congressman Don Young won't be getting a free ride back to the U.S. House of
           Representatives, either. Other Republicans who want his job are Gabrielle LeDoux and Sean
           Parnell. The Democrats are having a dust-up, too, with Diane Benson and Ethan Berkowitz
           seeking the House nomination in August.



           Don Wright is the only Alaskan Independence candidate on the Alaska U.S. House ballot.



           But we don't get to vote for (or against!) any of them without being registered to vote.



           The deadline to register in time for the primary is July 27, and that's less than two
           weeks away. That's also the deadline for changing your registration, if you want to switch
           parties, or if you've moved, according to the state Division of Elections.



           You can register to vote at municipal clerks' offices, the Division of Motor Vehicles and
           the library. Applications also are available online at www.elections.alaska.gov. The
           division accepts applications in person, of course, but also by mail or fax.

                                                         53




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0021096
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           You may register after July 27, but then it will be too late to vote in the primary. And
           the Division warns that your party affiliation as of July 27 will determine which party
           ballot you'll be eligible to vote in the primary.



           So don't delay; register now. It really is an exciting year for elections; don't be left
           out.




                                                        54




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021097
