Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [randall. ruaro@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Wednesday, July 16, 2008 11:01 AM
                To:       Reeves; John M (DOT)
                Cc:       'gov.palin@yahoo.com; Rehfeld; Karen. J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Interactive Map Info.
                John:

                DNR has some extensive mapping abilities and some are available electronically on the web. The maps
                should show the boundaries and the title that land is held in, such as federal, state, local, ANCSA, etc.,
                and existing infrastructure, such as pipelines , roads, airports, etc., A user guide and links to the maps is
                attached. I did not mention to anyone at DNR why I needed this information.

                If DNR's DGGS division can create a map of known large projects that could be developed, (mining, oil
                and gas reserves and pipelines (small) and large renewable energy projects ), we could overlay the two
                maps, see where projects are located , know who owns the land the projects are on, and where the project
                is in relation to existing infrastructure.

                At that point, we could start doing some analysis of feasibility, rough cost estimates, positive economic
                impact, likelihood of stalling out due to environmental lawsuits, what infrastructure would need to be built
                to get the projects moving , and ranking the projects.

                This list could then be discussed by the commissioners and staff of DNR, DOT, Revenue, Labor, and
                OMB and ultimately, we could provide recommendations to the Governor.

                I am also mailing 2 wall size maps showing land ownership . Call me if you have questions.

                Randy




                From: Angaiak, Mary A (DNR)
                Sent: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 10:31 AM
                To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
                Cc: Lesh, Melanie G (DNR)
                Subject: Interactive Map Info.

                Hi Mr. Ruaro,

                I have attached a quick tip user's sheet so that you may use the mapping software programs faster and
                easier. If you have anymore questions please let me know . It was very nice to meet you and have a nice
                day.


                Mary Angaiak
                Department of Natural Resources
                Intern under Special Assistant to the Commissioner
                Phone: (907) 465-2402
                Fax: (907) 465-3886
                mary.angaiak@alaska.gov




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0021098
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                            Page I of 2


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, July 16, 2008 11:39 AM
                 To:        'beating the odds'
                 Subject: RE: NFL Agent Leigh Steinberg Invitation
                 Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                 have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                 every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                 person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                 From : beating the odds [mailto:rocco@beatingtheodds.org]
                 Sent: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 9:34 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: NFL Agent Leigh Steinberg Invitation


                 July 16, 2008



                 Dear Governor Palin:

                 Last year, in partnership with the Beating the Odds Foundation , Leigh Steinberg the real life inspiration of
                 the sports agent from the film Jerry Maguire, created the Leigh Steinberg Beating the Odds Quarterback
                 Club (Quarterback Club). The Quarterback Club consists of "quarterbacks of life ," whose stories help
                 students realize their dreams , set goals to reach those dreams , and overcome the challenges of life.

                 Governors, superintendents, principals, teachers and high school students across America are being
                 invited to join the National Quarterbacks of Life Team and become role models to elementary students.
                 The Quarterbacks of Life Mentoring Program works with students beginning in the fourth grade.

                 The Quarterback Club would like to invite you to present a message to the elementary students of your
                 state on the power of dreams, goals, overcoming the challenges of life, and the importance of developing
                 a never give up attitude.

                 Please visit www.beatingtheodds.ora and click on Quarterbacks of Life Mentoring Program under
                 programs to see the Governor of Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania 's Secretary of Education 's comments.

                 The internet is powerful. And we are developing technology that will allow us to reach kids , parents,
                 teachers, counselors and mentors across America.

                 This technology will enable Beating the Odds Foundation to deliver crucial curriculum to teachers and
                 mentors. Curriculum that includes Quarterbacks of Life success stories . Curriculum that will provide
                 children with the life skills needed to realize their dreams, and have a better shot at living meaningful, safe
                 and productive lives.

                 A technology with the sole focus on creating leaders out of millions of today's youths.

                 This program will be available in September of 2008.

                 This program aims to:

                       ·   connect students with mentors and role models


                 9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


                   ·      teach students skills they need to tackle the challenges of life

                   ·      help shape the development of America 's youth and the leaders of tomorrow

               Dr. John C . Worzbyt is the author of the Quarterbacks of Life Mentoring Program curriculum . Dr. Worzbyt has
               worked with the Beating the Odds Foundation since its beginning , developing the curriculums used by the
               Foundation for its school programs.

               I look forward to hearing . The Quarterbacks of Life would be honored to have you join our team. Your personal
               message and story will help our youth reach their full potential in life.

               Sincerely,

               Rocco Scalzi

                Founder

               (814) 932-8193




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021100
