Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, July 16, 2008 6:21 PM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Balash; Joseph R
                                     (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
            Subject:                 Re: letter


            If we need to meet on this, assuming Whitaker's not completely satisfied with AG's answer,
            then I'm available tomorrow.



              ---- Original Message -----

             From: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

            To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Balash,
            Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

            Sent: Wed Jul 16 17:45:45 2008

             Subject: FW: letter



            Please find letter dated July 17, 2008 that was just received via email from Mayor
            Whitaker in response to the letter he received from the Attorney General. The signed
            letter is attached.



             Dear Attorney General Colberg:



            Thank you for your letter dated July 10, 2008. The Fairbanks North Star Borough sincerely
            appreciates Governor Palin's commitment to finding solutions to Alaska's energy crisis.



            Your letter suggests that your office has taken, at most, a purely advisory role with
            regard to the pricing of cook Inlet natural gas (CI gas). You state that there has been
            "no action" and "no decision." Although it may be true that the State's intervention in
            various regulatory proceedings is not the only factor behind cheap CI gas, there is no
            question that your office has consistently advocated for a non-market price under the
            public interest pretext of protecting Anchorage "domestic supply needs."



            Our point is that this advocacy, apart from anything else the State is doing with respect
            to CI gas, runs directly counter to Article VIII of our Constitution.



            But your office's regulator advocacy is not our only complaint. We also have legal
            concerns regarding 11 AAC 03.010(e), a regulation that prohibits export of royalty CI gas
            absent a finding regarding intrastate (i.e., Anchorage) demand. This regulation clearly
            does not maximize the return on the state's royalty gas. Similarly, approval of the sale
            of royalty gas to ML&P at excessively low prices runs counter to the Constitution and
            statute.  And there are other examples where state action runs directly counter to
                                                                    1




                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021112
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           constitutional and statutory requirements.



          If the State were truly committed to maximizing gas royalties , it would advocate for a
          market price for CI gas . There's no doubt that a higher return on CI gas would directly
          stimulate more private investment , exploration and production in Cook Inlet than
          artificial price suppression combined with leveraged agreements with the producers.



           You note that Fairbanks may be a beneficiary of below-market CI gas . Whether or not
           Fairbanks receives such de minimis benefit does not change the legal reality that the
           State ' s advocacy and other actions regarding CI gas are ripe for legal challenge.



           Nevertheless , as long as there is positive movement toward a more equal distribution of
           the state ' s energy resources , we remain committed to working with the Administration and
           legislators on remedying the disparate impact that Alaska's energy crisis has on the
           Interior.




           Sincerely , Jim Whitaker, Mayor



           Cc:   Governor Sarah Palin

                 Commissioner Tom Irwin

                 Commissioner Patrick Galvin

                 State of Alaska Legislators




    J.




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1 _0021113
