Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
             Sent:                    Thursday, July 17, 2008 6:26 AM
             To:                      Morgan; Katryn L (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: House Democrats/Energy Bill


             Pls print for me for press conf today



             ----- Original Message -----

             From: John Katz <jwkatz@ALASKADC.org>

             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

             Cc: Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Banks , Kevin R (DNR); Perry, Kristina
             Y (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Irwin,
             Tom E (DNR); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

             Sent: Thu Jul 17 05:58:12 2008

             Subject:   House Democrats / Energy Bill




             Recognizing that you will soon be meeting with a number of House Republicans and
             Republican challengers, I have briefly analyzed below the latest energy proposal by House
             Democrats.




             This legislation, which was not available until this morning, will be voted on today in
             the House on the suspension calendar. The suspension calendar requires a 2/3rds vote for
             passage, and no amendments are allowed. So, the Republican energy package, which includes
             ANWR, will not be considered.




             There is virtually no chance that the Democrats' proposal will become law. However,
             because Alaska is prominently featu-red, and because there will be much rhetoric and press
             coverage, I have reviewed the bill, which is attached.




             *     NPR-A-leasing and pipeline construction - seeks to expedite leasing and the
             construction of necessary pipelines.   There appears to be nothing new here. The BLM is
             proceeding expeditiously with a leasing program, and I'm sure that pipeline construction
             will be expedited as necessary.

             *     Alaska gas pipeline coordination - makes the President responsible for coordinating
             pipeline activities.  The federal pipeline coordinator is vested with most of these
             responsibilities in the 2005 legislation. Bringing in the President and expanding
             somewhat on the scope of coordination might help marginally but is not much of a
             substantive change.

             *     Project labor Agreements - this section would require project labor agreements for
             the gas pipeline and makes mandatory earlier sense of Congress language enacted in 2005.
             In my opinion, the new language adds little, as almost everyone has expected project labor
             agreements .  However, producers and pipeline companies might feel that a mandatory
             requirement biases future PLA negotiations.
                                                                    1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0021161
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             *     Pipeline maintenance - requires that the operators of oil and gas pipelines in
             Alaska certify annually that their pipelines are being maintained and operated in a
             efficient manner.  In my opinion, this doesn't add much to existing law.

             *     Oil export ban - would reimpose the ban on exporting Alaska oil. This would
             accomplish little, as there have been no Alaska exports, we 're told, since 2000.  This
             would appear to be a slap at Alaska sovereignty since other states are not so encumbered,
             and limited amounts of crude oil and refined products are exported now.

             *     Use it or Loose it/federal leaseholders - would penalize leaseholders who are not
             acting diligently to produce oil and gas from their leases.  This would appear to add very
             little to the due diligence and production requirements of existing law and arguably does
             not recognize the realities of how hydrocarbons are explored for and produced.

             *     Royalty Payments - is designed to ensure that the federal government receives its
             proper share of revenues from federal leases throughout the country.  Again, existing law
             and regulations contain provisions to accomplish this purpose.



             Conclusion: In my opinion, this bill is more rhetorical than real. Neither it nor the
             Republican alternative has much chance of being enacted.



             There seems to be a consensus on the need to enact legislation to restrict petroleum
             speculation, but the consensus ends there. In the meantime, there is a bipartisan group
             seeking to draft a more meaningful energy policy that could attract enough votes to be
             enacted.




             John W. Katz

             Director of State/Federal Relations

             and Special Counsel to the Governor

             jwkatz@alaskadc.org <mailto:jwkatz@alaskadc.org>

             (202)624-5858




                                                            2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021162
