Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


                Unknown

                 From :    Burkert, Erin (GOV sponsored) [erin.burkert@alaska.gov}
                Sent:      Thursday, July 17, 2008 1:53 PM
                To:        Leiiggh^ow; Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Palin; Sarah H

                Subject: TEST-PR 08-120 Governor Palin to Chair NGA Natural Resources Committee 071708

                 F




                FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                 No. 08-120

                            Governor Palin to Chair NGA Natural Resources Committee

                July 17, 2008, Anchorage , Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin this week was named chair of the
                National Governors Association ( NGA) Natural Resources Committee . Montana Governor
                Brian Schweitzer will serve as vice chair. The announcement came as the NGA wrapped up
                its 100th annual meeting in Philadelphia.

               "I appreciate this opportunity and look forward to working with Governor Schweitzer on
               issues of energy, environment and natural resources ,' said Governor Palin. "Alaska's
               potential to continue providing a safe, secure and domestic source of energy is great. I look
               forward to addressing the growing energy challenges with the rest of the nation's
               governors."

               The NGA Natural Resources Committee is charged with pursuing legislation to make sure
               state needs are considered as federal policy is formulated in the areas of agriculture,
               energy, environmental protection and natural resource management.

               Founded in 1908 , the NGA is the collective voice of the nation's governors and is one of
               Washington, D.C.'s most respected public - policy organizations . NGA provides governors
               with services that range from representing states on Capitol Hill and before the
               administration to developing policy reports on innovative state programs.




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021176
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :           John Katz [jwkatztALASKADC.org]
                Sent:            Thursday, July 17, 2008 5:58 AM
                To:              Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Cc:              Tillery; Craig J (LAW); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV);
                                 Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Irwin; Tom E
                                 (DNR); Kelly; Russell T (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
                Subject:         House Democrats/Energy Bill
                Attachments: NPR 002 xmi.pdf
                Recognizing that you will soon be meeting with a number of House Republicans and Republican
                challengers, I have briefly analyzed below the latest energy proposal by House Democrats.

                This legislation, which was not available until this morning, will be voted on today in the House on the
                suspension calendar. The suspension calendar requires a 2/3rds vote for passage , and no amendments
                are allowed. So, the Republican energy package, which includes ANWR, will not be considered.

                There is virtually no chance that the Democrats ' proposal will become law. However, because Alaska is
                prominently featured, and because there will be much rhetoric and press coverage, I have reviewed the
                bill, which is attached.


                       NPR-A-leasing and pipeline construction - seeks to expedite leasing and the construction of
                         necessary pipelines . There appears to be nothing new here . The BLM is proceeding
                         expeditiously with a leasing program, and I'm sure that pipeline construction will be expedited as
                         necessary.
                       Alaska gas pipeline coordination - makes the President responsible for coordinating pipeline
                         activities. The federal pipeline coordinator is vested with most of these responsibilities in
                         the 2005 legislation. Bringing in the President and expanding somewhat on the scope of
                         coordination might help marginally but is not much of a substantive change.
                       Project labor Agreements - this section would require project labor agreements for the gas
                         pipeline and makes mandatory earlier sense of Congress language enacted in 2005. In my
                         opinion, the new language adds . little, as almost everyone has expected project labor
                         agreements . However, producers and pipeline companies might feel that a mandatory
                         requirement biases future PLA negotiations.
                       Pipeline maintenance - requires that the operators of oil and gas pipelines in Alaska certify
                         annually that their pipelines are being maintained and operated in a efficient manner. In my
                         opinion, this doesn't add much to existing law.
                       Oil export ban - would reimpose the ban on exporting Alaska oil . This would accomplish little, as
                         there have been no Alaska exports, we're told, since 2000. This would appear to be a slap at
                         Alaska sovereignty since other states are not so encumbered, and limited amounts of crude oil
                         and refined products are exported now.
                       Use it or Loose it/federal leaseholders - would penalize leaseholders who are not acting diligently
                         to produce oil and gas from their leases. This would appear to add very little to the due diligence
                         and production requirements of existing law and arguably does not recognize the realities of how
                         hydrocarbons are explored for and produced.
                       Royalty Payments - is designed to ensure that the federal government receives its proper share
     4
                         of revenues from federal leases throughout the country. Again, existing law and
                         regulations contain provisions to accomplish this purpose.

               Conclusion: In my opinion, this bill is more rhetorical than real. Neither it nor the Republican alternative
               has much chance of being enacted.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0021177
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                There seems to be a consensus on the need to enact legislation to restrict petroleum speculation, but the
                consensus ends there. In the meantime, there is a bipartisan group seeking to draft a more meaningful energy
                policy that could attract enough votes to be enacted.




                John W. Katz
                Director of State/Federal Relations
                 and Special Counsel to the Governor
                jwkatzCa^al kadcom
                 (202)624-5858




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0021178
