Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                  From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                  Sent:     Friday, July 18, 2008 2:14 PM
                 To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
                  Subject: Meeting with Commissioner Kopp and Commissioner Kreitzer

                Governor.

                I had a very good meeting with Commissioner Kopp and Commissioner Kreitzer today . They are going to work
                together on some steps they can take fairly quickly to help with recruiting and an issue with implementing VOIP
                phones at DPS that Wait was not helping resolve . (DPS is the only state agency resisting the VOIP phones) If
                we can get the issue fixed, we can probably avoid significant costs for ADMIN . We talked about a number of
                other issues as well.

                Basically , we made more progress in one hour with Commissioner Kopp on DPS issues than we were able to
                make with Waft in months.

                Randy




                8/25/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0021191
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                   Page 1 of 5


               Unknown

                From :      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
               Sent:        Friday, July 18, 2008 8:51 AM
               To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Jul. 17-23, 2008



               From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjournal.com]
               Sent:: Thursday, July 17, 2008 11:07 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 17-23, 2008

                                          If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                         Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 17-23, 2008


               HEADLINES...
               1. Waste Management offers to buy Republic Services for $6.19
                   Billion
               2. City of Dallas to Develop Bioreactor at City's McCommas
                   Landfill
               3. Stericycle Insiders Buy $20 Million in More Shares
               4. Strategic Materials to acquire Container Recycling Alliance
               5. EPA Releases Report on Climate Change and Health
               6. W2 Energy Inc. Gets $7 .9 Million Order for Waste-to-Energy
                   Plant
               7. CleanTech Biofuels to Acquire Biomass from MSW Technology
               8. BFI Canada to Announce 2Q Results on August 7
               9. WCA Waste Corp to Announce 2Q Results on August 6
               10. Clean Harbors Appoints Simon Gerlin Senior Vice President of
                   Finance


                 The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                 provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
                 please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
                 Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                 Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.
                                                                                   -


                --Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market..
                Market radius reports capture all waste
                operations within a given market. They
                provide analysis of the major players by
                market share, and show historical trends
                of pricing, volume and capacity specific
                to that area. [ Learn More...]




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0021192
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 5




               1.   WASTE MANAGEMENT OFFERS TO BUY REPUBLIC SERVICES
                    FOR $6 . 19 BILLION
                    Waste Management launched an unsolicited surprise counter offer to buy
                    Republic Services for about $6.19 billion, potentially derailing Republic's
                    deal to acquire Allied Waste Industries Inc. for $6.77 billion . Republic
                    said in a statement that it would carefully review the proposal and
                    respond in due course, but the company noted that it already had a
                    definitive merger agreement with Allied Waste . Waste Management's bid
                    of $34 per share represents a 22% premium to Republic's recent closing
                    price, but that stock had been off by 17% since rumors of its deal to buy
                    Allied first surfaced . Therefore, it is likely that Waste Management will
                    have to sweeten its offer before all is said and done.
                    It is also likely that the greater level of overlap between the two
                    companies' markets will necessitate some divestitures ; however,
                    according to Waste Management's Chairman and CEO, David Steiner,
                    "we're also certain the assets we'll get to keep are significant and make
                    for a compelling transaction ." Republic's strong business in Las Vegas is
                    an especially compelling asset , said Steiner. Even with divestitures, the
                    merger is likely to result in an expansion of Waste Management 's share
                    of the $55 billion waste management industry to 30 % from 24%.
                    According to Steiner, "Our proposal clearly offers a better and more
                    certain value alternative to Republic stockholders than the recently
                    announced Republic -Allied Waste transaction."
                    Waste Management is drawing strength from Its own recent
                    performance . The company said it expected to report second -quarter
                    earnings of between $0 .61 and $0.62 per share, excluding special items,
                    exceeding analysts' average estimate of $0.58 . Revenue rose 3.9% to
                    $3.49 billion during the quarter from a year earlier . Analysts were
                    expecting $3.43 billion...Read More a


               2.   CITY OF DALLAS TO DEVELOP BIOREACTOR AT CITY'S
                    MCCOMMAS LANDFILL
                    City of Dallas officials are planning to construct as many as seven
                    bioreactor cells on the city's McCommas landfill. The process which
                    recirculates landfill leachate to accelerate and augment waste
                    decomposition, could extend the life of the landfill by 100 years and
                    produce enough methane to power 16,000 homes. Construction of the
                    first cell is scheduled to begin in October. According to Ron Smith,
                    assistant director of the city's sanitation department , " Even though it
                    looks like we're just burying trash , it's really a huge science project."
                    The city hopes to reap $30,000 to $50,000 per month from the sale of
                    the power...Read More a


               3.   STERICYCLE INSIDERS BUY $20 MILLION IN MORE SHARES
                    Two longtime insiders of medical waste management firm Stericyde Inc.,
                    have purchased a combined $20 million in additional shares of company
                    stock according to recent filings with the Securities and Exchange
                    Commission. Company Chairman Jack Schuler and director John
                    Patience, whose venture-capital firm founded Stericyde in 1989, bought
                    the shares based on their belief that it represents a good investment in a
                    company and business that is somewhat insulated from troubles in the
                    general economy. According to Mr. Patience, "people still go to hospitals
                    and they go to the doctors' office and they have procedures and
                    procedures generate waste and Stericycle picks it up and treats
                    it."..Read More »


               4.   STRATEGIC MATERIALS TO ACQUIRE CONTAINER RECYCLING
                    ALLIANCE




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021193
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 3 of 5


                     Houston, TX-based Strategic Materials Inc., the largest glass
                     manufacturer in North America, has reached an agreement with the
                     investment group WHI Capital Partners to acquire glass recycler
                     Container Recycling Alliance (CRA) from WHI for an undisclosed amount.
                     CRA, which WHI bought in 2006, operates eight glass recycling plants in
                     the United States. Strategic Materials owns and operates 31 glass
                     processing and aggregation plants in the United States, Canada, and
                     Mexico and sells approximately 1.3 million tons of cullet annually ...Read
                     More »


                5.   EPA RELEASES REPORT ON CLIMATE CHANGE AND HEALTH
                     The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has released a report that
                     discusses potential impacts of climate change on human health and
                     welfare, and on communities throughout the U . S. Entitled "Analyses of.
                     the Effects of Global Change on Human Health and Welfare and Human
                     Systems," the peer-reviewed report is considered to be the most up-to-
                     date synthesis and assessment of scientific literature on the impact of
                     global change . It details specific challenges including unusual or
                     unexpected weather, and how some individuals and communities may be
                     disproportionately affected especially the elderly, the poor, children, and
                     people with chronic medical conditions ...Read More v



                                            UPDATED FOR 20081

                Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous
                Waste Sites 2008
                The Directory & Adas of Non-Hazardous
                Waste Sites is the only directory of its Idnd and
                is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
                facility database of nearly 8 ,000 waste
                processing and disposal facilities across the US.
                The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
                Waste Sites Is a powerful research and analysis
                tool that provides you with up-to -date, detailed
                operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy
                plants, materials recovery facilities, construction
                & demolition landfills , transfer stations,
                composting operations and more throughout the
                entire US . [Learn More ...]


                6.   W2 ENERGY INC. GETS $ 7.9 MILLION ORDER FOR WASTE-TO-
                     ENERGY PLANT
                     Toronto Ont.-based W2 Energy Inc. received a $7.9 million order to build
                     a 40 ton-per-day waste-to-energy conversion plant from Better World
                     Energy of Thailand . The plant will employ W2 Energy's proprietary
                     plasma and gas to liquid technologies to convert municipal solid waste
                     into synthetic diesel fuel. Heat from the plant will be converted to
                     electricity. W2 Energy will build, install and commission the plant...Read
                     More »


                7.   CLEANTECH BIOFUELS TO ACQUIRE BIOMASS FROM MSW
                     TECHNOLOGY
                     CleanTech Biofuels, Inc. is acquiring Biomass North America Licensing,
                     Inc. which owns the rights to use a technology for the production of
                     cellulosic biomass from municipal solid waste in the United States and
                     Canada. CleanTech will develop a commercial site using the licensed
                     technology at a transfer station currently operating in Chicago, Illinois
                     and owned by a principal shareholder of Biomass North America ... Read
                     More a




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0021194
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 5




               8.   BFI CANADA TO ANNOUNCE 2Q RESULTS ON AUGUST 7
                    BFI Canada Income Fund will release second quarter financial results at
                    the close of the market on August 7 and host a conference call the
                    following day at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern)... Read Mores


               9.   WCA WASTE CORP TO ANNOUNCE 2Q RESULTS ON AUGUST 6
                    WCA Waste Corp. will announce second quarter financial results at the
                    close of the market on August 6 and host a conference call the following
                    day at 8 : 30 a.m . (Eastem ) ...Read More»


               10. CLEAN HARBORS APPOINTS SIMON GERLIN SENIOR VICE
                   PRESIDENT OF FINANCE
                   Clean Harbors named Simon R. Gerlin to a newly created position of
                   Senior Vice President of Finance. Gerlin will report to Clean Harbors'
                   Chief Financial Officer, James M. Rutledge and oversee all of the
                   Company's controllership functions. He was formerly a partner at
                   PricewaterhouseCoopers for nearly 17 years... Read More g


                Waste Market Overview &             ors of the W"ft l
                Outlook
                The Waste Market Overview
                examines the industry top to
                bottom covering waste
                generation, collection,
                processing , recovery and
                disposal by revenue and
                volume. The report details the
                relationship of past and future
                pricing to capacity and demand
                for disposal , and shows the
                increasing role of the private
                sector. Waste equipment and
                the emerging importance of e-
                waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
                  Market Revenues by Segment
                · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                · Geographic Distribution of the Market
                · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                · Waste Management Equipment
                [Learn More...]




                 ABOUT US
                 Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                 variety of reports . We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                 on their particular needs . Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                 can help you.
                 CONTACT US
                 PO Box 40034
                 San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                 Tel 619.793.5190
                 Fax 619.793.4713



               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GS P01 _0021195
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                   Page 5 of 5



                  Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                  Forward email
                  UNSUBSCRIBE
                  This email was sent to of lce_of the_govemor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                  info@wastebusinessjoumal.com
                  Update Profile / Email Address I Instant removal with
                  SafeUnsubscribeTM I Privacy Policy.
                  QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                  Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                  DISCLAIMER
                  Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                  and are unintentional.




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0021196
