Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, July 18, 2008 10:18 AM
            To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Cc:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            -----Original Message-----

             From : WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail @ govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Friday, July 18, 2008 4:26 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin       ( GOV sponsored)

             Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Mr. Howard Hansen

             address: 4938 Barat Circle Anchorage AK 99508




            MESSAGE:

            Governor Palin,



            First let me say that I appreciate your service to the State of Alaska. I was born and
            raised in Alaska and have never been more pleased with any elected politician than you. I
            don't know you personally, but believe that you are a woman of character and am proud to
            have you as our Governor. I generally don't get.too worked up about political slander. The
            recent mud slinging regarding Public Safety Commisioner Monegan iritates me greatly. I
            want to say that, in situations like this, intelligent people consider the source and
            don't jump to conclusions. I want to let you know that many, many people are very happy
            with the job you are doing and support you. You bring character and class to public office
            and we can always use more of that. My wife and I will be praying that the Lord will
            continue to grant you favor and that He will keep His hedge of protection around you and
            your family. Again, thank you for your service.



            Howard Hansen




            heh@alaska.com




                                                                 I




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0021209
