Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 1


               Unknown

               From :     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:      Friday, July 18, 2008 8:45 PM
               To:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
               Cc:        Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Meeting with Commissioner Kopp and Commissioner Kreitzer
               Thank you so much. I had a good conversation with Kopp tonight - but for the life of me I will
               never understand how this has become the most clustered issue in my two-yr-old administration.
               Walt has shown his true colors - very sad and disappointing, and unacceptable if he misleads the
               public at all on any aspect of any of this... as he already has with his false allegations that Frank,
               Annette, Todd et al met with him and pressured him. False.

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)" <randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>
               Date : Fri, 18 Jul 2008 14:13:58 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               CC: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)<mike.nizich @alaska.gov>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
               <kris.perry@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Meeting with Commissioner Kopp and Commissioner Kreitzer

               Governor

               I had a very good meeting with Commissioner Kopp and Commissioner Kreitzer today. They are going to
               work together on some steps they can take fairly quickly to help with recruiting and an issue with
               implementing VOIP phones at DPS that Walt was not helping resolve. (DPS is the only state agency
               resisting the VOIP phones) If we can get the issue fixed, we can probably avoid significant costs for
               ADMIN . We talked .about a number of other issues as well.

               Basically, we made more progress in one hour with Commissioner Kopp on DPS issues than we were
               able to make with Walt in months.

               Randy




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0021213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                               Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Friday, July 18, 2008 11:00 AM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW Outdated Immigration Policy Threatens U.S. Economic Well-Being



                From: Council on Hemispheric Affairs [mailto:noreply@coha.org]
                Sent: Friday, July 18, 2008 10:57 AM
                To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Outdated Immigration Policy Threatens U.S. Economic Well-Being



                A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press
                               Release
                                      About COHA In the News Forum Internships

                   Skilled Labor: Outdated Immigration
                   Policy Threatens U.S. Economic Well-
                                   Being
                         - U.S. losing the race for talented immigrants
                         - Washington must update immigration policy to allow more skilled immigrants to
                         work in the U.S.

                 n 2007, Microsoft opened a software development center in Vancouver, Canada, in part to
                have access to highly skilled workers who are presently prohibited from residing in the
                United States. Microsoft's recent Canadian venture highlights a growing trend of U.S.
                companies seeking available talented workers in offshore countries and keeping them there
                Much of this in-place outsourcing has to do with Washington's failure to provide sufficient
                work permits to fill the pressing domestic need for skilled immigrant professionals. Making
                  afters worse, many of the immigrants who are unable to receive U.S. work permits have
                been educated at American universities. The U.S. pours valuable resources into the
                 ducation of would-be immigrants, whose knowledge and skills ultimately benefit other
                countries. The result is that the U.S. is missing out on substantial economic benefits by
                 efusing to grant work permits to skilled laborers, especially to those schooled here.

                 or Full Article Click Here

                 his analysis was prepared by COHA Research Associate Jamie Heine.

                Does the End Justify the Means? The Misuse of
                the ICRC Emblem by Colombian Intelligence in Its
                Hostage Rescue Mission

                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0021214
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                A Council on Hemispheric Affairs Press Release                                                                 Page 2 of 2



                   e now famed Colombian rescue mission Operation Jaque, responsible for the rescue of former
                "olombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt and 14 other important and high visibility
                 iostages from the FARC, is being criticized for using emblems from the International Committee o
                the Red Cross (ICRC) as part of its elaborate ruse. Colombia's president Uribe has acknowledged
                    deception and has formally apologized to the ICRC. Three photographs provided by an
                  known military source, and sold to CNN, show a Colombian soldier wearing an ICRC bib on his
                 rm. Furthermore, in previously unpublished video footage of the rescue mission, an emblem can
                   seen on the helicopter of the "Mision Internacional Humanitaria," which is supposedly an NGO
                 ased in Spain.

                ?or Full Article Click Here

                Ms analysis was prepared by COHA Research Associate Erina Uozumi.




                 'riday, July 18th, 2008 ( Press release o8.66


                The Council on Hemispheric Affairs,founded in 1975, is an independent non-profit, non-partisan, tax-exempt research and
                 information organization . It has been described on the Senatefloor as being "one of the nation 's most respected bodies of
                     scholars and policy makers." For more information, please see our web page atwww.coha.org; or contact our
                               Washington offices by phone (202) 223-4975 fax (202) 223-4979, or email coha@coha.org.
                                        If you no longer wish to receive our press releases, you may unsubscribe.




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021215
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               ED Review (07/18/08)                                                                                Page 1 of 5


                Unknown

                From:         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@aiaska.gov)
                Sent:         Friday, July 18, 2008 10:17 AM
                To:     '     Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: [ED REVIEW] ED Review (07/18/08)



               From: Honeysett, Adam [mailto:Adam.Honeysett@ED.GOV]
               Sent: Friday, July 18, 2008 5:06 AM
               To: ED_REVIEW@LISTSERV.ED.GOV
               Subject: [ED_REVIEW] ED Review (07/18/08)



                                                           ED REVIEW
                                                               July 18, 2008

                            ...a bi-weekly update on U.S. Department of Education activities relevant to the
                                  Intergovernmental and Corporate community and other stakeholders




                TEACHING AMBASSADOR FELLOWS

                On July 10, Secretary Spellings announced the selection of 25 teachers for Teaching Ambassador
                Fellowships with the U.S. Department of Education for 2008-09. Five Washington Fellows
                (Stephanie Canada, elementary physical education, Shawnee, OK; Jonathan Eckert, seventh-grade
                science, Franklin, TN; Steven Hicks, kindergarten and first-grade, Los Angeles, CA; Bobbi
                Houtchens, high school English and English as a Second Language, San Bernardino, CA; and Julie
                Shively, fourth- and fifth-grade gifted math, Lawrenceville, GA) will become full-time Department
                employees in Washington, D.C., for one year, engaging in policy discussions, working with different
                program offices, and participating in a variety of projects. Twenty Classroom Fellows will remain in
                their classrooms and be paid for assignments throughout the school year on a part-time basis. "I
                know we will benefit from the fellows' knowledge and experience in the classroom," the Secretary
                said. "While the Department offers multiple avenues for teachers to participate in policy
                discussions, this is truly a unique opportunity.... I hope it becomes part of the fabric at the U.S.
                Department of Education for many years to come." More than 1,000 teachers across the U.S.
                applied for the fellowships. Representing 22 states, all grade spans, and a range of subjects, fellows
                were selected based on their clear impact on student achievement, record of leadership, and
                potential for contribution to both the Department and the field. The program kicked-off this week
                with an orientation and policy conference in Washington. FOR MORE INFORMATION,
                PLEASE GO TO http://www.ed.gov/news/pressreleases/2008/07/07102008.html.




                NCLB UPDATE



                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021216
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              ED Review (07/18/08)                                                                                 Page 2 of 5


              The Department has published Fiscal Year 2008 Title I allocations by school.district Under the No Child
              Left BehindAct, districts must spend an amount equal to 20% of their Title I, Part A allocation to cover
              public school choice-related transportation costs and pay for supplemental educational services (SES).
              Districts have some discretion to determine the allocation of funds between the activities , but they must use
              at least one-quarter (5%) of the 20% "reservation " on each activity, if the cost of satisfying demand for each
              exceeds 5%. Moreover, for each student receiving SES, districts are required to pay the lesser of the actual
              cost of such services or an amount equal to the district' s Title I, Part A allocation divided by the number of
              poor children within the district, as determined by Census Bureau estimates . FOR MORE
              INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http:// www.ed gov/about/overview/budget/titlei/fy08/. (Note:
              Due to state level adjustments of Title I allocations, the amounts received by districts will be smaller than
              shown)

              Speaking of SES, on July 7, the Department's Office of Innovation and Improvement (011) announced a
              new grant competition to encourage the establishment or expansion of partnerships between supplemental
              educational services programs and 21st Century Community Learning Centers projects, in order to increase
              the academic achievement of low-income students in Title I schools identified for improvement, correction
              action, or restructuring. Through this demonstration, OR will fund proposals that will serve as national
              models of how these two federally authorized after -school initiatives can be coordinated so that a greater
              number of students enroll in, participate in, and complete academic after -school services. A "notice of
              intent" to apply is due July 21, while the deadline for applications is August 12. FOR MORE
              INFORMATION; PLEASE GO TO http:// www.ed.gov/programs /sesdemo/. (Note: In the near future,
              the Department will be holding a technical assistance conference call for interested applicants. Details will
              be posted on the program 's web site.)



              IDEA DETERMINATION LETTERS

              As required by statute, the Department recently issued determination letters regarding states'
              implementation of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). Each state was evaluated on key
             indicators under Part B (ages 3 through 21) and Part C (infants through age 2) and placed into one of four
             categories: meets requirements, needs assistance, needs intervention, and needs substantial intervention.
              Staff carefully considered states' Annual Performance Reports, information obtained through monitoring
             visits, and other public records . Overall, most states fell into the top two categories. Thirteen states earned
             the highest rating for Part B, and 21 states earned the top rating for Part C. No states were in the lowest
             category on either part. For states in the lower categories , the IDEA identifies technical assistance or
             actions which the agency must take under specific circumstances . The Department will work with states
             that need assistance or intervention using its network of technical assistance centers . New deter-tination
             letters are issued annually. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
             http://www.ed.gov/policy/ speced gold /idea/monitor/ factsheethtmL



             STUDENT LOANS GUIDE

             The Department and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) have published a consumer guide to help
             students and their families navigate the maze of offers they may face when seeking new student loans or
             consolidating existing loans to pay for higher education . The new guide, "Student Loans : Avoiding
             Deceptive Offers," provides detailed information about the different benefits and terms of federal and
             private loans , as well as tips on recognizing questionable practices . The guide also includes several resources
             for information about student loans and filing a complaint against various types of lenders . "As we carry



             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021217
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              ED Review (07/18/08)                                                                                 Page 3 of 5


              out our commitment to ensure the availability of federal student loans , we must also make sure that students
              and their families are armed with critical information to help them recognize and avoid deceptive lending
              practices," Secretary Spellings explained . "This brochure will help families be wise consumers of higher
              education and financial aid." FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
              http: / /www.ftc gov/bcp/edu/pubs /consumer/credit/cre43.shtm.

              Meanwhile, today (July 18), the Secretary will address the 2008 Higher Education Summit, "A Test of
              Leadership: Committing to Advance Postsecondary Education for All Americans," in Chicago . She will
              challenge participants to build on the efforts of her Commission on the Future of Higher Education (see
              http://www.ed.gov/about/bdscomm /list/hiedfuture /), as well as discuss global competitiveness and the
              workforce needs of the 21st century.



              STEM PROGRESS REPORT

              This week, Tapping Americas Potential (TAP), a coalition of 16 leading U.S. business organizations,
              released a report assessing the progress made over the last three years toward the TAP goal of doubling the
              number of students earning bachelor's degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM). The
              report, "Gaining Momentum, Losing Ground ," indicates that, while the number of degrees rose early in the
              decade (from 201,055 degrees in 2001 to 208,243 in 2002 and 220,360 in 2003), the number of degrees has
              leveled off at about 225,000 per year - substantially off track of reaching 400,000 by 2015. The report also
              updates TAP 's recommendations for advancing U.S. competitiveness : boosting and sustaining funding for
              basic research; reforming visa and immigration policies to enable the U.S. to attract and retain STEM
              students from around the world; upgrading K-12 math and science teaching ; and building public
              understanding and support FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
              http://www.tap2015 .org/news/tap 2008 progress.pdf.



               MONITORING AMERICA'S CHILDREN

              The 2008 edition of "America`s Children : Key National Indicators of Well-Being," compiled by the 22-
              member Federal Interagency Forum on Child and Family Statistics, presents indicators in seven sections:
              family and social environment, economic circumstances , health care, physical environment and safety,
              behavior, education, and health. In 2007, the report cited under education , scores of fourth- and eighth-
              graders on the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) were higher in math than in all
              previous assessments and higher in reading than in 2005 . Other favorable changes: a decline in childhood
              (ages 5-14) deaths from injuries (from 8.2 per 100,000 children in 2004 to 7.7 per 100,000 in 2005) and a
              decrease in the percentage of eighth -graders who smoked daily (from 10% in 1996 to 4% in 2006 and 3% in
              2007). On the other hand, there was an increase in low birth weight infants (less than five pounds, eight
              ounces), and the birth rate among adolescent girls (ages 15-17) increased for the first time in 15 years. FOR
              MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO http ://childstats. gov/americaschildren/.



               QUOTE TO NOTE

              "[W]e are shifting our educational center of gravity away from generic traditions and toward the needs of the
              individual - more mobile, more connected, and more familiar with technology than ever before .... Imagine
              Cup finalist Louis Sayers said it well -- 'There s no one telling us that we cant do something . If we don t like
              [it], we change it, and, at the end of the day, we know that [it] was built by us.' That is how we build a global



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021218
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               ED Review (07/18/08)                                                                                                    Page 4 of 5


               platform for collaboration. It is the opposite of isolation. And its exactly what we need right now!"

               -- Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings (7/7/08), delivering remarks at the United Nations
               Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Education Leaders Forum in Paris

               Note: The U.S. Department of State is calling for applications for the U.S. Commission for UNESCO Laura
               W. Bush Traveling Fellowship . This fellowship will allow an undergraduate or graduate student (ages 18-25)
               to conduct work in a foreign country related to the mandate of UNESCO, using education, natural sciences,
               social and human sciences, culture, and/or communications and information to forge ties among nations.
               The deadline for applications is August 5. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
               http: //www.state.gov /p /io /unesco / 103476.htni.



               UPCOMING EVENTS

               Register today for the 2008 National Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Week
               Conference, September 7-10 in Washington, D.C. Approximately 600 representatives from black colleges
               and universities, federal agencies, corporations, and foundations are expected to participate in discussions
               on issues of interest to the HBCU community. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
               http: / /www.ed.ggv/about/inits /list /-whhbcu/`edlite-markcalendar.htmL

               October 6-7, in Washington, D.C., the Department, in partnership with the Conference Board of
               Mathematical Sciences, will host the first in a series of National Math Panel forums with the goal of building
               a sustained effort to improve math education. As the panel's findings are extensive and cover many areas,
               this initial forum will focus on four of seven recommendation topics: learning processes, instructional
               materials, teachers and teacher education, and research policies and mechanisms. Other topics, such as
               curricular content, instructional practices, and assessment, may be discussed and will be addressed during
               future forums. Interested parties committed to improving the teaching and learning of math are encouraged
               to register by August 8. FOR MORE INFORMATION, PLEASE GO TO
               http://itne.math.arizona.edu/2008-09/1007 forum.html.

               Over the next two weeks, the Department will be exhibiting at the National Conference of State
               Legislatures' Legislative Summit in New Orleans (July 22-26), the UNITY: Journalists of Color, Inc.,
               Convention in Chicago (July 23-27), the American Legislative Exchange Council's Annual Meeting in
               Chicago (July 30-August 2), and the National Urban League's Annual Conf erence in Orlando (July 30-
               August 2). If you are attending any of these events, please stop by the Department's booth.




              Please feel free to contact the Office of Communications and Outreach with any questions:
              Director, Intergovernmental Affairs - Rogers Johnson, (202) 401-0026, mailto:Rogers1oh nson(ci)ed.gov
              Deputy Director - Keith Brancato, (202) 401-6178, mailto:Keith.Brancato(a,ed.gov
              Program Analyst -- Adam Honeysett, (202) 401-3003, mailto:Adam.Honeysett(a,ed.gov
              To be added or removed from distribution, or submit comments (we welcome your feedback!),
              contact Adam Honeysett. Or, visit http://www.ed.gov/news /newsletters /edreview/.

              This newsletter contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These
              links are provided for the user's convenience. The U.S. Department of Education does not control or guarantee the accuracy,
              relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information. Furthermore, the inclusion of links is not intended to reflect
               their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed, or products or services offered, on these sites, or the




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0021219
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               ED Review (07/18/08)                                                                   Page 5 of 5


               organizations sponsoring the sites.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0021220
