Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
           From                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, July 18, 2008 2:04 PM
           To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail @ govweb . alaska.gov)

           Sent: Friday,    July 18, 2008 11:46 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin       ( GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Ms. Kellie Davis

           address: 5900 E. Fireweed wasilla AK 99654




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin--




           My heart is so WITH you right now with all this nonsense out about your former brother in
           law and your firing of Monegan. When I first read Halcro I have to admit that I initially
           reacted with, "How dare she!" ("She" being you.) Then I read more and I just felt
           embarrassed for your whole family, and embarrassed for reading what I did.




          I don't understand the situation with Monegan, but he elicited an emotional response. The
          Troopers are now being spoken of with the same reverence as the 911 firefighters. We have
          good ones and bad ones-- what can we say about them? We also have a state budget with
          Medicare cuts on the federal level, fatal car wrecks and all kinds of stress happening all
          over the place. I hope this blows over for you soon. I don't know if you are really
          worried or not, but I'm sure you know this-- no matter how well you do things, someone
          some place will still perceive a flaw and harp.




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0021236
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            All the best to your sister-- this has a high wince factor for her, does it not? There
            should have been more investigation by the press before they ran with this but the
            bloggers got wind and blew it up.




             I will send you good vibes for your picnics this weekend and may try to come by with the
             kids!




             kellied@ gmail.com




      1




                                                          2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021237
