Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Friday, July 18, 2008 3:55 PM
            To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
            Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Public Safety




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Friday, July 18, 2008 2:29 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Public Safety



            Web mail from: Mr. steve greene

            address: box 101238 anchorage AK 99510

              301-3293



            MESSAGE:

            Hey Sarah, I took the trouble to write the letter to the editor in ADN in which I declared
            that even though I did not vote for you that you were a humble hick. I said some nice
            things about you. Lately you have been preoccupied with being vice president and you lost
            your focus on your present commitment as governor. You have to do some MAJOR damage
            control NOW regarding the cop. Sometimes the right thing to do is the hardest thing. Now
            is your time to shine. Dont get me wrong, I dont like cops. I beat up a few troopers (they
            had long hair) so I am no angel. If you are as smart as you seem to be you better strike.
            like lightning. We are all human. Make peace with your adversaries any ways possible. The
            late Ed Merdes always told me that when he had a difficult decision to make he talked to
            Jesus as if he were sitting next to him and he would ask him what to do. I know you will
            to. aka Clarence



            sagreene00@yahoo.com




                                                                 I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0021235
