Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                  Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOW]
           Sent                    Friday, July 18, 2008 9:30 PM
           To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; Perry; Kristha Y (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV)
           Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                Re: Mike Ross


           Just called channel 11 and told them to correct the story - we've added funding



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent: Fri Jul 18 21:21:29 2008

           Subject: Re: Mike Ross



           Thank u. But I don't know why ktuu and ktva are totally ignoring the facts and are not
           believing us in the least. How can Ross claim it's "too late" for adds statments by us?
           That's unheard of.

           Also, Todd said adn had dates and facts very screwed up also, he did the best he could to
           correct Holland. The ktva correction on the dps budget should be made asap.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Sharon Leighow

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           To: K Perry

           To: Bailey, Frank T (GOV)

           Sent: Jul 18, 2008 9:19 PM

           Subject: Mike Ross




           Governor-



            I spoke to Mike Ross a few minutes ago. He wanted to confirm what I had told Channel 2
           earlier that no one from the administration pressured Monegan about Wooten. He
           specifically asked about Frank and Annette.  Walt is going to name them on the 10.



           I told him that I would go on camera or at least do a phoner. I also offered up Frank and
          Annette.  He said it was too late in the editing process and they will uise your clips. I
          have tried unsuccessfully all night to reach Annette. I talked with her husband, left
          message with Rachael and called her hotel - no luck.
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0021252
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               I made it quite clear that Walt 's accusations were total CRAP.




             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                            2
