Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov. sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Saturday, July 19, 2008 5:44 AM
            To:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Frank Bailey, Kel
                                     Goode; Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Stapleton; Meghan N (DNR); Colberg; Tails J (LAW)
            Subject:                 Reporters


            Reading the comment in ADN today is disturbing re: "refusal" to speak about Walt, even if
            leggies ask.

              1) I am not hesitant to speak, but have tried to respect Walt's assumed desire for zero
            public scrutiny (but look where that's getting us), thus we've left it with a general
            message of the change at DPS. That must be better explained. I'd stand up in a second and
            explain his dismissal if my explanations thus far are not sufficient (ie, recruitment,
            bootlegging that Walt could have focused on with his new job offer he turned down, more
            energy and action needed in DPS half-way through the term be there's not a lot of time
            left to make a difference, etc). My belief has been that Walt would NOT have wanted me to
            talk publicly about his dismissal.

               2) We can never say we'd not talk about this, "no matter who asks". If leggies ask via
            an investigation, of course we speak. In fact, if leggies ask via any venue, of course we
            speak and give them the reasons. Walt obviously doesn't mind the public discussion at this
            point, and his untruths must be countered at the same time. This is imperative or Kopp
            will NOT have the support of the dept and will NOT be given the opportunity to succeed as
            commissioner.

                So this perception needs to be cleared up asap - I do not fear any investigation - but
             it would be used as a distraction, obviously, and is not needed if we're just given the
             opportunity to lay to rest any speculation spurred by leggies, Walt, the union, critics,
             or whomever is stirring this.

                I do appreciate the adn reported the fact that we INCREASED dps budget- leggies cut it
             (glad they got that right finally!), as opposed to the union leadership on ktva last night
            insisting that we cut their budget $2.5 million, and the reporter not challeneging that at
            all!

                I am happy to more publicly address all of this be it would run counter to "open
            govt" now that Walt has spoken untruthfully about the Wooten issue (esp claims that Todd
            met w him more than once, Annette's and Frank's alleged meetings, my alleged February
            discussion with Walt, all of our "pressure", etc.)

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



            -----Original Message-----

             From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



            Date: Sat,. 19 Jul 2008 13:20:02

            To: Janice Mason<janice.mason@alaska.gov>

            Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Randy Ruaro<randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>; K
            Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Frank Bailey<ftb907@yahoo.com>; Kel
            Goode<kellyc@acsalaska.net>; Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

            Subject: Hoffman


                                                                    1




                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021285
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Janice-pls look on sched to see if I met with Walt in Februrary, on Hoffman"s birthday.
            Walt claims I walked with him to wish Hoffman happy bday- and supposedly talked about
            Wooten on that walk (evidently "pressuring" him?)

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0021286
