Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike.nizich@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Saturday, July 19, 2008 10:44 AM
           To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
           Cc:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                 RE: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects


           That is correct!



           -----Original Message-----

           From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Sent: Saturday, July 19, 2008 9:51 AM

           To: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Subject: RE: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



           Thanks Karen.



           Please let me know if I understand this correctly.



           On the issue of the $2.5 million dollar operating budget reduction for DPS that keeps
           getting mentioned, I believe what reporters and the union are getting at is the
           announcement we made in May, 2008, when vetoes were released that we were setting a target
           of a $20 million reduction to the operating budget for all our commissioners.



           DPS' share of the goal of a $20 million reduction in operating costs ended up around $2.5
           million.



           Is the best way to explain this that we expect all our commissioners to be fiscally
           responsible and actively manage their departments for savings. The goal was set to
           provide some direction to commissioners and motivate them as to what we hoped they could
           accomplish in managing their budget over the next 12 month budget period for FY 2009.



           Other commissioners are trying to manage their budgets in a more fiscally responsible
           manner to try and reach the target, DPS is an agency that we also wanted to try and manage
           their budget to find out what they can achieve.



           Basically, commissioners were challenged to work harder on their budgets and find savings
           where they could and meet their targets. I don't think the intent was to make agencies
           take drastic steps to achieve their targets that would hurt the mission of the department.


                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021292
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Randy




          -----Original Message-----

          From: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

          Sent:. Saturday, July 19, 2008 9:34 AM

          To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'

          Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject: Re: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



          I just talked to Mike. As I understand it the governor would like a written summary of the
          DPS operating and capital budget to share with reporters after the picnic today.



          I will head in and work on this now. Get you something in a couple hours. KJR




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

          To: 'gov.palin@yahoo.com' <gov.palin@yahoo.com>

          Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Nizich, Michael ,A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Sent: Sat Jul 19 09:16:17 2008

          Subject: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



          Attached.




          Karen,




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0021293
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Please review numbers, fill in any blanks, and confirm accuracy.




          Randy




                                                      3
