Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
            From:                    Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [sharon.leighow@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Saturday, July 19, 2008 10:55 AM
            To:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV);
                                     'gov. palin@yahoo.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects


            I have repeated this message to the media over and over. Letting them know that the
            governor asked agencies to find efficiencies. last year, this year and will likely ask
            again next year. I have explained the $20 million is a target savings goal and it is not
            the governor's goal to cut positions. I also reminded reporters about the increased $ we
            asked the legislature for (for DPS) - and how they funded roughly half -don't have the
            exact figure 1 front of me - was referencing an earlier email from Karen.



            A written statement would be good. On my way in.



            Sharon Leighow

            Deputy Press Secretary

            Deputy Communications Director



            465-4031 Juneau

            269-7450 Anchorage

            240-7943 cell




            -----Original Message----

            From: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

            Sent: Saturday, July 19, 2008 10:44 AM

            To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'

            Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Subject: RE: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



            That is correct!



            -----Original Message-----

            From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            Sent: Saturday, July 19, 2008 9:51 AM

            To: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0021308
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

             Subject: RE: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



             Thanks Karen.




             Please let me know if I understand this correctly.



             On the issue of the $2 . 5 million dollar operating budget reduction for DPS that keeps
             getting mentioned , I believe what reporters and the union are getting at is the
             announcement we made in May, 2008, when vetoes were released that we were setting a target
             of a $20 million reduction to the operating budget for all our commissioners.



            DPS' share of the goal of a $20 million reduction in operating costs ended up around $2.5
            million.



            Is the best way to explain this that we expect all our commissioners to be fiscally
            responsible and actively manage their departments for savings .  The goal was set to
            provide some direction to commissioners and motivate them as to what we hoped they could
            accomplish in managing their budget over the next 12 month budget period for FY 2009.



            Other commissioners are trying to manage their budgets in a more fiscally responsible
            manner to try and reach the target, DPS is an agency that we also wanted to try and manage
            their budget to find out what they can achieve.



            Basically , commissioners were challenged to work harder on their budgets and find savings
            where they could and meet their targets .  I don ' t think the intent was to make agencies
            take drastic steps to achieve their targets that would hurt the mission of the department.



            Randy




            -----Original Message-----

            From: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

            Sent: Saturday, July 19, 2008 9:34 AM

            To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1_0021309
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Subject: Re : Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



            I just talked to Mike . As I understand it the governor would like a written summary of the
            DPS operating and capital budget to share with reporters after the picnic today.



            I will head in and work on this now . Get you something in a couple hours. KJR




            ----- Original Message -----

            From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            To: 'gov.palin@yahoo.com' <gov.palin@yahoo.com>

            Cc: Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

            Sent: Sat Jul 19 09:16:17 2008

            Subject: Summary of Gov sponsored or approved DPS capital budget projects



            Attached.




            Karen,




            Please review numbers ,     fill in any blanks ,   and confirm accuracy.




            Randy




                                                                3




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0021310
