Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :   Birdman^i^ [birdmankfr@yahoo.com)
                Sent:    Sunday, July 20,2008 11:09 PM
                To:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
                Cc:      Bryce Edgmon; Berg; Adam C (LAA); Hoffman; Lyman F (LAA); sockeyel@nushtel.net;
                         fritz@bbedc.com; moses kritz
                Subject: Fishing Loss Time and Solution?
               GOVERNOR SARAH PALIN                               Kevin Francis, Ramey
               Alaska State Capitol Building                       P.O. Box 223
               Third Floor                                        Togiak, AK 99678
               P.O. Box 110001                                    (907) 493-5162
               Juneau, AK 99811-0001
               Phone (907) 465-3500
               Fax (907) 465-3532
               GOVERNORna,GOV.STATE.AK.US

               Commissioner Denby Lloyd                              Sunday July 20, 2008
               Department of Fish and Game
               P.O. Box 115526
               Juneau, AK 99811-5526
               Denby Lloyd@fishgame.state.ak.us

               RE: Loss of down fishing time and resources

               Dear Governor Palin and Commissioner Lloyd;

               I would like to place an important option to your immediate attention, regarding our fishing and
               fishing community's futures. We all agree these two are in distress. from management decisions
               of the past and in my humble opinion it's time to re-engineer a better promise for a brighter
               future. We should never think we are subject to foreign processing in order to achieve high goals
               for Alaska and All Alaskans.

               I would like to see Alaska's Western CDQ communities take the lead to band together to
               organize Village based processes unique to an individual community. For example, picture
               portable containers, that house a particular process and can be ready shipped and assembles, as a
               community requires. The corner stone would be in.fisherman's handling such as H&G bleed fish
               on board, chilled and delivered to filleting and packaging operations ready to expedite from the
               water to the dinner tables in as short of time as possible to insure consumer quality. We have
               drafted plans to such operations for your review. As filleting is grasped and a new process such
               as commercial smoking or canning is needed, the operation container can be barged in to snap
               onto an established and working process.

               It is believed by some we need to construct multi-million dollar operations that require much
               investment all at once. This is not the case if we look towards the future and micro manage our
               movements to develop success stories around Western Alaska where much needed economic
               development is surly needed. I could really talk long and hard on this area as Togiak with it's
               monopolized fish processors that pay 50 cents a pound for fish that grabs a much higher value as
               it journeys outward to the benefit of other states citizenry and a huge loss for Alaskans.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0021317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2


                The answer isn't found in foreign processors but in the hearts of all Alaskans who want and deserve a
                better future. I say let's work together to make it happen as we re-tool our thinking and perspective to
                micro processing in Western Alaska. These processing stations would insure less shut down and loss of
                valuable fishing time as well as convert profit processes to build economic stability in Western Alaska's
                poorest communities. The dinosaurs of the past must be streamlined into processes that can be added for
                resource development for of local customary process marketable into many areas and uses. For example,
                human or pet consumption as well as fish oil markets for Omega III in vitamin markets etc.

                Okay, I believe we have all worked and thought on these things but I would like to see sleeves roll up
                and minds come together to solve and build better solutions. We shouldn't have the problems in the
                fishing/processing industry in Alaska we have today with loss of fishing time with a result of economic
                loss in Alaska's communities. Let's hold a CDQ Communities Fishing/Processing Summit to put ideas
                into action for better seasons to come. Let's not look to outside help and resources to develop what
                belongs to Alaskans. Let's work to set the pace and establish a fair market price for Alaskan's and
                Alaskan resources. I have seen the markets and have much respect for micro processing in Alaska,
                please help others and me relize a dream unique to Western Alaskans.

                Thank you for your time and thoughts in this matter. As I will be out fishing tomorrow I will e-mail this
                proposal letter with a hard copy. to follow for your records.

                Best Wishes,

                Kevin Francis, Ramey, Fisherman and Togiak City Council Member


                C.C.: Senator Lyman Hoffman
                     Rep. Bryce Edgmon
                     Robin Samuelsen, Jr., CEO & President BBEDC (CDQ program Corp.)
                     Fritz Johnson, Regional Fisheries Crdntr.
                     Moses Kritz, Rep. Togiak BBEDC



                Love Is The CornerStone Holding All Joy^i
                A Man With Wings Is Truly An Angel^i^
                Blessings Of Love ...Birdman^i^

                http:// rrooups.yahoo.cgm/group/suiiuriscourtange`

                'What kind of a legal system is this where we're going to design our rules to encourage guilty people to
                plead - or innocent people to plead guilty? Its crazy." Justice Scalia
      i




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0021318
