Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown
              From:                   Perry, Kristin Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS /CN=KYPERRY]
             Sent:                    Monday, July 21, 2008 10:59 PM
             To:                      'gov. palin@yahoo. com'; Stapleton ; Meghan N (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Subject:                 Fw: Statement regarding ormer Commissioner Walt Monegan




             ----- Original Message ---- -

              From: RANDY RUARO <rpruaro@yahoo.com>

             To: mholland@adn.com <mholland@adn.com>

             Sent: Mon Jul 21 22:43:51 2008

             Subject: Statement regarding former Commissioner Walt Monegan




             Former Commissioner Monegan has asked several questions of me through reporter Megan
             Holland.  My response to those questions follows :



             Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware he had several various plans in the works related to
             staffing and recruitment and retention. Like the legislature, I was focused and aware of
             a lack of results in recruiting and retention. Action and results, not words are the
             bottom line.  For the nearly two years Mr. Monegan was in place there were very high
             numbers of vacancies in the troopers with nearly I in 7 positions being unfilled. There
             were 56 vacancies as of June 30, 2008. I was also aware that regardless of any plans of
             Mr. Monegan's, no new positions would be approved by the legislature until vacancies were
             filled, which made it even more important to get the job done.



             Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware of a draft 2007 annual report. I was aware of the
             draft and in fact, had several questions about it that Mr. Monegan never answered. My
             special assistant and Chief-of-Staff were also reviewing the draft. The fact that Mr.
             Monegan prepared a detailed draft written report of the troopers' activities in 2007 does
             not change the bottom line or lack of results in several areas under Mr. Monegan.



            Mr. Monegan has suggested that I did not meet with him. This is wrong. In addition to
            several face-to-face meetings, Walt and I spent much more time together discussing the
            future and direction of public safety, and my desire for immediate action. Remember that
            Walt and I had many opportunities, dozens of discussions at events throughout the state,
            including one-on-one time together on the state's plane traveling to the bush. That's in
            addition to every cabinet meeting, every reception, other trips, and phone calls that I
            personally had with Walt. To suggest that he had four opportunities with me in 17 months
            to discuss public safety is untruthful. Also notable, are the meetings and conversations
            that my staff had with Walt on my behalf, including meetings and conversations with fellow
            Commissioners, the Chief-of-Staff, Deputy Chief-of-Staff, Attorney General, Special
            Assistants, etc.  There is not one instance where Walt was turned down for a

              meeting, a phone call, or any type of conversation.

                                                                   1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPO1_0021350
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            While I have been busy with AGIA, I-pay attention and take care of the state's business on
            all other fronts as well, and will continue to do so.




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0021351
