Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    gov.palin@yahoo.com
            Sent:                    Monday, July 21, 2008 10:59 PM
            To:                      rpruaro@yahoo.com; Stapleton ; Meghan N (DNR); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); K Perry Yahoo
            Subject:                 Re: Copy of statement sent to Megan Holland

            Importance:              High


            This is not Meg stapleton' s statement !!! I replied to Kris saying " yes", send out Meg"s
            statement that included all my travels with Walt to rural AK... Surely that went out???

            ------Original Message------

            From: RANDY RUARO

            To: Sarah's Personal Email

            Cc: M Nizich

            ReplyTo: rpruaro@yahoo.com

            Sent: Jul 21, 2008 10:55 PM

            Subject: Copy of statement sent to Megan Holland



             Per Rosanne and Sharon, this statement went out awhile ago to Megan Holland at the ADN.




            Former Commissioner Monegan has asked several questions of me through reporter Megan
            Holland. My response to those questions follows:



            Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware he had several various plans in the works related to
            staffing and recruitment and retention. Like the legislature, I was focused and aware of
            a lack of results in recruiting and retention. Action and results, not words are the
            bottom line.  For nearly two years there were very high numbers of vacancies in the
            troopers with nearly l in 7 positions being unfilled. There were 56 vacancies as of June
            30, 2008. I was also aware that regardless of any plans of Mr. Monegan's, no new
            positions would be approved by the legislature until vacancies were filled, which made it
            even more important to get the job done.



            Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware of a draft 2007 annual report. I was aware of the
            draft and in fact, had several questions about it that Mr. Monegan never answered. My
            special assistant and Chief-of-Staff were also reviewing the draft. The fact that Mr.
            Monegan prepared a detailed draft written report of the troopers' activities in 2007 does
            not change the bottom line or lack of results under Mr. Monegan.



            Mr. Monegan has suggested that I did not meet with him. This is wrong. In addition to
                                                        1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0021348
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            several face - to-face meetings , Walt and I spent much more time together discussing the
            future and direction of public safety, and my desire for immediate action. Remember that
            Walt and I had many opportunities , dozens of discussions at events throughout the state,
            including one-on - one time together on the state ' s plane traveling to the bush. That's in
            addition to every cabinet meeting, every reception , other trips , and phone calls that I
            personally had with Walt . To suggest that he had four opportunities with me in 17 months
            to discuss public safety is untruthful .    Also notable , are the meetings and conversations
            that my staff had with Walt on my behalf , including meetings and conversations with fellow
            Commissioners , the Chief-of-Staff, Deputy Chief - of-Staff, Attorney General, Special
            Assistants , etc.   There is not one instance where Walt was turned down for a

             meeting, a phone call , or any type of conversation.



            While I have been busy with AGIA, I pay attention and take care of the state ' s business on
            all other fronts as well, and will continue to do so.




                                                           2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021349
