Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From :                   Mason , Janice L (GOV) [janice.mason@alaska.govj
            Sent:                    Monday, July 21, 2008 11:34 PM
            To:                      'gov. palin@yahoo.com'; 'krisandclark@yahoo.com'
            Cc:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Travels Fw: Statement


            Governor - I can not verify the exact number of trips without looking at the whole
            scheduling file. I can not get into the calendar system that we used prior to outlook
            without going into the office and looking through the hard copies. I will gladly go in to
            look through scheduling but this will take some time and that would probably not include
            the cabinet meetings, etc. Janice



            Sent using BlackBerry




            ----- Original Message -----

            From : gov.palin@yahoo.com <gov.palin@yahoo.com>

            To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); K Perry Yahoo <krisandclark@yahoo.com>

            Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

            Sent: Mon Jul 21 23.:10:06 2008

            Subject: Travels Fw: Statement




            Janice- as scheduler, pls verify the four (or are there more?) trips waft and I took
            together.




            From: "Stapleton, Meghan N (DNR)" <meghan.stapleton@alaska.gov>

            Date: Mon, 21 Jul 2008 23:05:08 -0800

            To: <gov.palin @ yahoo.com >; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)< kris.perry@ alaska . gov>; Ruaro , Randall
            P (GOV)< randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>

            CC: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W
            (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>

            Subject: RE: Statement




           Most of the statement is in the there toward the bottom - I had switched the order of
           paragraphs to emphasize what was most important and that is the number of times that
           you've met with Walt. The main thing missing is a summary of your four trips seated
                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021402
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           together to rural Alaska and your days together in Bethel , New Stu ( twice), and
           Dillingham . Also , we reworked the last statement re: AGIA.



           Below is what you approved Governor - for use tomorrow by anyone who needs to reiterate
           your points.



           Thanks,

           Meg




           First , regarding the number of meetings I've had with Walt over the last year and a half,
           in addition to several face - to-face meetings , Walt and I spent

           much more time together discussing the future and direction of public safety, and my
           desire for immediate action .   Remember that Walt and I had many opportunities , dozens of
           discussions at events throughout the state , including four trips to rural Alaska seated
           together on the plane. During those trips to Bethel , New Stu ( twice ), and Dillingham, we
           also spent our days together .   That ' s in addition to every cabinet meeting, every
           reception , other trips , and phone calls that I've personally had with Walt .   To suggest
           that he had four face - to-face meetings with me in 17 months to discuss public safety is
           untruthful .  Also notable, are the meetings and conversations that my staff had with Walt,
           on my behalf , including meetings and conversations with fellow Commissioners , the Chief-
           of-Staff, Deputy Chief- of-Staff, Attorney General, Special Assistants , etc.    There is not
           one instance where Walt was turned down for a meeting, a phone call , or any type of
           conversation.




          Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware that he had several various plans in the works
          related to staffing and recruitment and retention .   I would assume those plans are the
          same ones we discussed in those events and meetings , during Cabinet meetings , and on the
          plane , among other places .  Those plans mirrored my thoughts and ideas to get more
          troopers and tackle the alcohol problem. That ' s why the ideas remain behind Kopp - only I
          expect immediate action in this new direction , not just another reminder of our plans.
          Regarding the draft 2007 annual report .   My staff has advised that a copy of a lengthy
          draft report was provided by him for review by the special assistant and Chief -of-Staff.
          Again , though , I'm ready for results. And so are the people of this state.




          AGIA has been appropriately time consuming . AGIA is our future ; the gasline is the
          financial security for the future of our state. The revenue from the gasline will pay for
          our essentials , including public safety . However, the time spent on AGIA over the last
          year and a half has not been to the detriment of ANY department or its missions... and all
          the more reason to have high expectations that I have self - starters and results -oriented
          cabinet members.




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0021403
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From : gov.palin @ yahoo.com [mailto : gov.palin @ yahoo.com]

            Sent: Mon 7 / 21/2008 11:01 PM

            To: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV );      Ruaro ,   Randall P (GOV)

            Cc: Stapleton , Meghan N ( DNR); Nizich , Michael A ( GOV); Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV); Hughes,
            Rosanne D (GOV)

            Subject: Fw: Copy of statement sent to Megan Holland




            What happened ??? I approved Meg's emphatic statement when Kris asked if we xculd just send
            her's. Why did a different one get sent???

            -----Original Message-----

            From : gov.palin @ yahoo.com



            Date: Tue ,   22 Jul 2008 06:58:33

            To: <rpruaro @ yahoo.com>; Meg<meghan . stapleton @ alaska.gov >; Sharon
            Leighow< sharon . leighow@ alaska.gov>

            Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich @ alaska.gov>; K Perry Yahoo< krisandclark@ yahoo.com>

            Subject: Re: Copy of statement sent to Megan Holland




            This is not Meg stapleton ' s statement !!! I replied to Kris saying " yes", send out Meg"s
            statement that included all my travels with Walt to rural AK... Surely that went out???

            ------Original Message------

            From: RANDY RUARO

            To: Sarah ' s Personal Email

            Cc: M Nizich

            ReplyTo: rpruaro @ yahoo.com

            Sent: Jul 21, 2008 10:55 PM

            Subject : Copy of statement sent to Megan Holland



            Per Rosanne and Sharon, this statement went out awhile ago to Megan Holland at the ADN.




                                                                 3




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021404
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Former Commissioner Monegan has asked several questions of me through reporter Megan
           Holland.  My response to those questions follows:



           Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware he had several various plans in the works related to
           staffing and recruitment and retention. Like the legislature, I was focused and aware of
           a lack of results in recruiting and retention. Action and results, not words are the
           bottom line.  For nearly two years there were very high numbers of vacancies in the
           troopers with nearly 1 in 7 positions being unfilled. There were 56 vacancies as of June
           30, 2008.  I was also aware that regardless of any plans of Mr. Monegan's, no new
           positions would be approved by the legislature until vacancies were filled, which made it
           even more important to get the job done.



           Mr. Monegan has asked if I was aware of a draft 2007 annual report.   I was aware of the
           draft and in fact, had several questions about it that Mr. Monegan never answered.   My
           special assistant and Chief-of-Staff were also reviewing the draft. The fact that Mr.
           Monegan prepared a detailed draft written report of the troopers' activities in 2007 does
           not change the bottom line or lack of results under Mr. Monegan.



           Mr. Monegan has suggested that I did not meet with him. This is wrong. In addition to
           several face-to-face meetings, Walt and I spent much more time together discussing the
           future and direction of public safety, and my desire for immediate action. Remember that
           Walt and I had many opportunities, dozens of discussions at events throughout the state,
           including one-on-one time together on the state's plane traveling to the bush. That's in
           addition to every cabinet meeting, every reception, other trips, and phone calls that I
           personally had with Walt. To suggest that he had four opportunities with me in 17 months
           to discuss public safety is untruthful. Also notable, are the meetings and conversations
           that my staff had with Walt on my behalf, including meetings and conversations with fellow
           Commissioners, the Chief-of-Staff, Deputy Chief-of-Staff, Attorney General, Special
           Assistants, etc. There is not one instance where Walt was turned down for a

            meeting ,   a phone call, or any type of conversation.



           While I have been busy with AGIA, I pay attention and take care of the state's business on
           all other fronts as well, and will continue to do so.




                                                           4




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021405
