Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown

             From:                    gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             Sent.                    Monday, July 21, 2008 11:27 PM
             To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Frank
                                      Bailey
             Subject.                 Cell numbers


             We need everyone's current cell phone numbers, and back-up numbers also. Janice-pls
             correct in my directory some erroneous numbers (ie I reach a fax when I call Kris' listed
             office phone number; Annette has a bb now; Kopp's cell; randy's cell, etc). Pls add to
             both my accounts.

                 If folks have new #s pls keep us in the loop on any changes.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021406
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Re: Kopp                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

               From:       Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [randall.ruaro@alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Monday, July 21, 2008 11:44 PM
               To:         Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); gov.palin@yahoo.com; krisandclark@yahoo.com; Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: RE: Kopp
               Sharon:

              It is definitely standard advice from attorneys for employers to recommend that the first step they do in a
              case where harassment is alleged is to seperate the supervisor and the employee. If an employer did
              not take this action, it opens them up to liability for knowing about a problem and doing nothing about it

               Randy


              From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Sent: Mon 7/21/2008 11:41 PM
              To: 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'; 'krisanddark@yahoo.com'; Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Kopp

               Governor-

              Channel 2 reported that Kopp was relieved of his supervisory duties when the allegation was made. Channel 2 didn't
              report that is standard procedure when there is an allegation. Kopp was reinstated when the charge was found to be
              baseless. Kopp was considering late today suing his accuser for defamation. Privileged or Personal Material
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

              --- Original Message ---
              From: gov.palin@yahoo.com <gov.palin@yahoo.com>
              To: K Perry Yahoo <liisandclark@yahoo.com>; Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
               Sent: Mon Jul 2123:33:44 2008
               Subject: Kopp

              My understanding, just based on short convo with Kris, is that Kopp got an attorney and is going to hold a press
              conf to defend himself and explain the allegations from a kenai woman? And the kenai mayor will be standing with
              him? If there are any details I need to hear them- like when this will take place, what prompted this new action, etc.

                He does need to take all action, solidly, to dispel any untruths out there, asap. I've had very good Alaskans say that
              this is NOT a good situation he's in.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021407
