Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                     Monday, July 21, 2008 10:58 AM
            To:                      janetleecurtlss@yahoo.corn
            Subject:                  RE: RuralNative


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Sunday, July 20, 2008 3:33 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Rural/Native



            Web mail from: Ms. Janet Curtiss

            address: 2430 Locksley Court Fairbanks AK 99709




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Palin;




            I was just at the Governor's picnic in Fairbanks and gave you the beaded eyeglass cover.
            You had asked who made it. It was made by my auntie (Delores Sloane's sister in law,
            Delores is also an Athabascan beader).




            My auntie is Jessie Carroll, from Chalkyitsik, Alaska. She does the most beautiful
            beadwork.




                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0021537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Also, I stayed up very late last night editing the PowerPoint presentation I gave you, and
           I just saw that I made a mistake on the date Reverend David passed away . I'll mail you a
           more current Powerpoint . I think it was just too late for me to focus.




           God Bless You! God can do anything and heal anyone.




           Love the Curtiss's




           janetleecurtiss @ yahoo.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021538
