Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
           Sent:                    Monday, July 21, 2008 10:26 AM
           To:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Public Safety




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Friday, July 18, 2008 9:18 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Public-Safety



           Web mail from: Ms. A. Lejune Davis

           address: 1730 Muldoon Circle #5 Anchorage AK 99504




           MESSAGE:

           Please tell the Gov. she has just been proved right in having fired Monagan. Now, she sees
           his true colors! And just how he treats those he's appointed himself judge, jury, and
           administrator over.




           Please remind her of that "blood of Jesus" she already knows about so well. It will defeat
           Walt's attacks no matter how good he is at getting others to do it all for him, from every
           angle. It is the only thing that saved us from him. And it will save her and hers from
           this firestorm he's started at her. Please remind her of it. No kidding, I can't think of
           any other. way she'll be able to douse his flames. And she with a brand new baby! See, he
           does't care who gets the fallout of his attacks. See what he's like? A lot of these guys
           working jobs like his have got way out of hand like this reaction of his to being asked to
           take another job. The River Denial runs deep and wide with their kind. She needs to be
           reminded her God can put a stop to it all. Cuz we got important things she's working on
           right now. And distractions can hurt the whole state, and that little baby. Satan'l love
           it. And I do so like to thwart Satan's plans. Tell Sarah please. She knows what the blood
           of Jesus is all a

           bout, it's about Passover.



           a.lejunedavis@yahoo.co.uk



                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0021542
