Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Monday, July 21, 2008 11:33 AM
               To:      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
               Cc:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject:.FW: Please help the Troopers



              From: Anonymous Trooper [mailto:anonymoustrooper@ gmail.com]
              Sent: Sunday, July 20, 2008 8:06 AM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: Please help the Troopers

              Dear Governor,

              I'm sorry for the scandal and misdirection that has embattled your administration this week and
              distracted you and your staff. I am an Alaska State Trooper, but wish to remain anonymous. I
              hope you'll permit this and not release this to anyone outside your administration.

              As I see the problems that our Department of Public Safety faces, I have a few comments I'd like
              to make.

              1) Wooten should have been fired a long time ago. I worked with Mike and he never had the
              integrity required to be part of the Alaska State Troopers. He should have been fired for
              performance reasons alone, as he was without exception one of the laziest Troops in B
              detachment.

              2) Administrative Investigations should be carried out by individuals who are trained in such,
              but are employed outside the division of the Alaska State Troopers to avoid the appearance of
              impropriety. There is no other way to maintain credible oversight of the AST ranks.

              3) Troopers need to have their mission redefined and pared back, or huge numbers need to be
              added to their ranks. The rank and file Trooper works his fingers to the bone, and we're laughed
              at by our municipal peers for how vast our responsibilities are compared to theirs; we regularly
              miss days off and work extra-long shifts so that we can do an "ok" job. We want to do excellent
              work, and the fiustration alone is demoralizing. When we get painted by the brush of scandal,
              and one of our own has his very serious sins aired for the world to see, we all look bad. Morale
              is at an all time low, make no mistake.

              Some solutions I'd like to propose:

               I) Separate all the investigative bureaus (Alaska Bureau of Investigation, Alaska Bureau of
              Alcohol and Drug Enforcement, Wildlife Investigations, etc) into one division with its own
              Colonel. This would create a separate career path for the investigators so that they can acquire
              the complex skills necessary for this type of work, as well as provide an unbiased entity that can
              more credibly perform Administrative Investigations of police misconduct. If they received the
              proper training, they could even look into allegations of official misconduct outside DPS. In
              many states, this is exactly how things are done. This would also allow the investigative bureau
              to hire outside AST, recruiting experienced investigators from municipal departments without


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021553
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


               the spectre of forced transfer. This would be right in line with your recruiting goals.

               2) Make a decision about what the Troopers will stop doing, so that they can concentrate on excellence
               in what they do, or significantly increase their support for more officers, and better equipment and
               training. If you're going to have State Police, they really should lead the pack, and there are a number of
               municipalities that offer far more competitive pay/benefit packages with half the work.

               3) Show public support for your Troops. They work hard for you, and we're really a good bunch of
               guys and girls. One bad Trooper and an unwieldy discipline system that didn 't fire him means that some
               changes need to be made , but the rest of us really care about doing the right thing, the right way, for the
               right reasons. Mike Wooten is the exception, but with the perception that you bear enmity toward all
               Troopers, they will undoubtedly suffer another hit to their morale, something that could be devastating
               at this time.

               I read every page of the published Wooten Al file and it made my blood boil, because I'm now looked at
               with the same disdain by the public as Mike Wooten is ; I wear the same uniform. I'm mostly powerless
               in making positive changes in this uncertain environment , so I look to you to make a difference here.
               Please listen.

               God Bless,

               -Anonymous




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0021554
