Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From :         Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:          Monday, July 21, 200812:15 PM
               To:            Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject:       FW: NCOIL Resolution Supporting State Regulation of the Use of Credit Information in Personal
                              Insurance
               Importance: High




              From: Michael Humphreys [mailto:MHumphreys@ notan-assodates.com] On Behalf Of NCOIL President
              Rep. Brian Kennedy, RI
              Sent: Monday, July 21, 2008 7:16 AM
              Subject: NCOIL Resolution Supporting State Regulation of the Use of Credit Information in Personal
              Insurance
              Importance: High




              July 21, 2008

              Dear Colleague:

              On behalf of the National Conference of Insurance Legislators (NCOIL), I am forwarding to you a
              Resolution Supporting State Regulation of the Use of Credit Information in Personal Insurance, which was
              adopted unanimously by the NCOIL Executive Committee on Sunday, July 13, 2008 during the NCOIL
              Summer Meeting at the New York Marriott Marquis.

              The resolution recognizes the ongoing 26-state success of the NCOIL insurance scoring model act and its
              ability to protect consumers and promote competitive insurance markets -including provisions that assist
              the young, old, and those who suffer extraordinary life events.

              In general, the 2002 NCOIL Model Act Regarding Use of Credit Information in Personal Insurance
              prohibits credit experience from being the sole factor influencing a personal -lines underwriting or rating
              decision and provides for use of updated credit information , among other things.

              The resolution opposes any federal legislation that would disregard a state legislatures ' ability to
              determine what is best for their individual states and would infringe on state authority to regulate the
              business of insurance . Proponents of pending federal credit scoring bills say they would remedy
              concerns that insurance scores serve as "stand-ins" for race, income, or ethnicity.

              The resolution says that two pending federal bills, H.R. 5633, the Nondiscriminatory Use of Consumer
              Reports and Consumer Information Act of 2008, and H. R. 6062, the Personal Lines of Insurance Fairness
              Act of 2008, would intrude on state-level efforts to oversee insurance scoring.

              NCOIL is an organization of state legislators whose primary area of interest is insurance legislation and
              regulation. Many legislators active in NCOIL either chair or are members of the committees responsible
              for insurance legislation in their respective state houses across the country. More information is available
              at www. ncoil.orct.



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021582
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2



               Please do not hesitate to contact Candace Thorson in the NCOIL National Office at 518-687-0178 or at
               cthorson(a ncoil.org should you have any questions.

               Sincerely,
                u
                x


               Representative Brian Kennedy
               NCOIL President
               Rhode Island House of Representatives




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0021583
