Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 4


               Unknown

                From:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaskagov)
                Sent:   Monday, July 21, 2008 9:57 AM
                To:     Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW July 19, 2008 State Chamber E-News



               From: Wayne Stevens [mailto:wstevens@alaskachamber.coml
               Sent: Saturday, July 19, 2008 3:07 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject July 19, 2008 State Chamber E-News



               Alaska State Chamber of Commerce
               July 19, 2008 E-News

                 State Chamber solicits Nominations for Annual Awards
               The Alaska State Chamber of Commerce is soliciting nominations for its prestigious annual
               awards. The awards are the William A. Egan Outstanding Alaskan, the Bill Bivin Small Business
               of the Year and the Local Chamber of the Year. Presentations of the awards will be made
               September 17, 2008 at the at the Chamber's 49th Annual Convention and Business Trade Show in
               Fairbanks.

               The Celebrated and prestigious William A. Egan award is given to individuals who have made
               substantial and continual contributions of statewide significance while working in the private
               sector. Each year, nominations are kept strictly confidential and the selection is made with voting
               by all past chairs of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce. The recipients of the Outstanding
               Alaskan of the Year form an impressive list of Alaskan "Who's Who" and dates back to its first
               honoree in 1964.

               The Bill Bivin award, established in 1993, pays tribute to businesses that exemplify leadership,
               ethics and organization. The business is recognized for consistent community involvement, an
               excellent business reputation and established leadership in their fields.

               The Alaska Chamber of the Year award is bestowed upon an Alaskan chamber for consistent
               community involvement and an excellent business reputation.

               The Nomination packet is on-line at our web site Click Here for Applications
               Deadline for submitting applications is the close of business on Friday August 1, 2008

               A complete list of previous award recipients in Available here

               Alaska State Chamber Fall Conference and Business Trade


               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021584
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 4



               Show
                                       49th State, 49th Year: Planning for Alaska's Prosperity
                                                 Carlson Center, Fairbanks, Alaska
                                                       September 16-18, 2008

               Our 49u' Fall Conference and Business Trade Show: 49th Year, 49th State : Planning for Alaska's
               Prosperity event is September 16-18, 2008 at the Carlson Center in Fairbanks . The Annual Fall
               Conference and Business Trade Show feature's timely topics important to the future of Alaska business.

               This year our opening reception will kick off with refreshments , entertainment and networking at the
               Alaska Railroad Depot Opening Reception on the evening of Tuesday , September 16-

               Attend the business focused public policy forums to learn and contribute to the most important issues
               facing Alaskan business leaders . Participate in the Voice of the Local Chambers presentation to learn
               more about local and regional concerns and developments , interact with the U .S. Congressional
               Delegation at the Live AT & T Video Teleconference, meet business leaders of the Pacific Northwest at
               the Tacoma-Pierce County Chamber of Commerce and the Greater Seattle Chamber of Commerce
               Pacific Northwest Breakfast Programs.

               The Conference also allows you to participate in the Member Business Forum, designed to initiate
               legislative policy discussion - providing an opportunity for members to share their thoughts . You will
               find great opportunities at the Business Trade Show; where your organization can offer business
               products and solutions to business leaders across the state , Canada and the Pacific Northwest. You also
               have the opportunity to enhance your organizations' leadership skills at the Association Management
               Training; designed for directors, small business leaders and executives of local chambers.

               Attend the Awards Reception and then join us at the Annual Awards Banquet for live entertainment, our
               annual raffle and our awards ceremony recognizing the William A. Egan Alaskan of the Year, the Bill
               Bivin Small Business of the Year and the Local Chamber of the Year recipients.

               Conference Registration
               Register for the conference here.

               Registration pricing includes incentives for early bird registration before August 15th, member, non-
               member, spouse, annual awards banquet and reception only and Alaska Railroad networking reception
               only rates. Travel pricing includes incentives for travel on Alaska Airlines and the Alaska Railroad as
               well as special rates for accommodations at Springhill Suites by Marriott and The Fairbanks Westmark
               Hotel! .

               For more information contact Cheryl Eluska by e-mail, Celuska@alaskachamber.com, or by calling
               (907) 278-2727.

               Statewide Business Trade Show Registration
               Join the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce in Fairbanks on September 17th and 18th as an exhibitor in
               our annual business trade show. This trade show will be the center of several special events during our
               49th Annual Fall Conference : 49th State, 49th Year: Planning for Alaska's Prosperity including serving
               as the site of our popular Annual Awards Banquet Cocktail Reception.

               People do business with people they know! Exhibit and attend our statewide business trade show. This



                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0021585
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 3 of 4


               trade show is an exceptional opportunity to promote your services to business leaders and key
               lawmakers who have gathered from across Alaska, the Pacific Northwest and Canada.

               Register your booth today and position your business to develop new relationships across the region.
               Interested businesses are invited to reserve their trade show booth on-line.

               Register for trade show here.
               For questions, contact Jody Willing by e-mail, jwilhng@alaskachamber.com, or by calling (907) 278-
               2733.

                         Top Forty Under 40 - Recognizing Young Leaders
                                      Top Forty Under 40 - Now Accepting Nominations

               Alaska's Top Forty Under 40 is a program created by the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce and Alaska
               Journal of Commerce to recognize the state 's top young professionals younger than age 40 who have
               demonstrated professional excellence and a commitment to their community.

               Do you know an Alaskan that is under younger than the age of 40 who demonstrates professional
               excellence, while having a commitment to the community?

               Nominate this person for the 10th Annual Top Forty Under 40 recognition sponsored by Anchorage
               Chamber of Commerce and Alaska journal of Commerce.

                Click Here for more information and nomination form.

               FAA Honors Alaska Airlines with Seventh Consecutive
               Diamond Award for Maintenance Training Excellence
               SEATTLE - Alaska Airlines has received its seventh consecutive Diamond Award for maintenance
               training excellence from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). This is the fifth consecutive year
               Alaska received the award with the distinction of Special Recognition, an honor given only when all
               eligible employees participate in the Aviation Maintenance Technician Awards (AMT) program.

               The FAA also presented Alaska Airlines with a special award to recognize its five -year record of 100-
               percent participation in the. AMT program.

               "This award underscores our commitment to the core values of safety and compliance ," said Fred Mohr,
               Alaska Airlines ' vice president of maintenance and engineering . "In order to achieve this commitment
               and be at the top of our game, we make a daily investment in the training and technical excellence of our
               technicians . I am so proud of everything we do to ensure the safety and compliance of our airline. In my
               opinion, we have the best technicians in the industry."

               The FAA also honored 724 Alaska Airlines employees with individual AMT Awards. Seattle Avionics
               Technician Trainer Neil Fonda and Avionics Technician James Anderson received the highest honor -
               the Diamond Award - for completing more than 100 hours of training in 2007.

               The Aviation Maintenance Technician Awards program began in 1991 . Its purpose is to provide
               incentives for aviation maintenance technicians to participate actively in initial and recurrent training
               programs, either on their own or in programs subsidized by their employer.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021586
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 4 of 4


              Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air together serve 93 cities through an expansive network in Alaska, the
              Lower 48, Hawaii, Canada and Mexico. For reservations, visit alaskaair.com. For more news and
              information, visit the Alaska Airlines/Horizon Air Newsroom at alaskaair.com/newsroom.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0021587
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Re: East-West Rd                                                                                                 Page I of 1


               Unknown

               From:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:      Monday, July 21, 2008 9:59 AM
               To:        Bishop; Clark C (DOL)
               Subject: Re: East-West Rd
              Right on!

              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


              From: "Bishop, Clark C (DOL)" <clark. bishop@alaska.gov>
              Date: Mon, 21 Jul 2008 09:55:47 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              Subject: Re: East-West Rd

              Gov Palin there is no doubt in my mind that you are on the right track with you and your teams leadership you can
              set the course for alaskas economic for the next 100 years I am here to help you get there click

              -- Original Message -
              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov. sarah@yahoo.com>
              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Bishop, Clark C (DOL)
              Sent: Mon Jul 21 05:47:20 2008
              Subject: Fw: East-West Rd

              We need to build a road to our resources in the West
              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

              ---Original Message---
              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com

              Date: Mon, 21 Jul 200813:44:58
              To: John Katz<jwkatz@alaskadc.org>
              Cc: Randy Ruaro<randall.ruaro@alaska .gov>; M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska .gov>; Kel
              Goode<kel lyc@acsalaska.net>
              Subject: East-West Rd


              John- what's been Stevens' position on AK building and E-W road to our resources? Probably a $2 billion project...
              And the first major rd built since the 70's. Its certainly something we want to do and would want to put some of our
              Fed Transportation formula funds towards.
              Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0021588
