Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:           Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:           Monday, July 21, 2008 12:33 PM
              To:             Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject:        FW: NCOIL Resolution in Support of Extending Dependent Health Benefits for Young Adults
              Importance: High




              From: Jordan Estey [mailto:]Estey@nolan -associates.cem] On Behalf Of NCOIL President Rep. Brian
              Kennedy, RI
              Sent: Monday, July 21, 2008 11:21 AM
              Subject: NCOIL Resolution in Support of Extending Dependent Health Benefits for Young Adults
              Importance: High


               0




              July 21, 2008

              Dear Colleague:

              On behalf of the National Conference of Insurance Legislators (NCOIL), I am forwarding to you a
              Resolution in Support of Extending Dependent Health Benefits for Young Adults , which was adopted
              unanimously by the NCOIL Executive Committee on Sunday , July 13 during the NCOIL Summer Meeting
              in New York City.

              The resolution recognizes state efforts to provide additional health insurance benefits for young adults. It
              supports the extension of existing dependent health insurance benefits to individuals up to the age of 25,
              regardless of student status , and encourages states to enact legislation presenting master policy holders
              with an option to purchase such extended benefits for young individuals.

              At least 20 states have passed similar legislation in recent years , including Colorado, Connecticut,
              Florida , Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana,
              New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico, New York , Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and
              Washington.

              NCOIL is an organization of state legislators whose primary area of interest is insurance legislation and
              regulation . Many legislators active in NCOIL either chair or are members of the committees responsible
              for insurance legislation in their respective state houses across the country. More information is available
              at www. ncoil.org.

              Please do not hesitate to contact Jordan Estey in the NCOIL National Office at 518-687-0178 or at
              jestey@ncoil.org should you have any questions.

              Sincerely,




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0021580
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2



                u
                x


               Representative Brian Kennedy
               NCOIL President
               Rhode Island House of Representatives




         i




     1




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0021581
