Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, July 22, 2008 1:42 PM
           To:                      kaari_5@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: General Administration


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment-



           ----- Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb..alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb. alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2008 1:13 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General Administration




           Web mail from: Sterling Bouma

           address: 4712 rochelle rd Homer AK 99603




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin.




               You must stand strong in the       face of the liberals and thier cohorts in the media. You
           must not look weak or in any way       unnerved by the continual onslaughtof disinformation
           being spewed by our enemies. We,       the people, support you 100% and are getting sick and
           tired of liberals always winning       the day.



               Remember, those with no ethics usually are the ones who throw stones and aligations to
           keep the eager minions in the media busy clouding good peoples reputations. Fight back and
           fight hard. We Love You. You Rock!!! Sincerely, Sterling and Kaari Bouma




           kaari_5@yahoo.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0021623
