Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, July 22, 2008 9:08 AM
            To:                      'wifliam_gamel@hotmail.com'
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Monday, July 21, 2008 4:49 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Beth Gamel

            address: PO Box 307 Willow AK 99688

             907 495 5237



            MESSAGE:

            I reside at 9104 Erica Dr on Nancy Lake. It is a three mile drive from the Parks Highway.
            The road is rutted mud most of the way. Most of the roads around the Willow area are quite
            decent. I hate to be a whiner but please do not veto a road improvement for us next year.
            Our road would be a challenge for any fire truck or ambulance. If it keeps raining, it
            will be a challenge for me. I am a member of the Nancy Lake Homeowners Association. Many
            of us depend on this road. The surface of the road is dirt. There is no other access.
            Thanks, Beth Gamel



           william-gamel@hotmail.com




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0021643
