Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown

            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, July 22, 200810:12 AM
            To:                      Irr.myers@gmail.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2008 8:12 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Lawrence myesr

           address: 1411 gulf stream circle #103 Brandon FL 33511

             813-493-4464



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,




           I am an ex-alaskan,soon to be reborn back into the greastest state in the union. I have
           read the current situation with the wooten/monigan much ado about nothing and wanted to
           let you know that your actions are exceptional and above reproach! I am only sorry that I
           was not in Alaska to vote for you during your bid for the governorship.




           I have followed your career with some interest and find myself cheering for you on all of
           your decisions.




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0021631
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            I am 62 years old and have few heroes in my life, you are the top of the heap above JFK
            and very few others. I realize that you will most probably never see this e-mail but wish
            you and your family all the best in health,wealth and happiness.




            I only hope you can withstand the beaurcrtic nonsense that you are facing on a dailey
            occurrance and put those wanta-be importantant legislative bums in place.




           Thank you for being here when Alaska needs a hero!




            (P.S.) Do a late showing and pass up Obama and Mccain for the presidentcy.




           With great respect and admiration,



           Lawrence E. Myers




           lrr.myers@gmail.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021632
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               7/22 - The Coming Assault on Small Businesses                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:        Tuesday, July 22, 2008 1:16 PM
               To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Weekly: The Coming Assault on Small Businesses



               From: membership@uschamber.com [mailto: membership@uschamber.com]
               Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2008 12:37 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Weekly: The Coming Assault on Small Businesses

                                                                                View this online.
                                                    http:/ Mmw .uschamber.intofnotice톎escription.tc?newsletter id=28127046




                                   Visit VoteForBusiness .com: Your One-Stop Politcal Action , Education, and Involvement Tool.
                  ----------------------- ---------------- ------------------- ..................... .................. _.._................................... - ......
                                                                            Tuesday, July 22, 2008

                     The Coming Assault on Small Businesses
                     By Tom Donohue, President and CEO

                                          You can't say today's union leaders don't appreciate irony. Last week one of the nation 's largest
                                          unions held a global rally protesting our system of free enterprise and capital investment . The union
                                          called it the "Take Back Our Economy" rally. Well, if it manages to push through its radical agenda,
                                          what it will do is "rake Down Our Economy."

                                         In fact, the agenda of a handful of national unions represents a direct assault on America 's small
                                         businesses. Their top priority is passage of the deceptively name Employee Free Choice Act,
                     commonly referred to as "card check ." The bill would make it cost effective for unions to go after Main Street businesses
                     and small retail establishments.

                                                                                                                                          >> Join the conversation.

                  Capital Roundup

                                     Donohue Outlines Union Agenda and Chamber's Efforts to Block It
                                     The Chamber is fighting a big union agenda thafs "bad for business , bad for workers , and bad for the
                                     country," Chamber President and CEO Tom Donohue said during a July 21 speech unveiling the
                                     Chamber's Workforce Freedom Initiative , a comprehensive grassroots and education program to defeat
                                     labor's anti-growth and anti-competitiveness agenda.

                                     Chamber Experts : Trade, Infrastructure Critical for Washington State
                                     U.S. Chamber leaders held a July 21 event in Everett, Washington, to highlight the economic and
                                     competitive benefits of free and fair trade and a strong transportation infrastructure.




                                     Chamber Calls for Balanced Approach on ADA Changes
                                     The administration should consider the costs and burdens of its proposed accessibility requirements on
                                     business owners before it makes changes to the Americans with Disability Ad (ADA), according to U.S.
                                     Chamber Vice President of Labor, Immigration and Employee Benefits Randy Johnson.



                                     Study Requested by Chamber Confirms Value of Arbitration




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0021633
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               7/22 - The Coming Assault on Small Businesses                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                                       Arbitration is a much better alternative for consumers than the court system , with consumers four times
                                       more likely to lose when credit card cases go to court , according to a new analysis conducted at the
                                       request of the Chamber's Institute for Legal Reform (1LR).




                      In This Issue                                                            Featured

                      In Your Backyard : Lawmakers Budging on Drilling                         Securing America's Energy Future

                      Economy : Inflation Surges in June                                       America is facing a long-term energy crisis that
                                                                                               could become one of the most significant economic
                      ILR Celebrates 10 Years                                                  and national security challenges of the 21st
                                                                                               century. Read our open letter to the next president
                      Chamber Wins on FACTA, IP                                                and Congress on securing America 's energy future.

                      Readers Engage in Tax Debate                                                                            >> Add your signature.
                      Donohue Is Honored


                     Member Benefits
                              ..-                                                                                                             ----------;
                      US. Chamber Deals: Check Out the Latest Dealsl

                      Here are just some of the new and exciting deals that will help you save money
                      instantly:                                                                                              :    monster
                            GoDaddy .com: Save $20 at the largest domain name registrar in the
                               world
                            Carrot Ink: Enjoy a 15% Discount & Free Shipping on ink cartridges
                            Paper.com:10% Off all paper products-from crazy to exotic to traditional
                                                                                       >> Start saving now.


                                                               uschamber. corn Weekly I Editor. John Reid
                                                          Writers: Sheryll Poe, Giovanni Coratolo, Kay Gowan
                      You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce , which has partnered
                     with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits , including members-only access to our online
                        Small Business Center, as well as other periodic communications . To simply .change your e-mail preferences or Small
                                   Business Center password , please update your profile on your subscription management page.

                          The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this newsletter.
                                   Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                                                           You are subscribed as: govemor@gov.state.ak.us

                                                                              Your Account
                                                       Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions
                                                          Remove me from uscharnber com Weekly.
                              htspJ/www uschamber info/fedmember/remove-domain -directtct?ctx-ce rile r&nkev-w73wgb64v7eixdtn&


                    If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                    fine, or ' her . To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on
                    your Subscription Management Page . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are property removed. For
                    more information about U .S. Chamber member benefits , call our dedicated customer service fine at 1 -800638-6582. .




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021634
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Invitation for Reception On Board USS Juneau                                               Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:       Tuesday, July 22, 2008 1:16 PM
                To:         Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject:    FW: Invitation for Reception On Board USS Juneau
                Importance: High




               From: Reeder, Melanie R CIV CNRNW, NOOP [mailto:melanie.reeder@navy.mil]
               Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2008 12:45 PM
               To: Reeder, Melanie R CIV CNRNW, NOOP
               Subject: Invitation for Reception On Board USS Juneau
               Importance: High




               <<Press Release 15-08 JUNEAU VISITS NAMESAKE CITY.doc>> <<invitation.pdf>>
               Dear Invited Guest,

                 The USS JUNEAU, a Navy amphibious transport ship (also called a landing platform
               dock or LPD) will be visiting Juneau from 26-30 July 2008. Attached is an invitation to
               join the Captain and crew on the flight deck of the USS JUNEAU for a reception on 28
               July from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m.

                 On 3 January 2009, Alaska will mark 50 years of statehood. It is our pleasure to be
               able to visit and meet your community during this historic time. This port visit provides
               an opportunity for USS Juneau's crew to participate in community outreach projects,
               provide ship's tours, and experience the beauty and personality unique to the capital
               city of Juneau.

                 I look forward to meeting all of you and hosting you on board Alaska's namesake ship,
               and I especially look forward to introducing you to the 'Finest Crew in the Fleet'."



               Sincerely,

               CAPT Dennis "Smiley" Mikes
               Commanding Officer
               USS JUNEAU (LPD 10)



                 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS : Guests are encouraged to bring as few items as possible
               when visiting the ship and it is recommended that you wear flat-heeled , closed-toe
               shoes . The USS JUNEAU is not ADA accessible ; therefore limited mobility invitees
               cannot be accommodated. However, we invite you pier side to see the ship and meet
               some of our sailors


               9/18/2009



                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0021635
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Invitation for Reception On Board USS Juneau                                             Page 2 of 2


                 When arriving , guests will be required to present a government -issued photo ID and pass
               through an airport- style security screening checkpoint prior to boarding.

               For more information , please call Navy Region Northwest Public Affairs , Sheila Murray (360)
               396-4981 /cell (360) 340-5398 or Melanie Reeder (360)3296-4988.

               RSVPs will be collected by the Juneau Navy League President , Murray Walsh,
               murrav _acsalaska . net (907)586-4083
                                   net,




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021636
