Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From:    John Katz [jwkatz @ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, July 22, 2008 9:24 AM
                 To:       Governor Sarah Patin
                 Cc:       Steve Haagenson; Kris Perry; Mike Nizich ; Russ Kelly
                 Subject: Natural Resources Committee/your Chairmanship


                Russ and I met this morning with the staff of NGA's Natural Resources Committee to discuss your tenure as
                Chairperson . Part of the discussion focused on procedural and tactical ways to make the Committee a more
                efficient instrument of public policy development and advocacy , but I won't bore you with this.

                One question for your consideration - what one or two themes or policy initiatives would you like to pursue
                during your tenure as Chair? The same question is being posed to the Vice Chair, and we will need
                eventually to come to an agreement with him.

                Picking up on Governor Rendell 's general theme of infrastructure , I suggested Infrastructure related to the
                development and transportation of energy resources . I thought that this could bring in the gas pipeline plus
                various national issues which could have Alaska implications . The staff suggested that we might want to add
                water infrastructure, which also fits within the purview of the Natural Resources Committee.

                Before proceeding further, I wonder whether you have any suggestions about themes to pursue during your
                tenure. I have copied Mike, Kris, and Steve to solicit their views as well.

               Thanks.


               John W. Katz
               Director of State/Federal Relations
               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               7wkatzzalaskadc.oro
               (202)624-5858




              8/25/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 0021715
