Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor c@alaskagov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, July 23, 2008 2:53 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Benedict; Nichole M (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2008 2:00 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Richard Warrington

          address: 313 Cindy Circle Kenai AK 99611




          MESSAGE:

          Hello Governor Palin,



          I wanted to tell you that it was real nice to see you up in Barrow, AK.



          Since I was up there for there attending the Alaska Brain Injury Network board meeting at
          the same time.



          The next Board meeting is going to be the 14th and 15th of October and this meeting is
          going to be in the office in Anchorage and that is at the Mental Health Trust building.



          So I would really like if you and any other staff could come to the meeting on one of
          those days, and meet all of the Alaska Brain Injury Network board members that are from
          all around the state of Alaska.



          I was appointed to the Ambassador Program by the Brain Injury Association of America back
          in 1996.



          But since then the Program has been cut back to State levels.
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0021741
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          All of the State Legislators know me and like to see me , when I give them some new
          information about Traumatic Brain Injury.



          Governor Knowles, and Governor Murkowksi liked what I have been doing in the state.



          Would like to make contact with you and talk about Brain Injury in Alaska.



          Alaska has the highest rate in the Nation!



          And a Brain Injury happens every 21 seconds and there is more Veterans coming back from
          the war with a Brain Injury.



           I would really like it if you would appoint me Ambassador for the State of Alaska.



          And I'm not looking for a paid job, just having the title Ambassador for the state of
          Alaska.



          That would be more impact to the different communities where the Alaska Brian Injury
          Network is going to be having the Ambassador for the State of Alaska be at the meetings
          also.



          So that more people would be looking into this type of Injury.



          Like I have been doing over the years getting the City of Kenai passing the Helmet law and
          Kenai, Soldotna and the Peninsula Borough Assembly likes to get information from me also.



          will talk to you later,



          Sincerely,



                    Richard Warrington



          akpatriot@gci.net




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021742
