Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@afaska.gov]
           Sent:                   Wednesday, July 23, 2008 2:54 PM
           To:                     chamber@bellefourche.org
           Subject:                RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Pali n. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2008 1:43 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from : Ms. Teresa Schanzenbach

           address : 415 Fifth Avenue Belle Fourche SD 57717

            605-892-2676



           MESSAGE:

           July 23, 2008




           Dear Governor Palin,




          On August 16, 2008, the Belle Fourche Chamber of Commerce and the City of Belle Fourche
          will be celebrating the one year anniversary of the new "Geographic Center of the Nation"
          monument for the State of South Dakota. We will do this by ceremoniously raising all 50
          state flags on the site. A designated representative from each state will be invited to
          attend and raise their state flag.




                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0021739
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Belle Fourche would like to extend an invitation to you and your family to help us
           celebrate our accomplishment in constructing this monument; a monument that exemplifies
           South Dakota's pride to be the "center of the nation."    It is our wish for you to attend,
           sharing this momentous day with invited dignitaries and guests from across the United
           States.  This dedication is also notable as producers for Good Morning America will be in
           Belle Fourche filming the event and later broadcasting it for millions of viewers to see.




           We believe as visitors travel to South Dakota to see Mount Rushmore and Crazy Horse, they
           will travel north to be at the center of this great nation and to Belle Fourche; a South
           Dakota community that prides itself for it's wholesome growth and positive quality of
           life.




          Please RSVP is you plan to attend and additional information will be sent to your office.
          A special Governor ' s luncheon is being planned for noon that same day to kick-off our
          celebration.




          Sincerely,




          Teresa Schanzenbach , Executive Director



          Bell Fourche Chamber of Commerce




          chamber@bellefourche.org




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSPO1_0021740
