Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

               From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:       Thursday, July 24, 2008 2:53 PM
               To:         Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: High-Impact Firms Create Alaska's Jobs And Growth



              From : Marshall, Connie B. [mailto:connie .marshall@sba.gov]
              Sent: Thursday, July 24, 2008 7:22 AM
              To: Marshall, Connie B.
              Subject: High-Impact Firms Create Alaska's Jobs And Growth

              Good Morning - Thought I' d share some great information about small businesses.
              Smiles,
              Connie

              Connie B. Marshall
              Regional Communications Director
              Region 10 (AK, ID, OR, WA)
              U.S. Small Business Administration
              2401 Fourth Avenue
              Suite 400
              Seattle, WA 98121
              Wit: (206) 553-5231
              tax: (206) 553-4155
              connie.marshatlCrDsba.oov




              For Release: July 24.2008                                                          Contact: John
              McDowell
               SBA Number: 08-18 ADVO                                                                      (202)205-
                                                              6941
                                                                                            john.mcdoweliftba. gov




               High-Impact Firms Create Alaska ' s Jobs And Growth
                                        State Has 1,117 Of These important Firms
                    WASHINGTON, D.C. - "High-impact" firms create Alaska's new jobs and growth,
             according to a study recently released by the Office of Advocacy of the U.S. Small Business
             Administration. Distributed across all industries, high-impact firms account for almost all
             employment and revenue growth in the national economy, the study concludes.


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021819
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 2 of 2



                     Of the 376,604 high impact firms identified by researchers nationwide, 1,117 are located in
               Alaska. That number represents 2.76 percent of Alaska's firms.

                      The study High-Impact Firms: Gazelles Revisited, defines high-impact firms as those whose sales
              have at least doubled over a four-year period and which have an employment "growth quantifier" (the
              firm's absolute change in employment multiplied by the percent change) of two or more.

                      The study notes that such firms are found across all industries and in all geographic regions. It
              ranks regions, states, metropolitan statistical areas, and counties by their percentage of high-impact
              firms. The study finds, with some data limitations, that high-impact firms are not start-ups but are on
              average around 25 years old, and that they come in all size classes. The report also documents that over
              the periods studied, nearly all job losses came from large, low-impact fines.

                     "High-impact firms are important to Alaska's economic growth and development," said Dr. Chad
              Moutray, Chief Economist for the Office of Advocacy. "State policy makers would be wise to consider
              how their policies can encourage such firms."

                      The Office of Advocacy, the "small business watchdog" of the federal government, examines .the
              role and status of small business in the economy and independently represents the views of small
              business to federal agencies, Congress, and the President. It is the source for small business statistics
              presented in user-friendly formats, and it funds research into small business issues.
     I                For more information , a complete copy of the report and rankings of high-impact firms by region,
              state, MSA, and county, visit the Office of Advocacy website at www.sba.gov/advo.



              The Office ofAdvocacy of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is an independent voice for small business
              within the federal government. The presidentially appointed Chief Counsel for Advocacy advances the views,
              concerns, and interests of small business before Congress, the White House, federal agencies, federal courts, and
              state policy makers. For more information, visit www.sba.gov/advo or call (202) 205-6533.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0021820
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page I of 2


               Unknown

               From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Thursday, July 24, 2008 3:56 PM
               To:        Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: A Special Message from Governor Sarah Palin


                u
                x




              July. 24, 2008

              Dear Fellow Alaskan,

              A well trained, well-educated workforce is critical for Alaska businesses to remain competitive in
              today's global, high-tech economy. We must make development of our workforce a top priority.
               We will not be satisfied with any kind of job, but jobs that create a better quality of life.

              Historically, the state's job development efforts have relied heavily on federal funding for
              programs such as adult basic education, training and employment. The list goes on, but the
              bottom line is that a bare minimum of state funding has been invested in these successful
              programs. Some of the responsibility for increasing the number of Alaska hires lies with Alaska
              businesses, but the state must also do a better job of preparing a workforce capable of filling the
              jobs that are critical to our economic success.

              We will continue to work with the Alaska Legislature to change the story by supporting targeted
              investments and placing more emphasis on state funding for workforce awareness and
              preparation.

              The State Training and Employment Program (STEP), which was recently extended for two
             years, provides training for Alaskans in high-demand jobs and fills gaps not met by federal
              programs. Operated by the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development
              (DOLWD), STEP has trained nearly 30,000 Alaska workers over the last 19 years. These
             participants earned more than $71 million in Alaska wages in the first year following their
             training, a 35 percent increase over pre-training earnings. The long-term benefit: more than 90
             percent of STEP participants remain in Alaska.
             Our ground-breaking partnerships - between business and industry, education and state
             government - are creating successful opportunities. We're investing an additional $2.3 million
             for DOLWD's Alaska Youth First program. Together with the Department of Education and
             Early Development's Work Keys program, Alaska Youth First provides career awareness and
             basic work skills development in our schools. A DOLWD partnership with school districts and
             the private sector has seen the advent and growth of the Alaska construction academies, which
             are training both in- and out-of-school youth as well as young adult workers in basic
             construction, welding and other skills. We are using existing facilities to offer basic skills
             development - for youth and adults - for entry into construction careers. And we are restoring
             vocational training in our secondary schools.

             The Alaska Vocational Technical Center (AVTEC) and regional training centers around the state


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0021821
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


              are putting more emphasis on offering training to Alaska 's youth. AVTEC offers quality training in
              numerous high-paying occupations and will see a much - needed face-lift. Our regional training centers
              offer training in partnership with industry . And the University of Alaska is seeing an increase for
              significant expansions to its engineering and allied health programs , offering substantial and successful
              career opportunities to more Alaskans.

              And to connect trainees with jobs, Labor Commissioner Click Bishop is pursuing agreements with
              business and industry to provide more entry-level jobs for Alaskans, including registered
              apprenticeships and structured on-the-ob training agreements , and adding employment opportunities
              for industry-related occupational training.

              With targeted state investments aimed toward closing the skills gap and providing Alaska 's employers
              with trained workers , we will see more career opportunities that will keep our young workers at home,
              and offer better jobs to thousands of underemployed and unemployed Alaskans.

              Until next time,

               u
               x




             Governor Sarah Palin




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0021822
