Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Unknown

               From :       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:        Thursday, July 24, 2008 8:59 AM
               To:          Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 23 29, 2008




              From: Waste Business Journal [mailto:info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 200811:02'PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 23-29, 2008

                                       If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                          Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Jul. 23-29, 2008


              HEADLINES...
              1. Republic Services Rejects Waste Management Offer
              2. Republic Services and Allied Waste Announce Merger
                  Integration Team
              3. Waste Connections 2Q Profit up by Almost 4%
              4. House Democrats Criticize EPA Waiver to Import PCBs from
                  Mexico
              5. Advanced Disposal Acquires Georgia Landfill
              6. Fulcrum Bioenergy to Build First Commercial-Scale MSW-to-
                  Ethanol Plant
              7. Waste Management Launches Household CFL Recycling
                  Program
              8. Alter NRG Announces Canada's First Coal to Liquids Project
              9. Landfill Methane to Energy Project Proposed for Charleston,
                  WV
              10. Clean Harbors to Announce 2Q Financial Results on August 6
              11. American Ecology to Release Second Quarter Earnings on July
                     31


               The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
               provides research and analysis of the waste industry. To learn more,
               please visit: www.wastebusinessjournal.com.
               Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
               Please feel free to forward this bulletin to your colleagues.


              1.     REPUBLIC SERVICES REJECTS WASTE MANAGEMENT OFFER
                     The board of directors of Republic Services, Inc. unanimously rejected
                     Waste Management's $6.3 billion offer to purchase the company as an
                     alternative to Republic's plans to merge with Allied Waste Industries. In
                     a letter to Waste Management CEO David Steiner, James O'Connor,
                     Republic's chairman and CEO, suggested that Waste Management's offer
                     of $34 per share for Republic's stock was not significantly higher than
                     the stock's recent trading levels, and he noted that the merger between




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0021823
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 2 of 5


                     Republic and Allied will create significant value-generating opportunities,
                     including significant cost saving synergies." By comparison, "a
                     transaction with Waste Management will involve significant additional
                     regulatory complexities and delays compared to the merger between
                     Republic and Allied given the greater number of overlaps and the
                     requirement to comply with Waste Management's 1999 consent decree."
                     In response, Waste Management issued a press release expressing the
                     company's disappointment at the Republic board's 'unwillingness to
                     consider Waste Management's proposal as one that could reasonably be
                     expected to lead to a superior proposal.".. Read More s


               2.    REPUBLIC SERVICES AND ALLIED WASTE ANNOUNCE MERGER
                     INTEGRATION TEAM
                     Republic Services and Allied Waste Industries, eager to press ahead with
                     their planned merger, and to capture more than $150 million In
                     anticipated synergies, have formed an integration team. The team will
                     be headed by Michael Cordesman, Republic's President and Chief
                     Operating Officer, and Christopher Melocik, Allied's Senior Vice President
                     of Operations and be comprised of about 10 functional experts from each
                     company, as well as Republic Chairman and CEO James O'Connor, Allied
                     Waste President and COO Don Stager, Republic CFO Tod Holmes and
                     Allied Waste EVP and Chief Personnel Officer Ed Evans. The companies
                     have also retained Deloitte Consulting LLP to advise the planning... Read
                     More s


               3.   WASTE CONNECTIONS 2Q PROFIT UP BY ALMOST 4%
                     Waste Connections announced that second-quarter profit rose 3.6%, as
                     higher prices helped offset increased fuel costs. Net income rose to
                    $26.2 million, or $0.39 per share, from $25.3 million, or $0.36 per
                    share, In last year's period. Disciplined customer pricing pushed
                    revenues up by a robust 11% to $267 million from $241.1 million last
                    year. The company reported that average fuel costs rose about 55%
                    year over year, Increasing its total fuel expense by $8 million. The
                    results were basically in line with analysts' expectations. Chairman and
                    CEO Ron Mittelstaedt said that the company's strong cash flow,
                    expanded credit facility and recent financing will help fund acquisitions
                    later in the year.. . Read More a


              4.    HOUSE DEMOCRATS CRITICIZE EPA WAIVER TO IMPORT
                    PCBS FROM MEXICO
                    House Energy and Commerce Committee leaders criticized U.S. EPA's
                    decision to grant a waiver allowing Veolia ES Technical Solutions to
                    Import polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs, from Mexico into its Port
                    Arthur incinerator. Committee Chairman John Dingell (D-Mich.),
                    Environment and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee Chairman Gene
                    Green (D-Texas) and Hilda Solis (D-Calif.) said EPA's decision breaks a
                    decades-old U.S. ban by creating an open border for PCB waste from
                    Mexico. Under the exemption, Veolia would be able to import up to
                    20,000 tons of PCB waste from Mexico ... Read Mort s


              5.    ADVANCED DISPOSAL ACQUIRES GEORGIA LANDFILL ----
                    Advanced Disposal Services Inc., continuing its expansion into Georgia,
                    recently acquired a new construction and demolition debris landfill in
                    Walton County. Advanced Disposal bought the 160-acre Caruthers Mill
                    C&D landfill from its developers South Eastern Land Services LLC and
                    South Eastern Industrial Land Services Inc. whom had not yet begun to
                    operate the site. "The acquisition of this disposal asset into Advanced
                    Disposal's existing line of business allows the company to gain greater
                    density and market share in a dynamic, high growth area of the
                    Southeast," said Charlie Appleby, Advanced Disposal's chairman and



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021824
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                         Page 3 of 5


                     CEO. Advanced Disposal now owns and operates three municipal solid
                     waste (MSW) and seven C&D debris disposal sites in Georgia, Florida,
                     Alabama and Mississippi... Read More A


                                ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

               Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous
               Waste Sites 2008
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
               Waste Sites is the only directory of.its kind and
               is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
               facility database of nearly 8 ,000 waste
               processing and disposal facilities across the US.
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
               Waste Sites is a powerful research and analysis
               tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
               operating profiles of all landfills, waste -to-energy
               plants, materials recovery facilities, construction
               & demolition landfills, transfer stations,
               composting operations and more throughout the
               entire US. [Learn More...]


               6.    FULCRUM BIOENERGY TO BUILD FIRST COMMERCIAL-SCALE
                     MSW-TO-ETHANOL PLANT
                     Pleasanton , Ca-based Fulcrum BioEnergy , Inc. announced plans to build
                    what it beleives to be the first commercial -scale production facility for
                    converting municipal solid waste to ethanol . When it begins operation in
                    early 2010, the Sierra BioFuels plant is expected to produce
                    approximately 10.5 million gallons of ethanol per year, and to process
                    nearly 90, 000 tons per year of municipal solid waste that would
                    otherwise be destined to a landfill. Fulcrum BloEnergy will design,
                    finance, construct, own and operate the plant, which will be located ten
                    miles east of Reno, Nevada . This late-stage development project is
                    expected to cost $ 120 million and is set to enter construction by the end
                    of this year. "This project is a watershed event in our nation 's efforts to
                    create a sustainable source of domestic, renewable transportation fuel ...
                    land) has profound social and environmental benefits," said Fulcrum's
                    President and Chief Executive Officer E. James Macias ...Read More P


              7.    WASTE MANAGEMENT LAUNCHES HOUSEHOLD CFL
                    RECYCLING PROGRAM
                    Waste Management, Inc. has launched ThinkGreenFromHome.com, a
                    household universal waste management offering initially highlighted by a
                    program for recycling mercury-bearing compact fluorescent lamps
                    (CFLs). Under the program, participating households can order CFL
                    recycling kits online, which incorporate Mercury VaporLok technology to
                    reduce the risk of mercury contamination and airborne exposure from
                    broken lamps. The company estimates that approximately 4 billion CFLs
                    will be in household use by 2012, when less efficient incandescent bulbs
                    will have been phased out by law. They hope to expand
                    ThinkGreenFromHome.com to include other programs for recycling
                    universal wastes such as batteries and electronic products... Read More n


              8.    ALTER NRG ANNOUNCES CANADA 'S FIRST COAL TO LIQUIDS
                    PROJECT
                    After NRG Corp. plans to build Canada's first coal-to-liquid-fuel project,
                    which could ultimately produce as much as 40,000 barrels per day. The
                    company would employ its gasification technology to harness clean
                    burning synthetic gas from coal while sequestering residual carbon
                    dioxide and eliminating harmful contaminants from the coal. The



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0021825
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                       Page 4 of 5


                   "syngas" would then be liquefied. The $4.5 billion project could be
                   operational as early as 2014 with a workforce of 400 or more. The
                   company has selected a site near Fox Creek, Alberta for its proximity to
                   infrastructure and mature oil fields that would benefit from enhanced oil
                   recovery by the injection of C02... Read More


               9. LANDFILL METHANE TO ENERGY PROJECT PROPOSED FOR
                  CHARLESTON, WV
                   A former West Virginia state treasurer has proposed to build a 3-
                   megawatt landfill gas-to-energy project on the city of Charleston's
                   landfill . Tom Loehr, who now runs Fourth Venture Group and WeSave
                   Inc., has lined up $3 million in private financing for this new venture
                   called Charleston Clean Energy LLC. Under the proposal, the city would
                   receive a 12.5% royalty on all power sold...Read More s


               Market Radius Reports
               Focus on Your Market...
               Market radius reports capture all waste
               operations within a given market. They
               provide analysis of the major players by
               market share, and show historical trends
               of pricing, volume and capacity specific
               to that area. [ Learn More...)




               10. CLEAN HARBORS TO ANNOUNCE 2Q FINANCIAL RESULTS ON
                   AUGUST 6
                   Clean Harbors will host a conference call to announce second quarter
                   financial results on Wednesday, August 6 at 9 a.m. (Eastern)... Read
                   Mores


               11. AMERICAN ECOLOGY TO RELEASE SECOND QUARTER
                   EARNINGS ON JULY 31
                   American Ecology plans to release second quarter financial results on
                   Thursday, July 31 prior to the opening of the market. Management will
                   host a conference call at 11 a.m. (Eastern) that morning to discuss those
                   results.. . Read More e



              Waste Market Overview &                  of lire Waste M009"" ft kwh"y
              Outlook                            "1610 sMsadMicledled
                                                 (eew$i
              The Waste Market Overview
              examines the industry top to
              bottom covering waste
              generation, collection,
              processing , recovery and
              disposal by revenue and
              volume. The report details the
              relationship of past and future
              pricing to capacity and demand
              for disposal, and shows the
              increasing role of the private
              sector. Waste equipment and
              the emerging importance of e-
              waste, C&D recovery , food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
               Market Revenues by Segment
               Waste Generation , Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0021826
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 5 of 5


                Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                Geographic Distribution of the Market
                Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                Waste Management Equipment
               [Learn More ...I




                ABOUT US
                Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                can help you.
                CONTACT US
                PO Box 40034
                San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                Tel 619.793.5190
                Fax 619 .793.4713
                Email info@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                Forward email
                UNSUBSCRIBE
                This email was sent to office of the_govemor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                Update Profile/ Email Address I Instant removal with
                SafeUnsubscribeT" I Privacy Policy.
                QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                DISCLAIMER
                Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                and are unintentional.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0021827
