Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From:     Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Thursday, July 24, 2008 10:14 AM
               To:       Spencer; Karl L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: Kincaid Project Grant



               From: Bustamante's [mailto:bustamante@gci.net]
               Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2008 9:38 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Re: Kincaid Project Grant

               Dear Governor Patin,
               I have j ust learned that you approved the funding for the Kincaid Project in the State Capital Project
               Budget. On behalf of all of the soccer kids and families - THANK YOU!
               Best Wishes Always,
               Linda & Bruce
                - Original Message --
                From: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                To: Bustamante's
                Sent: Friday, May 09, 200811:17 AM
                Subject: RE: Kincaid Project Grant

                Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Patin . The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
                have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



                From: Bustamante's [mailto:bustamante@gd.net]
                Sent: Friday, May 09, 2008 7:39 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: Kincaid Project Grant




                Dear Governor Patin,

                We are writing to ask you to support the $1 million grant for improvements to the Kincaid Park Regional
                Facility. Soccer is the fastest growing sport in our state and fields are needed to meet demand.

                The money would be used to install a water system that would benefit the soccer fields in the summer
                and also make snow in the winter for skiing events.

                This is NOT just an Anchorage project rather a sports facility that will be used by groups statewide.
                Soccer players from around the state frequently participate in games and tournaments in Anchorage
                and we are in dire need of good turf. We believe this project is consistent with other sports facility
                projects that you have approved funding for and appreciate your consideration of this project.

                Thank you and keep up the good work,

                Soccer Mom & Dad - Linda & Bruce Bustamante




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0021830
