Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                            Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:        Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUAROJ
                Sent:        Thursday, July 24, 2008 4:51 PM
                To:          'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
                Cc:          Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Status of energy legislation

              Governor.

              As of today:

              HOUSE

                 1. HB 4002 - Resource Rebate bill moved as amended to add the $1,200 as a line item on the pfd onto the House
                     Finance Committee. It is scheduled for a hearing on Saturday . Karen, Jerry Burnett, and I are carrying the bill. In
                    the House Community and Regional Affairs Committee , Salmon and Olson signed "do pass" recommendations.
                     (which is usually a pretty strong show of support for a bill). Fairclough , Dahlstrom , and LeDoux signed "no
                    recommendation' which is usually a sign they are on the fence. Neuman was our only strong opponent of the bill
                    and signed as a "do not pass' recommendation . All legislators are free to vote however they want on the floor.
                 2. HB 4003 - Energy Appropriations bill moved as amended to show the $50 million in savings from the Olson
                    amendment to the resource rebate bill which eliminated the supplemental application process onto the House
                    Finance Committee. It is scheduled for a hearing on Saturday. As the resource rebate bill stands now , only persons
                    found eligible for the 2008 pfd will get the $1 ,200 resource rebate . The committee requested , and we agreed
                    completed with the committee to work on an amendment that would pick up the veterans who would otherwise be left
                    out of the resource rebate . This is a group of roughly 400 elderly and non -service disabled veterans who do not
                    apply for the PFD now because the feds offset the income against their VA benefits . Salmon and LeDoux were the
                    "do pass" votes with Neuman the only 'do not pass' again.
                 3. HB 4004 - Motor Fuel Tax bill moved as amended out of the House Labor and Commerce committee . Gatto and
                    Neuman were the "do pass" votes on the bill, Gardner and Buch were the "do not pass" votes , and Ramras and
                    Olson were the 'no recommendation" votes. The bill moved on to the House Finance Committee . It is scheduled for
                    a hearing on Monday. Not much public support showing up for this bill. I think the urban D's (Bush , Gardner)
                    oppose it because the Alaska Conservation League? showed up and basically testified as I interpreted it that if you
                    lower the price of fuel, people will use more of it and we will move more slowly towards alternative fuels , and that
                    there is no guarantee the tax savings will be passed onto the consumers . Cora and I are meeting with UFA and
                    other fishing groups tomorrow to try and get them interested in the bill and the savings it would provide to Alaska
                    commercial and charter fishermen , many of whom live in rural areas.

              SENATE

                1. SB 4002 - Resource Rebate bill was heard and held in Senate Finance. I will try to work tomorrow with the
                   committee aide for Stedman to review issues and answer any questions I can. No schedule yet that I am aware for
                   the committee taking up the bill again.
                2. SB 4003 - Energy Appropriations bill was heard and held in Senate Finance.
                3. SB 4004 - Motor Fuel Tax bill was heard and held in Senate Finance. From his questions, I think Bert believes that
                   most or a good part of the savings for fishermen from not paying the motor fuel tax would go to non-resident
                   fishermen buying fuel in Dutch Harbor. I am trying to put together some stats on Alaska resident permit holders and
                   resident charter fishermen to show significant savings go to Alaskans. I will work on this tomorrow.

              Thanks,

              We will continue trying to move full speed ahead.

              Randy
                4.




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0021845
