Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From:     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent:     Thursday, July 24, 200810:47 AM
                 To:       Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:       Kris Perry; Mike Nizich ; Randy Ruaro; Russ Kelly
                 Subject: Senator Stevens/East-West Corridors

                I haven't heard anything further from Senator Stevens in response to my inquiry. Unless you feel otherwise, I'm
                not inclined to ask him again.

                The Senator knows that we have sought to consult. Further, he has generally favored the construction of roads
                and infrastructure needed to facilitate commerce and natural resource development . In this regard, I recall his
                support during ANILCA for an East-West corridor along the southern flank of the Brooks Range.

                So, I believe that he is likely to support the concept of East-West corridors now as long as the responsibility for
                finding the required funds does not fall inordinately on him. I doubt that there would be much federal funding
                beyond the State's usual highway allocations, particularly since there could be environmental opposition.

                Earlier today, I responded to a general inquiry from Commissioner von Scheben concerning the Fairbanks to
                Nome corridor. For whatever they're worth, I've excerpted these comments below.


                       I am intrigued by the idea of an East-West transportation route from Fairbanks to Nome. As you know,
                       this issue has been discussed before, but it seems to be gaining some positive momentum that didn't
                       exist previously.

                       My concerns are making sure that there are sufficient resources and other benefits to justify the cost,
                       funding from State and federal sources, and the need to avoid federal lands to the extent possible. The
                       latter issue relates to the problem of obtaining rights of way across federal lands.

                       In any event, I think that, if the idea flies with the Governor and you, it becomes a case of nothing
                       ventured, nothing gained.

                       John W. Katz
                       Director ofState/Federal Relations
                       and Special Counsel to the Governor
                       iwkatzna alaskadc. org
                       (202)624-5858




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0021846
