Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From:     Leighow, Sharon W (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=SWLEIGHOW3
                  Sent      Thursday, July 24, 2008 5:47 PM
                  To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                  Subject mike ross 762 9248



                Sharon Leighow
                Deputy Press Secretary
                Deputy Communications Director

                (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
                (907) 465-4031 Juneau
                (907) 240-7943 cell




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0021847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Pagel of 5


               Unknown

                From:          Tom Quinn [tom. quinn@wtgevents.comj
                Sent:          Friday, July 25, 2008 6:26 AM
                To:            Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Cc:            Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Buck; Hannah K (GOV)
                Subject:       Important Update: Keynote Speaker Invitation for Gov . Patin - E& P Technology Summit North
                               America, Houston, October 2008
                Importance: High
                Hi Janice,

                I hope you are well.

                I needed to update you on the Keynote Sneaking Opportunity that I have offered to Governor Palin at the
                E&P Technology Summit , Hilton Americas - Houston, this October

               www.exproevent.com

               We are tremendously pleased with the support for and evolution of the conference so far, and in particular
               with the growing representation that the Alaska region is gaining on the Conference Program.

                I have recently confirmed the following individuals as Speakers at the summit

                       Kevin Banks, Director Oil & Gas, Department of Natural Resources, Government of Alaska
                       Jeffrey Walker, Regional Supervisor, Field Operations, Minerals Management Service - Alaska
                         Region
                       Bud Fackrell, President, Denali - The Alaska Gas Pipeline LLC (BP-ConocoPhillips JV)

                We also have the pleasure of being joined by the following senior Government figures who have
                confirmed their participation as Speakers at the summit

                       Randall Luthi, Director, U.S. Department of the Interior 's Minerals Management Service
                       Hon. Richard Neufeki, Minister of Energy, Mines & Petroleum Resources, Government of British
                         Columbia
                       Karen Harbert, EVP & Managing Director, Institute for 21st Century Energy - U.S. Chamber of
                         Commerce

                lam pleased to report that the Summit has already made a great impact in the Upstream community and
                a virtually complete list of Confirmed Speakers who have recently confirmed their attendance and
                presentations for October include:

                       Gene L. Ames, GM, The Nordan Trust, Chairman - Petroleum Technology Transfer Council
                         (Summit Chairman)
                       Randall Luthi, Director, U.S. Department of the Interior's Minerals Management Service
                       Stephen Brand, SVP Technology, ConocoPhillips
                       Steven I-tinchman, EVP Technology & Services, Marathon Oil
                       Michael Bahorich, EVP E&P Technology, Apache Corporation
                       Scott Heck, SVP Global Production & Technology, Hess Corp
                       Hon. Richard Neufeld, Minister of Energy, Mines & Petroleum Resources, Government of British
                         Columbia
                         Steve Thurston, VP Deepwater, Chevron E&P
                       Jim Farnsworth, President & COO, Cobalt International Energy
                       David Latin, VP E&P Technology, BP



                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0021848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 5


                     Bud Fackrell, President, Denali - The Alaska Gas Pipeline LLC (BP-ConocoPhillips JV)
                     Jim Sigmon, Chairman, President & CEO, TXCO Resources
                     Jack Stark, SVP Exploration, Continental Resources Inc
                     Jon David Caron, Project Engineering Advisor, Anadarko Petroleum
                     Wishart Robson, Sr. Advisor to the CEO, Climate Change & Safety, Nexen Inc
                     . Doug Bloom, President, Energy Transmission West, Spectra Energy
                     Tim Bradley, President C02, Kinder Morgan Energy Partners
                     Rob Morgan, COO Upstream, Harvest Energy Trust
                     Dr. Peter Hartley, Director, Shell Centre for Sustainability & Professor of Economics, James A. Baker III
                        Institute for Public Policy, Rice University
                     James Lytal, EVP, Enterprise Products Partners - Independence Hub Project
                     Arthur Boykiw, Director Oil Sands Systems, Petro-Canada
                     Kevin Banks, Director Oil & Gas, Department of Natural Resources, Government of Alaska
                     Jeffrey Walker, Regional Supervisor, Field Operations, Minerals Management Service - Alaska Region
                     Howard Anderson, COO & VP Engineering, Triangle Petroleum Corp
                     Francisco Ortigosa, Chief Geophysicist, Maxus US Exploration - Repsol YPF
                     Jim Guion, VP Commercial Development, Enterprise Products Partners - Independence Hub Project
                     Rob Saltiel, EVP, Performance (formerly SVP North & South America Business Units), Transocean
                     Karen Harbert, EVP & Managing Director, Institute for 21St Century Energy - U.S. Chamber of
                        Commerce
                     Dr. Candy Albertsson, Independent Consultant, Former Head of Talent Management, BP pie
                     Dr. Terry Engelder, Professor of Geosciences, Penn State University
                     John Wood, Director Reserves & Production, EIA
                     Steve McMillen , Special Counsel, Baker Botts LLP

               On your last communication you did alert me to the fact that Governor Palin's schedule is indeed very busy (a fact
               which I do understand completely ) and that it was not possible to give me a definite acceptance of my invitation
               back on June 3rd when I sent the invitation originally.

               However, I must now respectfully ask whether you can confirm Governor Palin for this Keynote opportunity in view
               of the fact that several very senior Government and Industry individuals have firmly allocated this event in their
               schedules, due to the high-level nature of the gathering.

               I feel that this would provide an excellent platform for Governor Palin toward some of the most respected and
               influential individuals and organizations in North American E&P and , alas, production timing and planning
               constraints are now upon me in order to finalize the meeting.

               I very much appreciate your feedback and attention to this and I hope that the growing importance of the
               conference is recognized by the Governor and the administrative office of the Alaskan Government considering
               your role in the North American energy community and the important project proposals which are now coming to
               the fore in the Alaska region.

               Many thanks for your ongoing help and interest in the conference.

               Kind regards,

              Tom

              Tom Quinn
              E&P Conference Producer




              World Trade Group




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0021849
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 3 of 5


              Dir. 1 416 214 4995
              Gen: 1 416 214 3400
              Fax: 1 416 214 3403
              4 King Street West #1600,
              Toronto, ON MSH 1B6
              www.wtoevents.com


              htto:/fwww.zoominfo.com/Search/PersonDetail.asox?PersonlD=483089914


              From : Tom Quinn
              Sent: June 3, 2008 9:13 AM
              To: 'sarah.palin@gov.state.ak.us'
              Cc: 'office_of the the-governor@gov.state.ak.us'
              Subject: Keynote Speaker Invitation for Gov. Palin - E&P Technology Summit North America, Hilton Americas -
              Houston, October 2008
              Importance: High

              Dear Governor Patin,

              I hope this email finds you very well and belated congratulations to you and your husband on the birth of your fifth
              child back in April.

              I am the Conference Producer for E&P Technology Summit in Houston this October, I have some good news for
              you regarding the Conference Program and I needed to furnish you with this invitation.

              I wanted to get in touch with you as the Government of Alaska has been highly recommended by your peers
              within the North American Exploration & Production industry in view of the innovative projects you are involved in
              with relation to your E&P collaboration work in the North American energy community. During my research for our
              upcoming North American E&P Technology Summit, your work was referenced a number of times and as a
              leading industry figure I would like to invite you to appear as a Keynote Speaker at this year's Summit I have
              followed with interest your Government's achievements in this field during my time at Petroleum Economist
              journal in London and I, personally, would be delighted to have you involved.

              The E&P Technology Summit brings together North America's leading Upstream executives to network,
              establish key relationships and learn about some of the most critical and innovative technologies and practices in
              the marketplace today. After three highly successful years of producing the Summit in Europe we are now
              crossing the Atlantic to provide a knowledge platform for the emerging and major operators in the Western
              Hemisphere. Details of October's Houston Summit can be found here:

              www.ex2rroeyent.com

              I am pleased to report that the Summit has already made an impact in the Upstream community and fellow
              Confirmed Speakers who have recently confirmed their attendance and presentations for October include:

                  Randall Luthi, Director, U.S. Department of the Interior's Minerals Management Service
                  Stephen Brand, SVP Technology , ConocoPhillips
                  Steven Hinchman, EVP Technology & Services, Marathon Oil
                  Mike Bahorich, EVP E&P Technology, Apache Corp
                  Scott Heck, SVP Global Production & Technology , Hess Corp
                  Steve Thurston, VP Deepwater, Chevron E&P
                  Jim Farnsworth, President & COO, Cobalt International Energy
                  Wishart Robson, Sr. Advisor to the CEO, Climate Change & Safety , Nexen Inc
                  Doug Bloom, President, Energy Transmission West, Spectra Energy
                  Rob Morgan, COO Upstream, Harvest Energy Trust
                  James Lytal, EVP, Enterprise Products Partners - Independence Project
                  Howard Anderson, COO & VP Engineering, Triangle Petroleum Corp



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0021850
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 4 of 5


                      Francisco Ortigosa, Chief Geophysicist, Maxus US Exploration - Repsol YPF
                      Rob Saltiel, SVP North & South America Business Units, Transocean
                      Dr. Terry Engelder, Professor of Geosciences, Penn State University
                      Dan Naatz, VP Federal Resources and Political Affairs, Independent Petroleum Association of America


               The Summit is scheduled for October 270'-29th this year at the Hilton Americas, Houston conveniently located
               in the Downtown City area.

               This would represent an excellent opportunity to address the influential North American oil & gas community
               directly and present your E&P project experiences and successes . I'd be particularly interested in content focused
               towards your experiences with:

                      Enhanced Oil Recovery
                      Rising Project Costs
                      Access to Resources & Legislative Challenges
                      Workforce Challenges


               Here are some ideas on key focus areas of the Conference Program; of course I would be very happy to hear
               your ideas and tailor this towards recent developments you may have encountered during your work. I'd be
               particularly interested in.a "big picture" view of the work that the Government of Alaska achieves and
               your perspective on Alaskan E&P for the future:

                The Last Frontier - Evaluating the viability of Alaska's mature fields and the fundamental
               challenge of bringing hydrocarbons to the North American market

                      Outlining access to Alaskan resources and an overview of 40 years of Alaskan E&P; the
                       established operators, the lessons learned and the new wave of emerging players in the coldest
                       state
                      Analyzing the latest pipeline projects and the challenges to be overcome in innovative engineering
                       and hydrocarbon transportation over major distances
                      Evaluating the technologies and strategies in play to meet the challenges of bringing hydrocarbons
                       to market from a remote area
                      Achieving balance in project costs and profitable hydrocarbon recovery from mature fields in
                       Prudhoe Bay, the North Slope & Cook Inlet and managing increased E&P in hostile environments

               Or.

               Analyzing successful E&P strategies incorporating environmental responsibility and Government
               collaboration in Alaska: what we can learn as an industry and assessing the applications to your
               own operations

                      A Poster-Child for Proactive E&P? - perspectives on working toward common energy goals
                       whilst collaborating in economic growth and minimal environmental impact
                      Assessing strategies in creating local prosperity, environmental stewardship and navigating
                       remote and hazardous environments to unlock massive hydrocarbon resources
                      Understanding technologies involved in unconventional and remote resource plays and
                       applications across North American E&P for your operations



              Naturally, I would be happy to work with you on the outline of your Presentation and tailor it to your own style and



               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                            Page 5 of 5


                expertise. Please find the full Conference Program outlined on our website.

                As my personal guest, you would of course receive free access to the entire three -day event, including all
                networking opportunities, access to the conference program and meals at the Hilton Americas.

                I will make a note to call you soon if I haven't heard from you to discuss this opportunity further and , of course, I'd
                be most interested to hear your expertise on the issues proposed . If you, yourself, are not able to take this
                opportunity, then perhaps you might be able to recommend one of your senior management for the role.

                Many thanks and I look forward to speaking with you soon,

                Tom

                Tom Quinn
                E&P Conference Producer




                World Trade Group
                Dir: 1 416 214 4995
                Gen: 1 416 214 3400
                Fax: 1 416 214 3403
                4 King Street West #1600,
                Toronto, ON MSH 1B6
                www.wtoevents.com


                httD://www.zoominfo.com/Search/Person Detail .aspx?Person[D=483089914




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0021852
