Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                  Unknown

                  From:     John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                  Sent:     Friday, July 25, 2008 12:59 PM
                  To:       Governor Sarah Palin
                  Cc:       Mike Nizich; Randy Ruaro; Russ Kelly
                  Subject: East-West Corridors/ Next Chapter


                 Further regarding my last email to you on this subject , we have followed up with Senator Stevens' staff and
                 have learned the following -

                     · The Senator generally supports east-west corridors.
                     · He has directed his staff to search the archives to see what he has said previously.
                     · He is interested in the reason for our inquiry . In particular, he wonders whether Fairbanks to Nome or
                       other east-west corridors are receiving greater attention and gaining momentum.

                I believe that this information largely confirms my last email to you , but it also tells me that the Senator has not
                forgotten our inquiry, which he is taking seriously . More to come.

                John W. Katz
                 Director of State/Federal Relations
                 and Special Counsel to the Governor
                 fwkatzlaalaskadcoro
                 (202)624-5858




                8/28/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0021881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                RE: today's ADN editorial -good stuff                                                                              Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                  From:      Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRY]
                  Sent:      Friday, July 25, 2008 2:08 PM
                  To:        'Sarah Palin'
                  Subject: FW: HOT - FW: today's ADN editorial-good stuff

                FYI, for FERC - not the attachments, the info below:



                From: Rutherford, Marty K (DNR)
                Sent: Friday, July 25, 2008 12:07 PM
                To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
                Subject: HOT - FW: today's ADN editorial-good stuff

                Janice, Kris,
                Attached are two documents for the Governor to use in her 2:30pm meeting today with the FERC representatives . One is a
                Background Paper on the structure of FERC and the individual FERC Commissioners . The second document includes some
                Talking Points for the Governor to read before her meeting and she can decide if she wishes to use any of them . Finally,
                please let her know that she will be meeting with Chairman Joe Kelliher (who the Governor has met numerous times in DC),
                Commissioner Phillip Moeller, & Mark Robinson (Director, Office of Energy Projects).

                Additionally, just so the Governor knows, this FERC contingent has also met with Senate President Lyda Green & I believe
                Lyda included Senator Huggins in that meeting,;Senator Therriault; and via phone Representative Beth Kerttula. I am told
                they are also meeting with a TransCanada contingent that may include TC's CEO Hal Kvisle and their atty Kurt Moffett; Bud
                Fackrell, President of the Denali Pipeline ; & they traveled to Prudhoe Bay with BP. My guess is they've also met with
                ConocoPhillips and ExxonMobil.

                Finally, Drue Pearce wanted the Governor to know that she is very concerned that FERC does not appreciate what they will
                need to do to provide adequate "government to government consultation" with Alaskans during the permitting of the Alaska
                Gas Pipeline . Historically FERC does very diminimous outreach in their govt to govt consulations . Drue would appreciate
                your emphasizing Drue's message that FERC will need to work with the other federal agencies as well as ANCSA
                corporations and tribes as they design a consultation process that at least equals the one done as part of the TAPS 30 year
                renewal process.

                Please ensure the Governor has all this information before her 2:30pm meeting. If she'd like to talk about any of this, please
                call me at #317-4728.
                Thanks so much,
                Marty




                8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0021882
