Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 6


                Unknown

                From:     PAUL KENDALL [pauldkendall@yahoo.com]
                Sent:      Friday, July 25, 2008 4:47 PM
                To:        Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
                Cc:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Tabs Colberg; Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K
                          (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Repjohn_harris@Iegis.state.akus; Wielechowski; Bill (LAA);
                          Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Bunde; Con (LAA); Dyson; Fred (LAA); Stevens; Gary L (IAA); Wilken; Gary R
                          (LAA); Therriault; Gene (LAA); French; Hollis (LAA); Ellis; Johnny (LAA); Elton; Kim S (LAA); Green;
                          Lyda N (LAA); senator thomas wagoner@Iegis.state.ak.us
                Subject: RE: formal request for meeting and info
                Date: 7-25-08 Friday 4:30 pm




                Steve, if i may be so informal,

                  Now, you have me at a dissadvantage, i e-mailed you so long ago, I just figured you wrote
                me off,

                or I did not contribute to the solution,

                or I did not have enough passion,

                 or they could see me comming even bigger, now,

                 or too edgy,

                or too pushy,

                or tooo far ahead of my time ....Or,,.



                Anyway, it is always my honor to be able to talk to you and most of your staff, I know you have
                to be busy,,,

                      Its too bad Energy seems to be moving/herding us/ me in a hurry...

                   I would liked to have had this emial from you before i drafted and sent my long
                commentaries to the legislature and other places yesterday and before,, and on the Fairbanks
                Coal Gassification project insider meeting..

                  In those commentaries i made an // or some accusations / or strong comments referencing
                you, you department, Coal /Fossil Fuel Marketers, and some of our leaders....



                Perhaps you should read them prior to me being afforded a meeting... ha, ha.. humor



                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA GSPO1_0021864
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 6




               But really, in all fariness you should....read them....



                  But, for the record i still hold faith in you that you will help Alasks build a new great sociey
               based on New Energies... Harmonic Fuels based Energies....

                  Its just that when i see a gas fired genration plant in Anch and a Coal Gasificatioin project to
               the north,,comming out of the gates,,,, early no less, ...I get real concerned ......very concerned....

               You should read my letter to the Fairbanks Daily Newsminner.... AL



               Thank YOu for the E.mail, my computer is not available to me right now - I will call to see
               when you can see me..



               Again, thank You,



               Paul D . Kendlal    "Will Free"



               cell now,, 884-2424

               land line msg ... 222-7882



                  Now, I have to try to find some of those a-mails i wrote you that were a little on the strong
               side to see just how reserved i have to be .....ha ha

                   I am thinking we should meet on camera while your having your daily-weekly energy update
               on our great new alaska; and our many new and magnificent harmonic energy projects we have
               under way;



                 With the citizens being able to call in and add comments, and ask questions of you and your
              staff, and volunteer to help out....

                 You know, so we could all be a part of history,,, kinda like a ALASKA GOOGLE moment
               where we all build our history together....




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 _0021865
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                Page 3 of 6


                 A daily Energy show where honorable people could come to share ideas and dissagree with
              respect for each other, see pictures of new energy devices, while we build something very
              special,, "Individual Freedoms" through Clean Energy Ownership by the people..

              ---.A new Great ALASKA!




              Pdk END --------

              --- On Fri, 7/25/08, Steve Haagenson <shaagenson@aidea.org> wrote:

                From: Steve Haagenson <shaagenson@aidea.org>
                Subject: RE: formal request for meeting and info
                To: pauldkendall@yahoo.com
                Cc: "sarah palm" <governor@gov.state.ak.us>, talis_colberg@law.state.ak.us,
                tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us, marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us, "Pat Galvin"
                <pgalvin@alaskapermfund.com>
                Date: Friday, July 25, 2008, 5:46 PM

                Paul, I am always willing to sit down and discuss energy . Give me a call and we can set up a
                time.




                Not sure what you meant by relaxed, but having just completed a wonderful expedition over
                the Chilkoot Trail, l will even be more relaxed than usual.




                Thanks,




                Steven Haagenson
     i
                Executive Director

                Alaska Energy Authority

                Statewide Energy Coordinator

                907-771-3073

                shaagenson @ aidea.org




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0021866
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 4 of 6




                 From: PAUL KENDALL [mailto:pauldkendatl@yahoo.com]
                 Sent: Monday, June 30, 2008 12:00 PM
                 To: Steve Haagenson
                 Cc: sarah palin; talis colberg@taw.state.ak.us; tom_irwin@dnr.state.ak.us;
                 marty_rutherford@dnr.state.ak.us; Pat Galvin
                 Subject: formal request for meeting and info




                  Date: 6-30-08 Monday am

                 To: S. Haagenson ( Director of Energy) AEA

                  From: Paul D.Kendall




                 1. a relaxed and amiable meeting with you for general discussions;     as just me being an ordinary
                 citizen



                 2. a copy of the request that was made to ISER from AEA or others , for energy data, and when it is due;
                 As well as some general discussion around the role of ISER



                 3. a copy of the recent report APA ( Alaska Power Association ?) recieved from Steve Pratt..This is a
                 bigger talk, but needs to be a matter of recognition for future reasons



                 4. as of now,, Rough cost and Expenditure amounts to date for rural awareness outreach



                 5..a rough outline of where you are headed for your summary and energy direction and pace of
                 expectations and my informal e to you on 6-16-08



                 6.perhaps a brief discussion of my E-mail to Walt Wilcox with APA




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0021867
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 5 of 6


                  7...and also, some clarifications and retractions 1 would like to make which need to be addressed



                  8. A need now for a Public Broadcast Energy Forum- the real deal....



                  9...and finally , some idea of my earlier energy single family home and society usages descriptions
                  questions i posed for your departments to help me understand more about your information available to
                  the public and the formulas you are using to determine energy use awareness



                  10..1 think you should weigh in on this EMISSIONs program and take some leadership role with
                  hydroelectric to jump start plug ins and electric vehicles and Photovoltaic Infrastructures



                 Mr. Haagenson , I remain excited about the potential and real "Alaskas Energy Future in relationship to
                 Harmonic Fuels ( electricity and water ) abundance" . And eager to hear your directions - hoping you will
                 evolve us as you go so we can contribute in some way along the way to a new Energy Based Alaska
                 Society...



                 I am more concerned than ever about how our leaders and our citizenry are going to make this new futur
                 come to fruition....... make it happen, now !

                 (plug ins comming on line big time 2010 - honda fuel cell- bmw & ford RICE engines)



                 I look forward to having the honor and opportunity to meet with you if you decide to make that possible...




                 Sincerely and Respectfully,



                 Paul D. Kendall




                 land line msg 222-7882

                 cell now      884-2424




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021868
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 6 of 6


                ps,,,, I remain skeptical of any suggestion of continued addiction to FOSSIL FUELS .in any application
                except current HEAVY INDUSTRIAL ! MANUFACTURING and a couple of others... However, we need I
                price appropriately ... large user - larger prices......




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 _0021869
