Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From :    Ken & Connie Tarbox [tarbox@ptialaska.net)
               Sent:     Friday, July 25, 2008 2:26 PM
               To:       Schlosser, Mary A (DFG)
               Cc:       Marcotte; Jim R (DFG); Hilsinger, John R (DFG); Swanton; Charles 0 (DFG); Uoyd; Denby S (DFG); Seaton; Paul (LAA); Chenault; Mike (LAA); Wagoner, Tom (LAA); Senator _Thomas Wagoner@ legis.state.akus; Stevens; Gary L (LAA); Huggins; Charlie (LAA); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               
               Subject: Re: Kasilof River sockeye salmon personal use and sport fishery expansion
              I am sorry but the response is incomplete and not factual. It is written in a tone that is dismissive and
              insulting.

              There are reasonable questions about management actions, potential lies and misrepresentations of
              facts, and legal authority. Just writing a note that says we are in our legal authority and not answer
              specific questions does not help the discourse.

              For example, how does the ADF&G and law resolve the issue of the 10 July restriction being announced
              two months prior to the season and the PMA case that dealt with this type of action.

              How can a director of Commercial Fisheries tell the public two different stories in two different forums - I
              asked for a reference to the Board of Fish tapes which this Director said the staff listened too. No
              reference is provided so does that mean the Director of Commercial Fisheries Division lied to the public?

              Relative to the emergency orders reducing bag limits in the sport fisheries there is a legal question about
              authority - what is that authority the ADF&G used to take these actions and how do they resolve those
              answers with the law saying the fisheries should be closed?

              Please answer the questions with specifics not the arrogant attitude expressed in the attached letter.

              Telling me to take something to the Board of Fisheries when in point of fact I am questioning the authority
              of ADF&G is just a silly meaningless comment

              The ADF&G leadership has been lacking for sometime and I guess the only recourse, if one cannot get
              reasonable answers, is to change the leadership.

              I and others will be working with our local representatives to do just that in the upcoming elections , budget
              discussion for ADF&G, and other avenues to get straight and honest answers to reasonable questions.




               - Original Message -
               From: Schlosser. Mary A (DFG)
               To: tarbox(c'ptialaska.net
               Cc: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) ; Huggins. Charlie (LAA) ; Stevens. Gary L (LAA) ;
               8enator Thomas Wagoner legis.state.akus ; Wagoner. Tom (LAA) ; Chenault. Mike (LAA) ; Seaton
               Paul LAA ;Lloyd. Denby S (DFG) ; Swanton. Charles 0 (DFG) ; Hilsinger. John R (DFG) ; Marcotte
               Jim R (DFG
               Sent: Friday, July 25, 2008 11:20 AM
               Subject: Kasilof River sockeye salmon personal use and sport fishery expansion

               Mr. Tarbox:
               Please see the attached response to your email to Commissioner Lloyd in mid July, 2008.
               Thank you and best regards,




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0021870
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2


                 May Schlosser
                 Office of the Commissioner
                 Alaska Department of Fish and Game
                 (907) 465-6141 Fax: (907) 465-2332

                 Attachment




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0021871
