Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah©yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Saturday, July 26, 2008 9:07 AM
          To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Kel Goode; Frank
                                   Bailey; Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: DPS complaintant


          Sharon- did Holland even bother to ask if I received Privile e s emails ? Please explain to
          her the issue re: it seing sent to general state gov accoun it did NOT get to me until
          many days later- by then we were taking action. Randy and/or others can more fully explain
          what happened to that email.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



          Date: Sat, 26 Jul 2008 15:31:00

          To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

          Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; K Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>;, Talis
          Colberg<talis.colberg@alaska.gov>; Kel Goode<kellyc@acsalaska.net>; Frank Bailey<ftb907
          @yahoo.com>

          Subject: DPS complaintant




          Sharon- I don't think ADN was ever corrected re: what happened to Prlvile a ' s email she
          sent ( offering to have me look at her files against Kopp ) back on J ul y 13 . We need to
          explain I never saw that email until I traveled to Juneau amny days later, heard rumors
          there was one, so Kelly and I did our own investigating of emails until we finally found
          it... and by then we were advised not to contact her as wheels were in motion . The ADN
          writes about this as if I purposefully ignored the accuser ' s offer to provide me more
          information . Megan further reports in a series of quesions on-line that I must be asked
          "why no response ", all based on Privilea i s email, and it ' s reported she had a follow up
          phone call to the gov ' s office and yet no response from me?

              We need    a statement on that - and again internally a strong reminder that recipients
          of volitile    emails like that must be forwarded to appropriate personnel. (In fact, Mike,
          please do a    memo on that to all admin assistants ... this was a harsh lesson to have
          learned re :   receptionists needing to use discernment on forwarding significant emails that
          seem pretty    obvious to me they should be forwarded.)

             That one needs clarification be it could lead to potential legal trouble if it's
          assumed I received the accuser ' s email yet did nothing in response . ( This email evidently
          was forwarded to three different depts , I believe)

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0021900
