Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                   Saturday, July 26, 2008 10:26 AM
           To:                     ExtemalEmailgsp; Frank Bailey
           Cc:                     Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
           Subject:                Letter to Editor


           (I'm looking for someone to correct the letter writer's goofy comments, but don't want the
           letter to ADN in response to come from me. Also, Frank - do. you have Bonnie Faulk's phone
           #, she's pageant director)

           Dear Editor:

           To address Judi Spry's Anchorage Daily News letter-to-the-editor on July 26 asking where
           the Governor was during this year' s Miss Alaska Pageant :



          First, when I asked Gov. Palin if she was ever Miss Alaska ( as Ms . Spry stated), our
          Governor replied, "Nope, a mere "Miss Congeniality", one-of the runner-up sashes, and
          much-needed college scholarships were my wins as a participant in that scholarship progam,
           about 100 years ago it seems now".

            The letter suggested the Governor didn't take time to attend the four-hour pageant due
          to a lack of support. Although constantly apologizing for not being able to accept all
          invitations, in this situation it was especially important for Alaska to have Governor
          Palin keep her committment to travel to Fairbanks that evening between the weekend's
          statewide Governor's Annual Community Picnics and meet with seven US Congressmen who were
          touring ANWR.

             Due to time constraints, to support pageant participants Gov. Palin did take time to
          record a video which was shown during the pageant. And significantly, First Gentleman. Todd
          Palin spend two days judging the event. Todd left commercial fishing early this season to
          keep his committment judge, and those who know the fishing industry (and those who know
          Todd!) can appreciate the sacrifice that was on the part of Todd Palin to support the
          pageant, on behalf of the Governor and First Family.




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0021895
