Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RH UGHES]
          Sent:                     Saturday, July 26, 2008 11:51 AM
          To:                      Perry; Krishna Y (GOV); 'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'; 'ftb907@yahoo.com'
          Subject:                 Re: Letter to Editor


          Yes - will do.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          To: ExternalEmailgsp; 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@ yahoo.com>

          Cc: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

          Sent: Sat Jul 26 11:49.:22 2008

          Subject: Re: Letter to Editor



          As external communications, Rosanne, who was the overseer of this project - and all the
          work that went into producing and support - author this. F would hope that Bonnie would
          also thank the administration and First Gentleman for their efforts here. Kate worked
          directly with her.



           ---- Original Message -----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

          To: ExternalEmailgsp; Frank Bailey <ftb907@yahoo.com>

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

          Sent: Sat Jul 26 10:25:56 2008

          Subject: Letter.to Editor



          (I'm looking for someone to correct the letter writer's goofy comments, but don't want the
          letter to ADN in response to come from me. Also, Frank - do you have Bonnie Faulk's phone
             she's pageant director)

          Dear Editor:

          To address Judi Spry's Anchorage Daily News letter-to-the-editor on July 26 asking where
          the Governor was during this year's Miss Alaska Pageant:



          First, when I asked Gov. Palin if she was ever Miss Alaska ( as Ms . Spry stated), our
          Governor replied, "Nope, a mere 'Miss Congeniality", one of the runner-up sashes, and
          much-needed college scholarships were my wins as a participant in that scholarship progam,
          about 100 years ago it seems now".

            The letter suggested the Governor didn't take time to attend the four-hour pageant due
                                                                I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0021926
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           to a lack of support. Although constantly apologizing for not being able to accept all
           invitations, in this situation it was especially important for Alaska to have Governor
           Palin keep her committment to travel to Fairbanks that evening between the weekend's
           statewide Governor's Annual Community Picnics and meet with seven US Congressmen who were
           touring ANWR.

              Due to time constraints, to support pageant participants Gov. Palin did take time to
           record a video which was shown during the pageant. And significantly, First Gentleman Todd
           Palin spend two days judging the event . Todd left commercial fishing early this season to
           keep his committment judge, and those who know the fishing industry ( and those who know
           Todd!) can appreciate the sacrifice that was on the part of Todd Palin to support the
           pageant , on behalf of the Governor and First Family.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0021927
