Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Monday, July 28, 2008 12:18 PM
          To:                      Campbell; Craig (MVA)
          Subject:                 Re: You may have already heard (UNCLASSIFIED)


          Thank you , and yes please draft presser. I 'll let Sharon know to look for it. Please
          include quote ( s) from you, too.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Craig Campbell

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Sent: Jul 28, 2008 12:15 PM

           Subject: RE: You may have already heard (UNCLASSIFIED)



           Classification:     UNCLASSIFIED

           Caveats: NONE



           Governor:



           The death is under Air Force investigation. No foul play indicated. Air

           Force officials will not discuss. the circumstances of Tinsley's death until

           the investigation is completed. Nothing we can do at this time, although I

           would recommend that a sympathy note to Mrs. Tinsley would be appropriate in

           a few days and I will let you know when any services are scheduled. You may

           want to consider sending out a very short press release expressing your

           condolences at the loss of a great Air Force leader. Let me know if you

           would like us to prepare a draft.



           Craig



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Monday, July 28, 2008 12:07 PM

           To: Campbell, Craig AK TAG NGAK

           Subject: Fw: You may have already heard


                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0021980
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          CC: this is horrible news. Any idea what happened?

          ------Original Message------

          From: Kris Perry

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Jul 28, 2008 11:59 AM

          Subject: You may have already heard



          Brig. Gen. Thomas L. Tinsley,        the commander of the Third Wing at Elmendorf

          Air Force, died of a gunshot wound in his on-base residence Sunday night, the

          Air Force said this morning. Few details are being released, but an Air Force

          .spokesman said there was no indication of foul play.




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One

          Classification:      UNCLASSIFIED

          Caveats: NONE




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                              2
