Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From :                   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
           Sent:                     Monday, July 28, 2008 10:02 AM
           To:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com; 'ftb907@yahoo.com'
           Subject:                  DRAFT Letter to Editor - for your approval


           NOTE: I have not heard back from anyone regarding the letter to the editor regarding Miss
           Alaska. Please let me know if you have changes. Thank you!



           Dear Editor,


          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           Rosanne Hughes

           Director of External Communications

           Office of the Governor




           ----- Original Message -----

           From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           To: ExternalEmailgsp; 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>

           Cc: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           Sent: Sat Jul 26 11:49:22 2008

           Subject: Re: Letter to Editor



           As external communications, Rosanne, who was the overseer of this project - and all the
           work that went into producing and support - author this. I would hope that Bonnie would
           also thank the administration and First Gentleman for their efforts here. Kate worked
           directly with her.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah @ yahoo.com < gov.sarah @ yahoo.com>

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0022007
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             To: ExternalEmailgsp ;    Frank Bailey < ftb907@yahoo.com>

             Cc: Perry ,   Kristina Y (GOV);   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

             Sent :   Sat Jul 26 10:25 : 56 2008

             Subject :   Letter to Editor




             (I'm looking for someone to correct the letter writer's goofy comments , but don't want the
             letter to ADN in response to come from me. Also, Frank - do you have Bonnie Faulk 's phone
             #, she's pageant director)

             Dear Editor:

             To address Judi Spry ' s Anchorage Daily News letter-to -the-editor on July 26 asking where
             the Governor was during this year's Miss Alaska Pageant:



             First, when I asked Gov . Palin if she was ever Miss Alaska ( as Ms. Spry stated), our
             Governor replied, "Nope , a mere "Miss Congeniality ", one of the runner-up sashes, and
             much-needed college scholarships were my wins as a participant in that scholarship progam,
             about 100 years ago it seems now".

               The letter suggested the Governor didn't take time to attend the four-hour pageant due
             to a lack of support. Although constantly apologizing for not being able to accept all
             invitations , in this situation it was especially important for Alaska to have Governor
             Palin keep her committment to travel to Fairbanks that evening between the weekend's
             statewide Governor ' s Annual Community Picnics and meet with seven US Congressmen who were
             touring ANWR.

                Due to time constraints , to support pageant participants Gov. Palin did take time to
             record a video which was shown during the pageant. And significantly , First Gentleman Todd
             Palin spend two days judging the event . Todd left commercial fishing early this season to
             keep his committment judge , and those who know the fishing industry ( and those who know
             Todd! ) can appreciate the sacrifice that was on the part of Todd Palin to support the
             pageant , on behalf of the Governor and First Family.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




         I




     I

                                                               2




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0022008
