Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, July 28, 2008 3:00 PM
           To:                      dargisclan@hotmail.com
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, July 24, 2008 9:06 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Rebecca Dargis

          address: 150 W. Bradsong St. Wasilla AK 99654

            376-8295




             Hello Sarah and Todd,



          I just want to tell you we are uplifting you and your family; and especially at this time
          of opposition. It is sad that you have to endure these accusations when you are working
          so hard at leading our great state of Alaska. Please know many are supporting you and
          helping stand against this warfare. We know that the truth will shine forth and the
          righteous shall proclaim God's goodness in the land of the living. Thanks for doing such
          a marvelous job in your calling. Stand firm.




          Prayerfully,




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0022000
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          dargisclan@hotmail.com




    I




                                                       2




                                                                                                   P RA_G S P01 _0022001
