Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Pa in (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, July 29, 2008 9:48 AM
           To:                      'agape-1@gci. nef
           Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Saturday, July 26, 2008 4:49 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Eugene Underwood

          address: 3089 Bettles BAy Anchorage AK 99515

            9077272049



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Sarah




          I am just writing you again to encourage you. I know how doing something for people
          whether you are getting paid for it or not can be a very unthankful job. Even how you can
          be taken for granted from so many. I am praying for you and I am very suprise that you
          haven't been under attack by the enemy mush more than what you have. You are not just a
          women but you are a child of the king and that makes you very dangerous to the enemy. if
          alaska was not so important to God it probably would not matter, but this state is so
          important in the fathers intime plan.   and because the enemy knows it he is going to do
          all he can to destroy and discredit you. you must finish your mandate from holyspirit to
          get this state ready for the last days.   You see sarah the father showed me 25 years ago
          that there was coming an economic collapse to america and his plan was for it to not
          affect alaska.  There is a Joseph mantle on the entire state and in the coming days when
          things get very bad and it wi

          11 alaska will save many people alive. That was Joseph's calling and this is alaska's
          calling.  So I am praying for you and that your faith fail not. please follow your heart
          and trust that he is there because he is more than you realize. We love you and your
          family and don't be concern about your son God is going to touch his life
                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0022051
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Pastor Underwood and family



           agape -l@gci.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0022052
