Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
           Sent:                   Tuesday, July 29, 2008 8:10 AM
           To:                     'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Cc:                     Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                Re: Saturday


           Governor, I am on a plane to Sitka to meet business leaders all day and will return late
           tonight. Would you like Sharon and our communications team to work on this presser?



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Sent: Tue Jul 29 07:52:00 2008

           Subject: Saturday



           Hi R- the events this Saturday at the Gov's House, as hosted by the First Family, are
           historic. We do not believe they've ever been done before as Todd gathers former First
           Ladies for their tea... plus we invited former First Ladies and their (grown) children to
           revisit the mansion for the Statehood Celebration.

              Alaskans would like to know of this, I'm sure, so profiling it and/or allowing a photo
           op of these wonderful elderly Alaskan women as they gather here on Saturday would be great
           for historical reasons and for today's public to witness.

             Statehood celebration folks can shed more light on this and help you write a presser on
          it, as can historians in Juneau who can appreciate this unprecedented event... and please
          remind Alaskans that it is a pleasure and honor for the current First Family to host this.
          We'll all be here except our son who is away training in the Mojave Desert with his Styker
          Brigade before their Sept deployment to Iraq.

             An ironic mention. needs to include the fact that Todd will have just returned from his
          blue collar Slope job to host the First Ladies Tea. (Humor helps in these type of
          announcements). Thanks!

            (Kris, if u think of others who can help contribute to this presser pls let Rosanne know
          so it can be cranked out today, then press can follow up.)

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                            1




                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0022040
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent-                    Tuesday, July 29, 2008 7:56 AM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject                  Re: Rebecca Palsha


           And I do applogize if I sound frustated w this one. I guess I am. Its killing me to
           realize how misinformed leggies, reporters and others-are on this issue. The accusations
           and false assumptions are mind boggling.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           ----- Original   Message -----

           From: gov.sarah @yahoo.com



           Date: Tue, 29 Jul 2008 15:17:52

           To: Sharon Leighow< sharon . leighow@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re : Rebecca Palsha




           Sharon- remember that I do desire to speak with reporters instead of seeing (like this
           morning) that I was "unavailable for comment". I was on the flight for only 1.5 hrs so
           people know I could have spoken to Wesley before or after the flt, had I known he had
           called, thus the false assumption will be that I again avoided press. Pls let me know when
           reporters call on this so I can respond thanks.

              Also, there can't be any suggestion that I hesitate re: their investigation. The
           critics would love to believe I don't want want one so they can continue to untruthfully
           claim that I'm hiding something.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



          Date: Tue, 29 Jul 2008 06:20:45

          To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Rebecca Palsha




          S- does ktuu know that the wooten divorce was quite awhile ago... despite their insistence
          everytime they report on this that "she fired monegan while the trooper was going through
          a divorce with her sister"? Sheeesh, they haven't gotten it right yet. And even their
                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0022041
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           forgetfulness that we offered WM another job to better utilize his strengths... it's just
           so frustrating that they're playing right into lyda and hollis' hands., and vice versa.

              I prefer speaking to these reporters who want comments on the issue. I invite the
           investigation but it's obvious we could get to the bottom of it all if leggies and
           reporters would just ASK me further questions instead of spending $100g on a fishing
           expedition.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0022042
