Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemorr?ialaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, July 30, 2008 10:31 AM
            To:                      tomnmarylou©kpunetnet
            Subject:                 RE Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




             -----Original Message-----

             From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

             Sent: Tuesday, July 29, 2008 10:35 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Mary Lou Friesen

            address: 2031 2nd Avenue Ketchikan AK 99901

              907 225-4905




            MESSAGE:

            Dear Governor Sarah,




            Keep your head up..... We all praying for you. Don't let
      1


            the "snakes" get to you.....



            I think it is so disgusting in this day and age that we still



            have to defend and prove ourselves in such small detail.



            But, that is the way of life for a politician.



            I have all the faith in you and know you will come out of this
                                                                  I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0022105
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            just fine.



           You are a very special person and I know you have a great



           preception for new plans for our State.



           I am always behind you.



           Sincerely,



           Mary Lou



           tomnmarylou @ kpunet.net




                                                       2
