Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Sent:     Wednesday, July 30, 2008 8:57 AM
                 To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                 Cc:       Mills; Andy J (GOV); Bluhm; Jason R (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: Today - 10:30 a.m. - Food Bank PSA
                Telepromtper cuz no time to memorize. We're slammed this morning. Put on sched mtg w Click
                and Sen Wilichowksi 9am at house, please

                Sent from my BlackBeny device from Cellular One


                From : "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>
                Date: Wed, 30 Jul 2008 08:41:08 -0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                CC: Mills, Andy J (GOV)<andy.mills@alaska.gov>; Bluhm, Jason R (GOV)
                <jason.bluhm@alaska.gov>; Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>;
                Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)<erlka.fagerstrom@alaska.gov>
                Subject: Today - 10:30 a.m. - Food Bank PSA

                Governor - Here is the PSA for the Food Bank that you will tape today. I have it scheduled for
                10:00 a.m. (after the morning event). Andy and Jason will be over a little before that to set up. I
                will have Erika run off a hard copy for you also. Thanks, Janice



                FOOD BANK PSA - Governor Sarah Palin
                Proposed Public Service Announcement 072208
                211 contact option

                Radio:

                Governor Palin:
                "Food Banks and food pantries around the State are feeling the pinch of lower than normal
                donations for this time of year.

               More than ever, families across Alaska need your help. If your garden or pantry is overflowing,
               please share your good fortune with Alaskans in need.

               Make a difference by giving to your local food bank or pantry today."

               Announcer:
               "To locate a local food pantry or food bank in your area, call 2-1-1 or statewide call 1-800-478-
               2221. Or on the web at www.alaska211.org

               Produced by Governor Sarah Palin and the Alaska Department of Health and Social Services"

               TV:
               (Governor Palin speaking to camera, putting cans/produce in a bag)



               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0022099
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


              "Food Banks and food pantries around the State are feeling the pinch of lower than normal donations for
              this time of year.

              More than ever, families across Alaska need your help. So if you have some extra canned goods (hold
              up can) or produce (hold up produce), please share your good fortune with Alaskans in need.

              Make a difference by giving to your local food bank today."

              Voice Over. Announcer:
              [shot of local food bank or food pantry , graphics with numbers and web site] "To locate a local food
              pantry or food bank in your area, call 2 - 1-1 or statewide call 1 -800478-2221. Or on the web
              www.alaska2lI.org


              Produced by Governor Sarah Palin and the Alaska Department of Health and Social Services"




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0022100
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                          .....




               Unknown

               From: Ruaro , Randall P (GOV) [randail. ruaro@alaska.gov]
               Sent: Wednesday, July 30, 2008 1:03 PM
               To:   gov.palin@yahoo.com
              Governor:

              Mr. Guaneli has agreed to be a member of the committee to
              interview and.recommend a person to be the new Commissioner of
              Public Safety. Dean has a month long vacation with his wife coming
              up in 3 weeks, but I told him I thought we could have most of the
              interviews complete by then and he could provide us with his
              recommendations before he leaves.

              A brief article from 2005 about Dean is set out below . I think he will
              be very helpful to our process. I have provided this information to
              Sharon.

              Randy



                                  Dean Guaneli Named State Prosecutor of the Year
                                     30-year veteran a pillar of Alaska criminal law
              June 02, 2005
              Thursday

              Anchorage, Alaska - A committee of his peers awarded Chief Assistant Attorney General
              Dean Guaneli Prosecutor of the Year for 2005 at the Annual Alaska District Attorneys'
              Training Conference in May.
                                                                "Dean 's service to the department
                                                                transcends the scope of this award," said
                                                                Susan Parkes, Deputy Attorney General
                                                                for the department's criminal division. "It
                                                                should read ' lifetime achievement award'
                                                                because Dean . has devoted most of his
                                                                professional life to this department."
                                                                "Every good manager attributes the
                                                                success of his organization to the
                                                                exceptional people working on his or her
                                                                team," said Attorney General David
                                                                Marquez. "When I look at the Department
                                                                of Law's success in meeting its mandate
                                                                of protecting Alaskans, I can think of no
                                                                better person to have on my side."
                                                                Guaneli started with the Department of
                                                                Law in 1976. He is an experienced trial
                                                                attorney, currently oversees the Office of
                                                                Special Prosecutions and Appeals (OSPA)
                                                                and represents the Department of Public


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0022101
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                                                      Safety. Guaneli was instrumental in drafting
                u
                x   jpg Dean Guanell                  Governor Murkowski's omnibus crime legislation
                                                      enacted last year and rewriting Alaska 's felony
                                                      sentencing laws which Governor Murkowski
                                                      signed into law this March . This rewrite became
                                                      necessary when the U . S. Supreme Court issued a
                                                      decision in Blakely v. Washinton last year that
                                                      invalidated the criminal sentencing statutes in a
                                                      number of states, including Alaska.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0022102
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page i of 2


                Unknown

                From:      Zoran Yankovich [zbyankovich@gmail.com]
                Sent:      Wednesday, July 30, 2008 11:46 AM
                To:        Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Commissioner of Public Safety

               July 30, 2008

               Honorable Sarah Palin
               Governor
               Alaska State Capitol Building
               Third Floor
               P.O. Box 110001
               Juneau, AK 99811-0001


               Dear Governor Palin,

               I am a career federal law enforcement executive in the Senior Executive Service who once
               served as the youngest Chief of Police in Haines Alaska in the mid-eighties. While serving in
               Haines, I was hired by the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration as a
               Special Agent and transferred in and out of the state several times, to return 10 years later to
               supervise the DEA's drug enforcement operations throughout Alaska. Today, through transfers,
               promotions and an appointment by the DEA Administrator as a Special Agent in Charge, I
               supervise over 800 employees and manage the fourth largest division for the Drug Enforcement
               Administration in the most significant drug smuggling battlefield in the United States, South
               Texas, Houston Field Division.

               I would like to return to Alaska as your Commissioner of Public Safety and I have attached my
               resume for your consideration. While I currently reside in Texas, I still own my home in Eagle
               River and consider Alaska as my true home.

               My attached resume outlines my professional experience in local and federal law enforcement
               for over 32 years. I possess Top Secret Security Clearance and can assure you that my personnel
               files for my entire career contain no adverse actions, integrity investigations, nor violations of
               ethical rules and conduct. I am well known in the law enforcement community in Alaska by the
               present and former commanders of the Alaska State Troopers and the chiefs of major and small
               police departments in the state. Law enforcement, especially federal, is a transient profession,
               but there are many law enforcement professionals in Alaska who know me and can vouch for my
               competency and character during my tenure in Alaska. I am also known by various members of
               the Alaska United States Attorney's Office, the State's Department of Law and State Judiciary
               members.

              I believe that with my lifelong experiences in both local and federal law enforcement, I possess
              unparalleled qualifications to ensure that the Alaska Department of Public Safety becomes a
              model law enforcement agency, and to provide the leadership necessary to form an agency that is
              the pride of the members and the public at large.



               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0022103
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


               I would be honored to meet with you personally regarding this position , so that you may assess my
               qualifications and the personal and professional details that are not possible in an email such as this.

               At this juncture, I respectfully request that my interest in this position be kept strictly confidential as I
               have not communicated my desire to retire from federal service to the DEA Administrator in
               Washington DC. However, I would gladly provide references upon request from within my
               organization and from the highest levels of the federal government including the Office of the National
               Drug Control Policy at the White House ; the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security.

               Thank you for your kind attention . Please let me know if I can provide further information, details or
               references. I look forward to meeting with you in person.


               Sincerely,




               Zoran Yankovich

               2620 Silver Shadow Drive
               Conroe, Texas 77304
               936-756-9194 - home
               281-840-3644 - cell




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0022104
