Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ataska.gov]
            Sent:                   Wednesday, July 30,2008 11:23 AM
            To:                     fmandersen@fastmail.frn
            Subject:                RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin.. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

            Sent: Wednesday, July 30, 2008 8:35 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Frederick Andersen

           address: 2463 Green Acres Drive Fairbanks AK 99712




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin,



           Its once again time for you to respond to corruption in government. Please urge Sen.
           Stevens to resign.  A public request would be my preference.



           I understand that indictment is not the same as conviction, but they wouldn't have charged
           unless they had him dead-to-rights. He knows it, you know it, we know it.



           He has disgraced himself and humiliated Alaskans like me. It's time clean up our
           act/image.




           Respectfully,




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022156
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Fred M. Andersen




          fmandersen @ fastmail.fm




    i




                                                    2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022157
