Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                   Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Wednesday, July 30, 2008 3:55 PM
          To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
          Cc:                     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                FW: Other




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday, July 30, 2008 1:12 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. William Journey

          address: P.0 Box 72969 Fairbanks AK 99707

           9073892779



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Honorable Governor Palin:




          Iam disappointed about your vague comment about the recent indictment of Senator Stevens.
          It appears you don't have an opinion, one-way-or-the-other about Stevens indictment.
          Soon, Congressman Young will be indicted!




          I don't believe AGIA is good for Alaska. You might have the best interest of Alaskans in
          mind; however, the Canadians don't! AGIA will be your down-fall that will ruin your
          political future!  But, "Hay", you will not be governor when Alaskans get the dirty-end of
          the stick, if AGIA passes; will you!




          Lastly, why don't you have an answer to: why Alaskans are paying about a $1.00                more for
                                                       1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0022144
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          fuel than the other 48 states. Something is terribly wrong; and even your don't want to
          address this very important matter of "gouging" fuel prices.




          It doesn't take a rock-scientist to figure out that something is terribly wrong, when oil
          prices have dropped about $ 25.00 , from the $149 . 00 just 2 weeks ago. Oil prices will
          continue to drop because the feds are investigating the "gouging " practices of price-
          fixing!




          Why doesn't Alaska investigate the "gouging" practices of price-fixing by oil industry, in
          Alaska.  Look at the practices of price fixing by Fred Meyers , Safeway, Sams , including
          all the fuel stations. Maybe Alaskans will get some kind of relief from the high fuel
          prices, by an investigation.




          Doesn ' t anyone remember the "Standard Oil" case!




          Lastly , the University of Alaska is a land-grant educational institution ! Why don't they
          operate according to their charter !? Why does UA need continuous funding by the State!?




          Respectfully submitted,




          William Journey



          Alaskan "Bushman"




                                                          2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0022145
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          dogsledteam@hotmail.com




                                                      3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022146
