Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :   Team Miller [swandanceco @yahoo.com]
              Sent:    Wednesday, July 30, 2008 1:35 PM
              To:      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
              Cc:      Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject Permanent OPA Director should not be Rachel Levitt


             Dear Mr.. Nizich,
             I am writing to request that Ms. Rachel Levitt NOT be appointed as permanent Director of
             Office of Public Advocacy. I had professional interaction with Ms. Levitt regarding a CASA
             case, to which I was the appointed CASA. It was for 2 small boys (infant and toddler) who I saw
             the foster mother abuse. I wrote a "whistle-blower," letter to Governor Palin, and was terminated
             as a CASA by OPA because I wrote the letter (I have this on tape). I was never interviewed by
             OPA, Marion Hallum, Rachel Levitt, or OCS. The doctor in this specific case had phoned OCS
             and told them to remove these children from this foster mother 's home; I have the doctor also on
             tape, documenting this as factual. The children were allowed to remain in the abusive foster
             home, for an additional 9 months. I was terminated as the CASA, by Marion Hallum & Rachel
             Levitt shortly after knowledge of my letter to Sarah Palin; I was never contacted or interviewed
             prior to my termination as a volunteer CASA. After my termination, Ms. Levitt phoned my home
             and was rude and insolent to my young adult son (18 years); she demanded that she wanted to
             know who was at my home, who had answered my phone, who was home with my children,
             where I was, and how she could immediately contact me. When I spoke with her; she was
             unprofessional, raised her voice, and was rude in her demeanor (she accused me of lying that I
             did not have a CASA badge). Ms. Levitt is not the leader that the State of Alaska needs in this
             important position; additionally, she was a," yes-man," for Mr. Josh Fink. There are many fine,
             experienced, qualified individuals who could lead the OPA; I firmly believe that Ms. Levitt
             should not be appointed permanently to this position. Thank-you for your time and
             consideration. I know this is a very difficult and hectic time for your office just now, but I could
             not let this go by.
             kindest regards,

             Linda Lewis Miller

             PO Box 2231
             15800 Rocky Ridge Ranch-Lazy Mountain
             Palmer, Alaska 99645
             746-3038
             Previous CASA to: Privileged or Personal Mat




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0022155
