Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2




                Unknown

                From: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                      GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=DSLLOYD]
                Sent: Wednesday , July 30, 2008 4:00 PM
                To:    'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
                Cc:    Nizich ; Michael A (GOV)


              Governor.

              I appreciate the change of venue and the personal attention you were able to pay us during the Cabinet meeting
              today; sorry you got drawn away before the end.

              My brief presentation focused upon:

              Yukon River Chinook fishery: I amplified on some details regarding this summer 's poor Chinook salmon run in
              the Yukon, the potential for organized violation of the fishing closure by the tribal entity in Ft Yukon , and the view
              of Canadian fishermen commenting that this shows that Alaskan's are unwilling to conserve when necessary. I
              also outlined that, at the North Pacific Fishery Management Council , we are developing rules to restrict the
              bycatch of Chinook salmon in the federal Bering Sea pollock trawl fishery , but that the promulgation and
              implementation of such rules will take some time.

              Cook Inlet sockeye fishery: the Kenai run is poor and we are restricting drift and set gilinetting as well as a part of
              the sport fishery ; we hope to make our escapement goal in the Kenai , but we may have to add further restrictions
              next week as well . We had hoped that action in early July to restrict the drift gillnet fishery in Cook Inlet would
              have helped us make our sockeye escapement goal in the Susitna/Yentna River , but that run is tapering off more
              quickly than we anticipated, so even with that action we might not make that goal . For the Kasilof River sockeye,
              however, we are allowing additional fishing time , and still project that we will exceed the escapement goal.
              Difficult management scenarios of overlapping runs and fisheries in the Inlet

              Bristol Bay sockeye fishery : we hope to have estimates soon about what proportion of "foregone " harvest
              (escapement above our escapement goals ) this summer was attributable to inevitable management difficulties
              and that which is attributable to the processors putting the fleets on limits in early July. We are also scheduled to
              host a panel discussion , with fishing and processing representatives , at FishExpo in Seattle in November,
              regarding processing capacity issues in Bristol Bay.

              Intensive management we will have inserts in the state 's major papers this Sunday , and the following
              Wednesday, on predator control . We will also have PSAs on a variety of radio stations around the state
              beginning next week, letting people know where they can locate information regarding our predator control
              programs. We have also recently worked with the Department of Law on a set of 'questions and answers" on the
              potential legal and operational effects of the upcoming ballot initiative, 05HUNT, on our ability to conduct predator
              control; this set of Q&A will be posted on our ADF & G website with the other materials that you've seen that we've
              produced on intensive management and predator control. We are being careful not to advocate pro or con for the
              initiative, but we want to provide information to the public.

              Visit to Washington . D. C.. Without going into much detail I described the visit I recently made to our
              Congressional deleg ation and the heads of federal resource agencies . Topic areas covered during those visits
              included implementation of the ESA (polar bears . beluga whales, ice seals Steller sea lions . etc) various issues
              in front of the North Pacific Council funding for th e new Pacific Salmon Treaty agreement legal aspects of our
              intended reintroduction of wood bison permitting of various uses in federally -designated wilderness areas in
              Alaska, potential implementation of predator management on federal lands and ongoing work in the Federal
              Subsistence Board arena . John Katz and his office in D . C . were of tremendous assistance which, of course. is
              predictable.

               I also discussed with Mike Nizich that he and I should meet sometime soon with Ken Johns , who I kept bumping
               into while I was in Washington, D.C. I think Mike and I should also reach out to Julie Kitka and AFN soon; I have



               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0022188
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


             made an initial approach to Julie, but we have not had time to meet more than casually yet

             Thanks Governor.

             DL.


             Denby S. Uoyd
             Commissioner
             Alaska Department of Fish and Game
             P.O. Box 115526
             Juneau, AK 99811-5526
             907-465-4719




             8/24/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0022189
