Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (0OV sponsored) Cgovemor@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, July 31, 2008 1:27 PM
           To:                      David Carey
           Subject:                 RE: Wall Street Journal story on Sarah


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: David Carey [mailto:dcarey@ci.soldotna.ak.us]

           Sent: Thursday, July 31, 2008 11:36 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored); 'Governor'

           Subject: FW: Wall Street Journal story on Sarah




           Thursday , July 31, 2008 11:33 AM



           Dear Governor Palin:



           I am most pleased that the last words in this Wall Street Journal article

           about you are my comments regarding my support for you. When Jim Carlton

          wrote and asked my opinion about what was going on concerning you, I had a

           good deal more to say about those who were against your good works however

           this was all he printed.



          Please maintain the great job you are doing for Alaska and Alaskans.



          Mayor Dave Carey, Soldotna




                                                                1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0022251
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Carlton, Jim [mailto:Jim.Carlton@ wsj.com)

           Sent: Wednesday, July 30, 2008 10:13 PM

           To: David Carey

           Subject: re: Wall Street Journal story on Sarah



           Hi Dave . fyi, here is a courtesy copy of my article on Sarah, which is

           in Thursday ' s Wall Street Journal. You had the last word in the piece.

           Thanks again for your help . Best, Jim



           WSJ(7 / 3l) Alaska ' s Star Governor Palin Faces Probe



           Dow Jones News Service via Dow Jones




               (From THE WALL STREET JOURNAL)

              By Jim Carlton



             ANCHORAGE , Alaska -- When Sarah Palin was elected governor as a

           Republican

           outsider in 2006, she didn't just take on an incumbent from her own

           party. She

           took on Alaska ' s Republican establishment.



             Ms. Palin vowed to clean up a long-cozy political system that had been

           sullied

          by an FBI corruption investigation . She endeared herself to Alaskans by

          making

          good on her reform promises and showing homey touches, like driving

          herself to

          work.



            Now, one of the bright new stars in the Republican Party has suddenly

                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0022252
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          become

          tarnished . The state legislature this week voted to hire an independent

          investigator to see whether Ms . Palin abused her office by trying to get

          her

          former brother-in - law fired from his job as an Alaska state trooper.



              "This is a governor who was almost impervious to error ," says Hollis

          French, a

          Democratic state senator. "Now she could face impeachment, in a

          worst-case

          scenario."



              The allegations against Ms. Palin are less serious than -- and

          entirely

          separate from -- those that have been leveled against a number of

          Alaska's most

          prominent politicians since 2006, when a Federal Bureau of Investigation

          probe

          into influence peddling by oil-field contractor VECO Corp . came to

          light.



              Since then , five state legislators have been sentenced to prison or

          face

         prosecution on corruption charges. On Tuesday, U . S. Sen. Ted Stevens was

         indicted on criminal charges related to the case. Mr. Stevens says he is

         innocent.



              This is the first real chink in the armor of Alaska ' s first woman

         governor,

         whose popularity soared above 80% as she enacted an ethics bill, shelved

         pork-barrel projects by fellow Republicans and jump - started a campaign

         by her

         lieutenant governor ,    Sean Parnell ,   to unseat veteran U.S. Rep. Don Young

         of
                                                             3
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska. Mr. Young has fallen under the FBI probe, too. Mr. Young, who

          didn't

          return a call seeking comment, has previously declined to comment on the

          matter.




            Ms. Palin has shown similar boldness in going after Big Oil, whose

          money has

          long dominated the state and helped fund its Republican machine. In a

          snub to

          the oil majors, she has proposed TransCanada Corp., a Calgary energy

          company, be

          given the primary contract to lead the $30 billion job to build a

          natural-gas

          pipeline from Alaska's North Slope.



            The state legislature is now meeting in special session to consider

          the

          TransCanada deal. The state's major producers, BP PLC and

          ConocoPhillips, have

          come up with their own pipeline proposal.



            Although Alaska has only about 700,000 residents, the state contains

          some of

         the richest mineral resources in the world.



            Ms. Palin -- a 44-year-old mother of five and former mayor of Wasilla,

         Alaska

          (population 8,500), and winner of the Miss Wasilla pageant -- has gained

         national acclaim. She has been featured in a photo spread in Vogue. Some

         pundits

         have touted the antiabortion conservative as a potential running mate to

         Republican presidential contender John McCain.

                                                       4
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            A spokesman for the Arizona senator said he admires Ms. Palin but is

         still

         reviewing running mates.



            "People see her as the symbol of purity in an atmosphere of

         corruption," says

         Anchorage pollster Marc Hellenthal. "She is almost Saint Sarah."



            A native of Idaho who grew up in Alaska hunting and fishing, Ms. Palin

         made an

         early stand on ethics. In 2004, she resigned as chair of the Alaska Oil

         and Gas

         Conservation Commission after Gov. Frank Murkowski appointed the

         chairman of the

         Alaska Republican Party to a seat on her commission while allowing him

         to keep

         his partisan post. "Someone has to take a stand and change some things,"

         Ms.

         Palin said in a June interview in her 17th-floor office in downtown

         Anchorage,

         whose decor includes a grizzly-bear skin.



           When she ran against Mr. Murkowski in 2006, Ms. Palin says, she got a

         call

         from Ben Stevens, then president of the Republican-run Alaska Senate and

         son of

         Sen. Stevens. "He told me, 'You're not just running against Murkowski.

         You're

         running against me, my dad, the whole state Republican party,'" Ms.

         Palin said.



           Ben Stevens, who remains under the FBI investigation, didn't return

         calls for
                                                       5
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          comment.



            Ms. Palin, whose husband, Todd Palin, is employed as an oil-field

          worker and

          fisherman, set an earthier style in office than her predecessors. She

          sold the

          jet Mr. Murkowski used to get around Alaska, relying instead on

          commercial

          airlines, her family's Volkswagen Jetta or a state-issued black

          Suburban. "I

          love to drive," she explained.



            That penchant for independence -- and driving -- has occasionally



         problems. On June 18, she blamed her half-hour delay in arriving to a

          tourism-bill ceremony in Kenai on road construction. "Todd kept

         reminding me to

         bite my tongue, saying, 'Good roads are comin'! Good roads are comin'!"

         Ms.

         Palin said to laughter from a small crowd in a converted fish cannery.



            Ms. Palin said afterward that she had ducked down to keep state

         troopers from

         seeing her as the family negotiated roadwork on the 160-mile drive from

         Anchorage to Kenai. "I knew they would wave me through," said Ms. Palin,

         as her

         husband, a four-time winner of Alaska's Tesoro Iron Dog snow-machine

         race, held

         their baby, Trig.



           The controversy now surrounding Ms. Palin stems from a messy divorce

         between

         state trooper Mike Wooten and his wife, Molly McCann, who is Ms. Palin's


                                                   .   6
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          younger

          sister.



            In 2005, Ms. Palin alleged to Mr. Wooten's supervisors that he had

          threatened

          to harm her sister and father and had engaged in numerous instances of

         misconduct, including using a stun gun on his 10-year-old stepson,

          according to

          state documents.



            In one instance, she told state investigators, she overheard him on

          the

          telephone threatening her sister: "I'm gonna f-kin' shoot your dad. He's

         gonna

          get a lead bullet."



            Mr. Wooten told investigators he tested a Taser stun gun on the boy at

         his

         request but never threatened the Palins. An internal police

         investigation

         substantiated the stun-gun incident and some other charges but threw out

         most of

         the rest. Mr. Wooten was suspended for five days in 2006.



            Through a spokesman with the Public Safety Employees Association, he

         declined

         to comment.



            On July 11. of this year, Ms. Palin fired Department of Public Safety

         Commissioner Walt Monegan. Mr. Monegan then complained that she and her

         husband

         had pressured him to fire Mr. Wooten.



           Ms. Palin, in a statement, denied that, saying she had removed the
                                                        7
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          commissioner she had appointed 18 months earlier because she wanted "a

          new

          direction."



             She said she will cooperate with the legislative probe, which is

          expected to

          be completed by November.



            Ms. Palin's supporters dismiss the so-called Troopergate incident as

          trouble

          stoked by her enemies.



            "Many of those who had been in positions of power and authority have

          been very

          envious over the past year and a half, with Ms. Palin's great

          popularity," says

          Soldotna Mayor David Carey.




            Click here to go to Dow Jones NewsPlus , a web front page of today's

          most

          important business and market news, analysis and commentary:

          http:// www.djnewsplus . com/al ? rnd=RpBLwY2%2BwBMpPkHga4Duuw%3D % 3D. You can

          use

          this link on the day this article is published and the following day.




            (END) Dow Jones Newswires



            07-30-08 1954ET



           Copyright (c) 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.

                                                          8
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               07 54 PM EDT 07-30-08

          DJBTviaNewsEdge

          :PAGE: A4

          :SUBJECT: STGO AK GEN

          Copyright (c) 2008 Dow Jones and Company, Inc.

          Received by NewsEDGE/LAN: 7/30/2008 4:54 PM




                                                        9
