Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [gdvetnor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 31, 2008 1:10 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Seniors




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

          Sent: Thursday, July 31, 2008 12:33 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Seniors



          Web mail from: Ms. Andrea Roberts

          address: PO Box 2055 Dacula GA 30019




          MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin.... my name is Andrea Roberts and I am the mother of another very
         handsome little boy born with Down syndrome :) (We call it UP syndrome).      His name is
         Reece and he is 6 years old now. I just wanted to share a very special ministry with
         you...it is called the Reece's Rainbow Down Syndrome Adoption Ministry.   Reece's Rainbow
         is a registered 501(c)3 charity which promotes the international adoption of children with
         Down syndrome exclusively.   We raise donations from individuals and private
         philanthropists as adoption grant funds, to help our adoptive families afford the high
         cost of rescuing our angels from mental institutions abroad.




         Just wanted to take a moment to congratulate you on the birth of your new son, to welcome
         you to a very special "family of families", and to invite you to visit our site and
         consider sharing our waiting children with Down syndrome with people in your own family
         and DSA there in Alaska. The website is www.reecesrainbow.org




                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022260
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          With great respect and gratitude,




          Andrea Roberts , Reece's mom



          bamaroberts@comcast.net




                                                    2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0022261
