Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 31, 2008 6:39 PM
          To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Todd
          Subject:                 Re: I'm at the house...


          What time is my cruise speech and may I start reviewing that speech?

          ------Original Message------

          From: Janice Mason

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Cc: Todd

          Sent: Jul 31,    2008 5:04 PM

          Subject: RE: I'm at the house...




         Governor - I just received an email request from Carol Sturgulewski who

         is working on a book about the Governor's House for the past couple of

         years.      The house will be marking its 100th anniversary in 2012, and the

         Friends of the Governor's Mansion Foundation want to commemorate it with

         the book.



         Carol will, be in Juneau this weekend for the events honoring the First

         Ladies.     She will be talking with Todd about the house and would also

         like to talk with you in these regards. She is interested in the

         family's first impressions of the house, how it fits into their lives

         today, any interesting stories about your time at the house. This is

         not political, but about the history of the building itself and the

         families who lived there.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Thursday, July 31,      2008 4:49 PM

                                                                1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Nizich, Michael A

          (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S

          (DOR); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject: I'm at the house...



          Yell if you need me. Pls let me know if there's Senate action that I'm

          not seeing on G2G coverage right now. Thanks

          Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2
