Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 31, 2008 1:27 PM
          To:                      dbremner@gci.net
          Subject:                 RE: Public Safet


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb. alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, July 31, 2008 11:27 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Public-Safety



          Web mail from: Mr. Don Bremner

          address: PO Box 20161 Juneau AK 99802

           907-364-2625



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,




         Lots of average citizens support you! Stand strong and keep your courage! 2' m a democrat
         but support you and your policies in many areas .Copy of my e-mail sent to Senator Elton
         for your info.




          "From    Don Bremner <dbremner@gci.net>



         Sent     Thursday , July 31, 2008 8:07 am



                                                               I




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0022272
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To   Senator-Kim-Elton@legis . state.ak . us , <Senator Kim Elton @ legis.state . ak.us>



          Subject   Legislative Council Work



          Good Morning Senator Elton,




         I've known you for quite some time as a person outside your role as a legislator and as a
         public official. My knowledge of you is that Kim Elton the person is Kim Elton the
         Senator . I've known you as a quality and caring human being.




         Now, I think as Chair of the legislative council you will be tested and measured just as
         your findings regarding the investigation of Governor Palin's firing of the PS
         Commissioner Walt Monegan . As background;




         You know I ' m a staunch Democrat , but, in this situation regarding Governor Palin's
         authority to manage her administration without legislative micro-management , she has the
         legal and political right to make changes within her own administration.




         Investigating personal family problems is exceeding your role here . I wonder? Is this
         investigation the same mindset of George Bush and Karl Rove? It is to me . Indirectly
         putting pressure on Governor Palin to try and weaken her resolve as Governor so that the
         legislators can have a little more leverage over the Governor.




         By using a public office to investigate an employee /employer relationship is not
         appropriate . The troopers have their own system of rights and responsibilities that
         require confidentiality . Will the troopers personal record become public in this process?
         It should if you are going to use a public office to investigate this private matter. It
         now opens all of his life to public scrutiny.




                                                          2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0022273
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          At the end of the day, Due Process and personal civil liberties will be weakened in
          Alaska . It's not right to spend public money this way when our rural villages are dying
          from State neglect. This money can go to a youth program , or elders program. It's just too
          obvious of a scam to be using the Legislative Council to gain leverage over the Governor.




          Think about it and put a quick end to this . Alaska . will never become a Blue State with
          this sort of behavior . Our young people will see no difference between you and the
          Republicans . Think long term, and move on from this , its not good.




          Sincerely,




          Don Bremner



          364-2625




         dbremner @ gci.net


                                                       3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0022274
