Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Von Scheben , Leo (DOT) j%O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=LVON-SCHEBENJ
          Sent:                    Tuesday, July 31, 2007 4:16 PM
          To:                      'gov.sarah©yahoo.com'
          Cc:                      Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                 RE: Knik and Gravina Re : Meeting Wednesday August 1


          Governor,

          I'd like to take a couple minutes to address some of your concerns about what are commonly
          called the "Big Three" here at DOT&PF - although I have come to understand that these
          projects share little in the way of commonalities beyond the fact that the
          environmentalists dislike all three.



          Gravina - This project has been driven by the local movers and shakers in Ketchikan for
          decades and is quite a source of frustration for this department. MacKinnon met with City,
          Borough and community representatives last February and very clearly delivered the message
          that no further work would be done on the bridge until a source of funds (+$350 million)
          was identified and secured. This same message has been delivered in Ketchikan to various
          audiences by the regional director, Mal Menzies. We further stated that DOT would not
          pursue any earmarks or further allocations of federal funds toward the project and have
          urged the community in the strongest terms we know how to find a cheaper alternative. We
          cannot and will not commit to building a bridge, any bridge, until all funds are in place.

          As you are aware, we are currently constructing some roads on Gravina Island using
          earmarked funds that we are unable to use elsewhere. In addition, we have funding for a
          replacement ferry to the airport.

         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Knik Arm Crossing (KABATA) - The Knik Arm Bridge and Toll Authority is a public
         corporation within the Department of Transportation (not unlike AIDEA and the Alaska
         Railroad) but it has a separate and independent legal existence from the state. It was
         created by the Legislature, but our administration has two members on the (five-member
         board) - designees of the Commissioners of Revenue and Transportation.

    G    The future of KABATA is up to the private marketplace - "Will a private entity fund
         construction of the project in exchange for a 55 year operating concession?" Two potential
         teams have been selected, and an RFP is being crafted that will answer that very question.
         The project is waiting a formal Record of Decision on the EIS

         John has recently expressed the concern that KABATA hints they may come back to the table
         for more state involvement through additional investment and risk sharing. DOT will not
         commit any more funds nor entertain a risk sharing. Our concern is that this was intended
         to be a public-private partnership and if the private sector demonstrates an unwillingness
         to invest in the project than we need to take a candid look at its need.



         Juneau Access Road - We are patiently waiting for the Corps permit for the project. The
         Corps has lost some legal battles recently and our sense is that they are quite timid
         right now, particularly when it comes to high profile projects such as this. With the
         recent overturning of other corps actions, they want to get it (the permit) right the
         first time.




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0022285
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          We presently have sufficient funds to construct the road through Berners Bay and beyond
          the Kensington Mine.

          From that point, the construction pace will slow to make use of more limited federal
          funding with minimal impact to other projects statewide. So in short, we know where all
          the funds are coming from but we also know that they will take many years to arrive.
          Unlike a bridge project, a road such as this can be constructed a few million dollars at a
          time and every mile will have utility.

          This project can do more towards reducing the operating cost of the Marine Highway System
          than any other project. Largely because of this, and because it forestalls the need to
          begin planning for several expensive vessel replacements , the department holds this
          project in high priority.



          In Alaska , it seems every transportation project has some controversy attached to it, some
          more than others . Outside environmental groups ( and some Alaskan groups ) are trying to
          stop every major transportation and resource development project , whether it is Juneau
          Access , Pebble mine , NPR-A or ANWR. I believe we need to continue to push ahead, build
          roads and develop our resources for the benefit of all Alaskans.



          Each of the "big three " project proposes building roads across or to largely undeveloped
          lands and I suppose that seems to be the common theme in all of these. In each of these
          projects , we have a clear course of action and I believe we should stay that course.



          LEO



          ----- Original Message-----

          From : gov.sarah @ yahoo . com (mailto : gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

          Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2007 9:53 AM

          To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Balash,
          Joseph R (GOV); Von Scheben, Leo (DOT); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Subject : Re: Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1



          Juneau access rd is, unfortunately, in this same category (until long-term funding
          solutions can be found).

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



          Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 17:45:30

          To:"Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>

                                                            2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0022286
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Cc:"Tibbles , Michael A ( GOV)" <mike . tibbles @ alaska.gov>," Russell T Kelly"
          <russ kelly@ gov.state . ak.us>," Kristina Y Perry " <kris_perry@gov . state . ak.us> ," Joseph R
          Balash" < joe_balash@ gov.state . ak.us>," Leo.Von Scheben"
          <leo vonscheben @ dot.state . ak.us>,"Sharon W Leighow"
          <sharon leighow@ gov.state . ak.us>, " Kristina Y Perry " < kris_perry@gov . state.ak.us>

          Subject : Knik and Gravina Re: Meeting Wednesday August 1




          Im sure we can find time - and as for Kabata, I hope folks know my intention is to
          continue to NOT support the nonsensical notion that the state can fund Gravina and/or Knik
          Crossing . If the feds can't fund these projects that have minimal public support, then
          they're not going to happen.



          I am very frustrated to hear that funds are being spent on Gravina , still, yet the project
          does NOT have my support be of the funding issues, long-term.



          Mike - PLEASE tell DOT their actions    makes us look inconsistent ( and clueless) and
          Federal officals will take it out on us with future funding requests be of all the
          "problems " we're having to clean up - including corruption and missplaced priorities from
          the past.

          Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

          From: "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>



          Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 09:17:40

          To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

          Cc:"Tibbles , Michael A .( GOV)" <mike . tibbles@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Meeting Wednesday August 1




          Dear Governor Palin and Mr. Tibbles ,  I will be in Juneau tomorrow , Wednesday August 1, is
          there a time when we could meet to review:

              The Marine Mammal Protection Act

                The latest request on KABATA and the report I have on what is likely coming

               The plan of action I have for the VECO matter based on our last meeting, it is a two
          page memo which I would like to confirm your approval of before I initiate it.

               Any time tomorrow would be fine. Thanks



               Talis

                                                           3




                                                                                                        PRA_GSPO1_0022287
