Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Thursday, July 31, 2008 9:47 PM
          To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
          Cc:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Britta Hanson;
                                   Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Flooding in Fairbanks


          Thank you. Yes, we're willing to help - however that may be. I'll be in Fairbanks next
          Thursday, by the way. I can get there before that if I can be of assistance, as I was just
          emailing our schedulers about things I need to accomplish while in the Interior next week.

          ------Original Message------

          From: Tom Irwin

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Cc: Joe Balash

          Cc: Marty Rutherford

          Sent: Jul 31, 2008 9:26 PM

          Subject: Flooding in Fairbanks



         Fyi:

          Heavy rains have caused some flooding in Fairbanks along the Chena River and Tanana
         Rivers.  I received a call from Rep Guttenberg asking if I could help get the COE to
         activate their flood control system near North Pole.



          There is a COE employee who lives in North Pole and monitors river levels, reports the
         levels to an employee in Anchorage and the Anchorage employee makes the decision to
         activate the system.



          Dick Lefebvre talked with both employees for me. The problem is coming from the Tanana
         River being exceptionally high (close to the 1967 flood levels) and is backing up the
         Chena.  The COE say activating the flood control system won't help the Tanana and will
         cause water problems elsewhere.  Makes sense. The good news, the Tanana has dropped 15
         percent in the last 24hrs.



          I talked to Mayor Whitaker who is flying back early from a personal trip outside because
         of the flooding. I let him know we were willing to help if he needed something.



          Will keep you informed.        Tom



         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0022277
