Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



               Unknown

                From :   John Katz jjwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                Sent:    Friday, August 01, 2008 10:51 AM
                To:      Janice Mason; Mike Nizich; Governor Sarah Palin
                Subject: President Bush/Fairbanks stopover


              I have just heard from the White House. The President will stop to refuel at Eielson AFB on August 4th between
              3:30 and 4:30, local time.

              The Governor is invited to greet the President at Elelson . Todd and Track are invited as well . The White House
              recognizes that Track may have military obligations that will preclude his involvement However, in the
              inimitable way of the White House, they now want to know as soon as possible whether Todd and/or Track will
              attend.

              The White House will identify a point of contact to facilitate the arrangements , but this has not yet occurred.
              They promised to get back to us as soon as possible with this information.

              In addition to meeting with the Governor, the President will interact with military personnel . I don't yet know in
              what context this will occur.

              The White House has Janice's name, and I told them to feel free to contact her directly as circumstances
              warrant Janice, could you provide your cell phone number for weekend contact by the White House?

              p.s. Our principal contact at the White House is Elizabeth Dial . Her office number is 202-456-2896, and her cell
              is rriyiieQed


              John W. Katz
              Director of State/Federal Relations
              and Special Counsel to the Governor
              iwkatzo)alaskadc oro
              (202)624-5858




             8/25/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSPOI 0022290
