Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                 From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNORJ
                Sent:     Friday , August 01 , 2008 10:50 AM
                To:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
                Cc:       Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV); Kokotovich; Selina M (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV); Benedict;
                          Nichole M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Legislative Investigation     Computer Hard Drive Collection




              From: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
              Sent: Thursday, July 31, 2008 3:44 PM
              To: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Cox, Susan D (LAW); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Davis, Darrell D (DOA); Svobodny,
              Richard (LAW)
              Subject: RE: Legislative Investigation - Computer Hard Drive Collection

              As part of preparing to respond to the legislature's investigation , the Office of the Governor has authorized the
              collection of computer and laptop hard drives. This process will involve a staff member of ETS collecting an
              image of the hard drives on your office computers, laptops, and external storage devices such as USB zip drives.
              Darrell Davis is the point of contact at ETS and will be directing the collection effort

              In the case of DPS computers, laptops and external storage devices, a DPS staff member will perform the
              imaging process.

              This collection process will start after business hours tomorrow night and go through the weekend . It will be done
              in a manner that will minimize disruption in access to your computer , though please be advised that the imaging
              process takes 1-2 hours, which is why we are performing the collection after business hours.

              If there are documents that you need to use while your computer is being imaged , you may copy them to a
              storage device such as an external USB zip drive so as to have access to them while your computer is being
              imaged. Do not delete such documents from your computer , however.

             To the extent that there are unrelated documents or files on your computers that are confidential or privileged
             please contact me so that we perform the collection process for the legislative investigation in a manner that does
             not waive the confidentiality or privilege of those unrelated documents or files.

             Additionally , we would ask that you begin to collect paper documents in your possession or control that are
             relevant to the subject of the legislative investigation . Either myself or Susan Cox, who will be assisting in this
             collection effort, will be contacting you soon regarding the collection of these documents.

             Please contact me immediately if you have any questions regarding this matter.

             Mike Barnhill
             Senior Assistant Attorney General
             Alaska Department of Law
             907-465-4118


             From: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, July 29, 2008 1:47 PM
             To: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
             Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)


             8/26/2009



                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022293
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


              Subject: Legislative Investigation -- Document Preservation Instruction

             As you know, yesterday the legislative council authorized the commencement of an investigation regarding the
             termination of Commissioner Walt Monegan.
             At the request of the Office of the Governor, the Department of Law will coordinate the response to the
             legislature's investigation.

             Effective immediately and until further notice from the Department of Law , you are instructed to preserve any and
             all documents in your possession or control, regardless of location, related to the subject of the legislature's
             investigation. "Documents" includes all correspondence, e-mails, notes, electronic data or communications of any
             kind, paper communications of any kind , memoranda , reports, spreadsheets, recordings of any kind, and drafts.

             Please contact me immediately if you have any questions regarding this instruction.

             I will be contacting you soon to discuss collection of the relevant documents.

             Mike Barnhill
             Senior Assistant Attorney General
             Alaska Department of Law
             907-465-4118




              8/26/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSPO1_0022294
