Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR)
           Sent:                   Monday, August 04, 2008 12:47 PM
           To:                     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
           Cc:                     Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                FW: Rura[Native




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Saturday, August 02, 2008 4:53 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Rural/Native



           Web mail from: Mr. Rick Newlun

           address: P.O. Box 291 Yakutat AK 99689

            907-784-3241



           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,



            I would like to start off by thanking you for all you have accomplished in your short
           time in office. As a life long republican you come as welcome change to a much maligned
           Republican Party in Alaska. Not being able to vote in the Caucus because none of my calls
           were returned from Cordova (the nearest caucus)or ruderich's office, I was simply left
           without voicing my opinion. I sent multiple a-mails and left multiple messages and still
           received no response. I was asking why a person from rural alaska couldn't be a delegate.
           I don't expect you to give me the answer. But possibly set me in the right direction to
           get someone who can.




           My second problem is that our local fishery is looking to be a total failure thus far.
           With the high energy and food prices and winter coming sooner than anyone plans, I was
           wondering if any preliminary plan to help local fisherman and their families can be looked
           at in the worst case scenario that coho's do not show. I am not trying to sound too bleak,
           just hopefully prepared. Our economy is in sad shape as I am sure you are aware from other
           letters from around the Southeast as well. After the Summer people go home and the local
           people are left to fend for the winter, I fear that is when things will be toughest on the
           people of Yakutat.


                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0022412
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Lastly I would like to congulate you on your new baby and wish the best in all that life
           brings you. Stand Strong and know that are Republicans in Yakutat that stand with you.



                                   Sincerely,



                                     Rick Newlun



           newluns@ptialaska.net




                                                           2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0022413
