Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



               Unknown
               From:      Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPR UARO]
               Sent:      Sunday, August 03, 2008 10:53 AM
               To:        'gov.palin©yahoo.com'
               Subject: Draft e-mail to Rep. Meyer

             Governor:

             Good morning. I have been helping Rep. Meyer defend the resource rebate and motor fuel tax suspension. I
             gave his lead staffer some talking points last night to help Kevin carry these provisions on the floor today. Here
             are some additional points I will send.

              RESOURCE REBATE

             [In response to a negative comment by Rep. Hawker]

             The policy decision of whether Alaska's natural resource wealth should be shared equally with all Alaskans and
             managed by the legislature as a public trust was made by the delegates to the Alaska Constitution nearly 50
             years ago. Article 8 clearly fixes that principle in place. Section 1 of Article 8 emphatically makes the statement
             that Alaska's natural resources should be managed in a way that recognizes the collective interest of the people
             as the owners of the lands and resources. This strong constitutional principle of policy is reflected in the resource
             rebate.

              MOTOR FUEL TAX

             [In response to negative comments by Rep. Hawker]

             Alaskans, particularly fishermen and truckers are struggling with high energy prices and need some help. Some
             legislators are demanding perfection in the form of an iron-clad guarantee that the savings from suspension of the
             motor fuel tax will be passed onto consumers. Such a guarantee is an unfair standard to apply to any legislation.
             The competitive market will allow retailers to pass on the savings and those that want to sell more gasoline than
             their competitor will pass most or all of the tax savings. At a time when Alaska is expecting an 8 billion dollar
             surplus at $120 barrel oil for FY 09, the state is bringing in $40 million in surplus revenue from selling its oil every
             48 hours. That $40 million amount is roughly the same amount the state claws out of the pockets of hard working
             Alaskans paying for oil products for a year. There is no need for this tax right now and the only guarantee is that
             if we do not suspend the tax, Alaskans will keep having to pay it.

             Randy




              8/28/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0022407
