Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown

           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GbV sponsored) [gi vemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, August 04, 2008 12:46 PM
           To:                      Yocom; Lauren J (GOV)
           Cc:                      Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Legal and_(awsuits




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb..alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Saturday, August 02, 2008 4:38 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Legal-and-lawsuits




           Web mail from: Ms. Catherine Mormile

           address: HC 35 Box 5420CR Wasilla AK 99654

             (907) 561-1800



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Gov. Palin:



            Now that a TransCanada has been sucessfully been awarded the legislators' approval and
           state's license to begin the process necessary to build a gas pipeline, and the
           legislators are well on their way in deciding the appropriate energy rebate
           administration/application, it appears that your major priorities for the citizens of
           Alaska have been fulifilled.




           May I suggest now that it is time to readdress by additional call to the legislators to
           rectify the following: HB 364




           "An Act relating to



           notice and consent for a minor's abortion; relating to penalties for
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0022427
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           performing an abortion ; relating to a judicial bypass procedure for an



           abortion ; relating to coercion of a minor to have an abortion; and



           relating to reporting of abortions performed on minors"




          I do know that Sen. Green has repeatedly requested a special session call and you have
          denied these requests . I dearly do not want to believe that your decisions have been
          biased by your apparent personal feelings for Sen. Green.




          I also know that you yourself have the highest regard for the sanctity of life and support
          the rights of families to make good sound decisions for their children ; not the government
          or the school nurse.




          Now that you experience success in all your public policies and high regard by the
          citizens of Alaska , would you please afford Sen . Green one more time to demonstrate that
          the Senate can get this issue of parental consent right this time ? I do know that many
          other members of the Senate as well as most families with daughters would like to have
          this horrible policy made right as well; and soon.




          Other auto - responses I have received have reminded me that you are very busy but find my
          inquiry important . I do understand this . But if I may be so bold, I do desire a real and
          issue-directed response and one directed to Sen. Green as well,




          Thank you for your time. Submitted by a humble citizen.



           Dr. Catherine Mormile


                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0022428
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           cupid @ alaska.net




                                                       3




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022429
