Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaskagov]
          Sent                      Monday, August 04, 2008 12:40 PM
          To:                      john@incredibleears.com
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Saturday, August 02, 2008 3:19 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: John Hernandez

          address: 2246 Shadyridge Avenue Escondido CA 92029

           760-801-6103



          MESSAGE:

          Sarah,




          I remember a time WAY BACK WHEN when I took you under my wing at KTUU-TV2 in Anchorage,
          AK.




          I had NEVER connected Sarah Heath with Sarah Palin UNTIL our good friend (and my fellow
          sports reporter) Steve Turcotte connected the dots for me during his recent trip to
          Juneau!




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0022430
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          My heartfelt congratulations to you for all you've accomplished in your incredible life in
          Alaska.




          I would welcome the opportunity to see you again some day and - -at the very least-- to
          talk with you on the phone soon.




          I trust you will do all that' s possible to make that happen!!!




          I'm.in San Diego where I've spent most of the last two years nursing my aging parents
          through the last years of their lives and safely delivering them back to their Lord and
          creator.




          My blessings and my best to you , young lady!




          Sincerely,




          John Hernandez



          (760) 801-6103



          john@incredibleears.com



          john@incredibleears.com
                                                          2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0022431
