Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                 From :     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Sent:      Monday, August 04, 2008 10:58 AM
                To:         Morgan ; Katryn L (GOV)
                 Cc:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y
                            (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: Re: 08 . 04.08 Disaster Declaration Remarks
                Thganks very much

                Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


                From : "Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)" <kate.morgan@a1aska.gov>
                Date : Mon, 04 Aug 2008 10:55:30 -0800
                To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
                CC: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)<sharonJeighow@ataska.gov>; Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV )<rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>; Perry,
                Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>; Mason, Janice L (GOV)
                <janice.mason@a1aska.gov>
                Subject: 08.04.08 Disaster Declaration Remarks

                Governor,

                Here are your remarks for the press conference. Melissa will have them printed out for you on cards.
                They have been approved by numerous sources , including General Campbell. Please let me know if you
                have any questions or if ! can be of any further assistance. Have a great trip!

                Kate Morgan
                Communications Coordinator
                Office of Governor Sarah Palin
                (907) 269-7450

                Good afternoon & thank you all for being here. I'd like to thank Dpt. of
                Military & Veterans' Affairs Comm. Craig Campbell for all the good work
                that he & his dpt. are accomplishing as they collaborate with & assist
                affected Mayors & communities as they continue to deal with the effects of
                the recent flooding. We have with us today several mayors that I'll now
                recognize: they are Fairbanks North Star Borough Mayor Jim Whitaker,
                Fairbanks City Mayor Terry Stir-ull, North Pole City Mayor Doug Isaacson,
                & Nenana Mayor Jason May-rand. Thank you all for coming.

               It's good to be here with you today although , unfortunately , these are not
               the circumstances anyone likes to meet under . Having received numerous
               briefings from state & local officials, as well as the state 's Dpt. of Homeland
               Security & Emergency Management, today I am officially declaring a
               disaster emergency due to torrential flooding for the Northern & Interior
               AKn communities of the Fairbanks North Star Borough , the Village of
               Wainwright & the City of Kaktovik in the North Slope Borough , the City of


                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0022466
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


                Nenana in the Yukon-Koyukuk REAA, the Denali Borough & the Fairbanks North
                Star Borough. It is estimated that more than 500 homes have been damaged, &
                estimates are just beginning to roll in as the flooding continues to recede.

                This declaration of Disaster Emergency authorizes state agencies to use disaster
                recovery programs to help repair impacted infrastructure, facilities & homes. The
                declaration will also give local officials & state responders the needed support to
                continue the swift & coordinated response effort that has already been taking
                place. Many thanks to the leadership in the North Star Borough for their
                preparation & responsiveness to the situation; I also applaud the many
                communities who have drawn closer as a result of this crisis & assisted their
                fellow AKns in need.

                NOW THEREFORE, on this 4th day of August, 2008, under authority granted by
                AK Statutes Section 26.23.020, I hereby declare that a condition of disaster
                emergency exists in the aforementioned communities in Northern & Interior AK.

                 Sign Declaration




                 9/18/2009


                                                                                                     PRA GSP0I_0022467
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                 Alaska Cruise Association Monthly E-news                                                                                      Page I of 2


                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
                 Sent       Monday, August 04, 2008 10:50 AM
                 To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject FW: Alaska Cruise Association Newsletter




                 Frorn: info@akcruise.org [mailto:info@akcruise.org]
                 Sent: Friday, August 01, 2008 9:27 AM
                 To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject: Alaska Cruise Association Newsletter

                        This message was sent to you from the Alaska Cruise Association. You can subscribefansubscribe to this newsletter t
                 Click here to view it in your web browser                                                                        Click he




                   :: Alaska provides warm
                   reception for Tahitian
                   Princess
                   Alaska's ports welcomed the
                   Tahitian Princess on its inaugural
                   visit this summer with fanfare,
                   including a water show in Valdez.
                   The Tahitian Princess, one...




                                                              :: Soaring fuel costs force
                                                            cruise lines
                                                              to slow down , reduce some
                                                            port times

                   Louis Benecardino, manager of the
                   Alaska Railroad Dock received the          Alaska Cruise Association 's president
                   ship's crest from Capt. Carlo Servdllo     told a Ketchikan group that cruise ship
                   during the Tahitian Princess' inagural
                                                              port tines could be reduced dramatically
                   visit to Seward'
                                                              in the next few years because of tighter
                                                              regulations, world marketplace                Kim Glisson of the Ketchikan C
                                                              competition and rising energy costs.          Andrew Damstadt of the Ketch
                                                                                                            Gary Kieitag of the University t
                                                                                                            tour the control room of Hollan
                   :: HAL promotes 2009                       Fuel costs are starting to play a bigger
                                                                                                            Statendam
                                                              role in itineraries, ACA president John
                   Alaska tours                               Binkley told Ketchikan 's Downtown
                                                              Steering Committee. He also said
                   Holland America Line is promoting          geography and cruise ship operations
                   29 cruise-tours in Alaska during           are affecting Ketchikan's port times, and,
                   2009, the state 's 50th anniversary.       "It may get worse rather than get better."




                 9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0022468
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                Alaska Cruise Association I Monthly E-news                                                                                     Page 2 of 2

                  The offerings combine an Inside          Susan Peters, Downtown Steering
                  Passage sailing with a land program
                                                           Committee chair, said the group would
                  for a package of 10 to 20 days. Lanc                                                                                                             +k'
                                                           like to see cruise ships stay longer in
                  travel is aboard domed McKinley          Ketchikan. Ketchikan lags behind
                  Explorer rail cars,...
                                                           Juneau and Skagway for total port
                                                           hours...
                  Click here for more
                                                           Click here for more

                                                            :: Cruise passenger industry big
                 :: State monitors cruise                   contributor to Anchorage
                 ship emissions
                                                           The seasonal cruise industry injected $102 million
                 By Denise Koch, Cruise Ship Program
                 manager, Department of Environmental      into the Anchorage economy last year, contributed
                 Conservation.                             $8.9 million to local government in taxes and fees
                                                           and created 596 jobs in cruise fine hotel and tour
                                                           operations, according to a new economic impact.
                 The Alaska Department of
                                                           study conducted by the McDowell Group.
                 Environmental Conservation
                 regularly monitors smoke from
                 cruise ship and ferry stacks through      Approximately 370,000 cruise passengers visited
                 our commercial passenger vessel           Anchorage in 2007. Visitors to Anchorage fall into
                 environmental compliance program.         one of several travel patterns: pre- or post-cruise      Cruise industry supports 3,000jobs in
                 Since the summer...                       land tour guests ; travelers visiting independently      Southcerdral Alaska and adds $102
                                                           before or after a cruise; and those traveling on their   million to Anchorage economy
                                                           way between the airport and their cruise ship port of
                 Click here for more                       Whittier or Seward . A train station was recently
                                                           added to the...

                                                           Click here for more




                                                           :: EPA vessel to study impact of
                                                           cruise ship-processed
                                                         wastewater
                 from Holland Americas Statendam
                 teamed up wfrh Allen Marine to clean     A team of researchers aboard the 224-foot
                 the Black Sands Beach of Ketchikan.      survey vessel Bold is using its monitoring and
                 The teams removed about 600 pound        assessment equipment to study the potential
                 of debris from the beach.                impact of cruise ships on Alaska's waters.

                                                          The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
                                                          (EPA) is partnering with the Alaska Department
                                                          of Environmental Conservation (DEC) to study          Members of the Seward Chamber of
                                                          the characteristics and behavior of treated           Commerce team about the safety and
                                                          wastewater discharged from stationary large           san#ation policies aboard Royal Caribbean's
                                                          cruise ships. The study will be conducted in          Radiance of the Seas
                                                          Skagway Harbor. DEC's cruise ship program
                                                          manager Denise Koch says Skagway was...
     'i
                                                          Click here for more




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01 0022469
