Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent                     Monday, August 04, 2008 11:02 AM
          To:                      Yocorn; Lauren J (GOV)
          Cc:                      Rowland; Mindy B (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Wilken; Jessica M (GOV); Benedict;
                                   Nichole M (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Rural/Native




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Friday, August 01, 2008 11:08 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Rural/Native



          Web mail from: Mr. Prof. Steve Langdon

          address: University of Alaska Anchorage 3211 Providence Drive Anchorage AK 99508

           907-227-3126



          MESSAGE:

          I request that the program outlined below be immediately placed before the Legislature
          with the Governor's support. The University of Alaska Anchorage - Institute of Social.and
          Economic Research stands prepared to assist in the analysis of the design and
          implementation of this program.




          STATE OF ALASKA




          SUBSISTENCE PRODUCTION SUPPORT PROGRAM




          In addition to the high heating costs faced by Alaska's remote rural population, food
          security is also directly linked to the enormously increased costs of energy.
                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0022449
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Substantial portions of the basic subsistence foodstuffs for rural Native and non-Native
           Alaskans are produced from local fish, wildlife, birds, plants and other resources.
           Acquisition of these necessary foods requires transit.to sites for their procurement
           normally accomplished through some means of motorized transport.




           The summer and early fall are the seasons when subsistence foods must be harvested,
           procured and processed.  A program of financial support for subsistence transport costs in
           rural Alaska is vitally needed to insure that food security needs of elders, children and
           other will be met this winter.




           Such a program of support would help insure that customary and traditional fresh, high
           quality local foods are available to remote rural residents this fall.




           Therefore, the State of Alaska should implement a one -year SUBSISTENCE PRODUCTION SUPPORT
           PROGRAM that would provide payments for fuel costs associated with subsistence production
           in all remote rural communities.   Up to $400 in fuel costs would be provided per
           individual subsistence producer.  Subsistence hunters and fishermen would access these
           funds by providing a State subsistence license, or other appropriate registration, and
           receipts for fuel purchases linked to subsistence transportation costs.




           In addition to providing for food security, high quality nutrition, and health
           maintenance, such a program will also extend the effectiveness of the State's effort to
           provide assistance for heating costs by providing this support.




           Steve J. Langdon, Ph.D.



           Professor and Chair, Department of Anthropology



           University of Alaska, Anchorage                          907-227-3126




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP0I_0022450
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           afsjl@uaa.alaska.edu




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0022451
