Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From:      gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Sent:      Monday, August 04, 2008 9:52 AM
                To:        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: Re: For your review and approval - polar bear press release
               Assuming Law and Fish/Game experts chimed in already, this looks good. Thanks (who did
               write it?)

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Date: Mon, 04 Aug 2008 09:48:51 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               Subject: For your review and approval - polar bear press release

                                    State of Alaska to Sue over Polar Bear Listing
               August 4, 2008, Juneau, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin announced today the State of
               Alaska has filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia seeking to
               overturn U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne's decision to list the polar bear as
               threatened under the Endangered Species Act.

               This action follows written notice given more than 60 days ago to Secretary Dirk
               Kempthorne of the Department of Interior and Director Dale Hall of the U.S. Fish and
               Wildlife Service asking that the regulation listing the polar bear as threatened be withdrawn.

               "We believe that the Service's decision to list the polar bear was not based on.the best
               scientific and commercial data available," Governor Palin said.

               The Service's analysis failed to adequately consider the polar bears'survival through prior
               warming periods, and its findings that the polar bear is threatened by sea-ice habitat loss
               and inadequate regulatory mechanisms to address sea-ice recession are not warranted.
               The Service also failed to adequately consider the existing regulatory mechanisms, including
               conservation measures within Alaska and the international community, which have resulted
               in a sustainable worldwide polar bear population that has more than doubled in number
               over the last 40 years to 20,000-25,000 bears.

               The State takes seriously its obligation and interest in the management , conservation, and
               regulation of all wildlife and other natural resources within its jurisdiction. Alaska is also
               responsible for the welfare of its citizens, who are deeply concerned that the unwarranted
               listing of the polar bear as a threatened species will have a significant adverse impact on
               Alaska by deterring activities such as commercial fisheries, oil and gas exploration and
               development, transportation, and tourism within and off-shore of Alaska.

              Governor Palin also noted that the State continues to follow the actions resulting from the
              listing closely. On July 12, the State submitted comments on an "interim final rule" dealing
              with incidental-take provisions under the Endangered Species Act seeking changes to that
              rule to exempt all activity outside of the polar bear's normal range from incidental-take
              prohibitions. "We believe that the Service's decision to treat areas of Alaska where polar
              bears do not exist differently from the rest of the United States is arbitrary," Governor Palin
              said.



               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0022471
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2



                 The public comment period on the interim final rule ended July 14, and while Alaska is hoping for
                 rapid action by the Secretary to adopt a new final rule, it is also evaluating options for challenging
                 the interim final rule if a revised final rule is not adopted soon.

                 "Although we disagree with this listing determination and with the Service's initial implementation
                 of the decision, we look forward to continued cooperation with the Service in the many other areas
                 involving Alaska's fish and wildlife resources," Governor Palin said.



                                                                  ###

                Sharon Leighow
                Deputy Press Secretary
                Deputy Communications Director

                465-4031)uneau
                269-745OAnchorage
                240-7943 cell




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0022472
