Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I


               Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Monday , August 04, 2008 2:54 PM
                To:      Stephen Branchflower
                Subject: RE: Meet and Greet
               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions, and/or information you
               have sent are important and valuable to the Governor . Although she is unable to respond to each and
               every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
               person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion , or comment.




               From : Stephen Branchflower [mailto:sebranchfiower@gmail.com]
               Sent: Sunday, August 03, 2008 9:15 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Meet and Greet

               Hello Gov. Palin.

               I will be arriving in Anchorage Saturday night [8/9] and plan to start work on Monday
               morning the 11th. I'm in the process of finalizing the details of renting private office
               space in downtown Anchorage and hope to have that completed soon.

               Since we've never met, I would like to come by your office for a couple of minutes to
               say hi. What I have in mind is just a quick meet and greet, not a big deal, and not to
               talk about the case either. I just want to introduce myself and meet some of your
               staff. By then I should have my office location details and contact info ready for you.
               I appreciate your willingness to cooperate with me, and this informal meeting can
               serve as a good ice breaker for both of us. Can we meet, say Tuesday 8/12 ? [pick a
               time].

               Also, since my work is expected to take a couple of months, I think it would be a good
               idea if you could designate someone close to you to be my contact person to handle
               requests for information, and basically act as mission control between us in the event
               you are unavailable.

               I've heard its rainy and cool up there, so it will be a welcome relief from our dry and
               hot weather here in SC.

               Regards-

               Steve Branchflower




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0022493
