Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 2


                Unknown

                From:         Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
                Sent:         Monday, August 04, 2008 2:26 PM
                To:           Burkert Erin E (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                Cc:           Rowland ; Mindy B (GOV); Yocom; Lauren J (GOV)
                Subject:      Re: PR 08-135 Governor Pleased That Obama's Energy Plan Includes Alaska 080408
                Attachments: image002.jpg
                Thank you.


                From : Burkert, Erin E (GOV)
                To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)
                Cc: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV); Yocom, Lauren J (GOV); Burkert, Erin E (GOV)
                Sent: Mon Aug 04 14:13:56 2008
                Subject: PR 08-135 Governor Pleased That Obama's Energy Plan Includes Alaska 080408




                 u
                 x




                FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                      No. 08-135

                           Governor Pleased That Obama 's Energy Plan Includes Alaska

               August 4, 200.8, Fairbanks, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin today responded to the energy
               plan put forward by the presumptive Democratic nominee for President , Illinois Senator
               Barack Obama.

               "I am pleased to see Senator Obama acknowledge the huge potential Alaska's natural gas
               reserves represent in terms of clean energy and sound jobs," Governor Palin said. "The
               steps taken by the Alaska State Legislature this past week demonstrate that we are ready,
               willing and able to supply the energy our nation needs."

                In a speech given In Lansing, Michigan , Senator Obama called for the completion of the
               Alaska natural gas pipeline, stating, "Over the next five years, we should also lease more of
               the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska for oil and gas production. And we should also tap
                more of our substantial natural gas reserves and work with the Canadian government to
               finally build the Alaska natural gas pipeline, delivering clean natural gas and creating good
               jobs in the process."

               Governor Palin also acknowledged the Senator's proposal to offer $1,000 rebates to those
               struggling with the high cost of energy.




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022494
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


                "We in Alaska feel that crunch and are taking steps to address it right here at home," Governor
                Palin said. "This is a tool that must be on the table to buy us time until our long-term energy plans
                can be put into place. We have already enjoyed the support of Alaska Senator Ted Stevens, and it
                is gratifying to see Senator Obama get on board."

                The Governor did question the means to pay for Obama's proposed rebate - a windfall profits tax
                on oil companies. In Alaska, the state's resource valuation system, ACES, provides strong
                incentives for companies to re-invest their profits in new production.

                "Windfall profits taxes alone prevent additional investment in domestic production. Without new
                supplies from American reserves, our dependency and addiction to foreign sources of oil will
                continue," Governor Palin said.

                                                                ###




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022495
