Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 4


               Unknown

               From:           Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                               GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KLMORGANI
               Sent:           Monday, August 04, 2008 9:04 PM
               To:             gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Cc:             Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject         08.05.08 AFN Roundtable Final Remarks & Event Info
               Importance: High
               Governor,

               Here are your final remarks and event info. I spoke with Julie Kitka again this evening, and she said that
               all ten speakers will have 5 minutes for a prepared speech. After the last speaker (you) they will have a
               response time from the speakers to the audience and visa versa. Julie was wondering if you want Todd
               to sit with you at the U-table? They would have a place-card for him next to you. If you'd let me know,
               I'll get back to her.

              Also, I've included a brief bio on Dr. Walter Sobeloff to remove any confusion. He turns 100 in
              November, fyi. Please let me know if you have any other question or concerns about tomorrow's event.

              Thank you, Governor, and have a great event!

               Kate

              Dr. Walter Soboleff- Walter Soboleff, a Tlingit Indian from Teneakee Springs, Alaska, was
              the first Tlingit to serve on the state Board of Education. He has also been on the Board of
              Directors of Sealaska and Sealaska Heritage Foundation. He received a Doctor of Divinity in
              1952 and a Doctor of Humanities from UAF in 1968. He was the first director of the UAF
              Alaska Native Studies department, and has dedicated his life to Alaska Native education and the
              preservation of Alaska Native culture.


              Kate Morgan
              Communications Coordinator
              Office of the Governor
              (907) 269-7450

              AFN Roundtable I Captain Cook, Foredeck 1 10-11 :30 a.m.

              Good morning©. Dr. Sobeloff, thanks so much for your beautiful prayer.
              To the many leaders & representatives of AK's First People, to Sen.
              Stevens, Sen. ih-no-way (Inouye) from Hawaii, to Sen. Murkowski, with us
              by teleconference, & to all of the distinguished guests who are here - both
              on stage & in the audience - it is my privilege to speak to you today on the
              topic of energy & abundance in our beautiful state.



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0022505
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                    Page 2 of 4



               As you've heard other speakers mention, we are in the middle of a massive
               energy crisis. This is, of course, no news to you. AKns pay the highest gas &
               fuel prices in the nation, & in rural AK especially, the cost is becoming an
               impossible burden, making it difficult to hunt, to fish - to subsist. When AKns are
               paying more to heat their home than they are on their home MORTGAGE, there
               is something wrong with that. When they have to choose between heating their
               homes or feeding their families, & when they feel forced to leave their community
               - leave their heritage - in order to afford fuel, something is wrong.

               At a regional energy summit in Kotzebue last week, they talked about the
               crossroads that we've come to - that we can view this as a crisis or an
               opportunity. I favor the second approach: to take this opportunity to reinvent our
               energy infrastructure. We can not lose hope or lose sight of the fact that AK is a
               beautiful & resource-rich land, more than capable of meeting the needs of her
               people & beyond. It is my hope, & the hope of many AKns, that the energy & fuel
               crisis we're experiencing here in AK & nation-wide, will spawn creativity, broaden
               minds, & compel our nation's leaders to reevaluate what is important &
               necessary. When we ask the question of where our energy will come from now
               & in the future, I believe that our wealth of resources here at home CAN & MUST
               be a big part of the answer.

               Our state lawmakers made history last Friday when they voted to award
              TransCanada AK a license to proceed with fieldwork & permitting &, ultimately, a
              gas pipeline. This is a landmark victory in AK's pursuit of a gasline. And we .
               have Sen. Kookesh to thank for part of that victory! Senator, thank you for your
               `yes' vote & your support of AK's future. This gasline will be our state's next
              economic lifeline & provide training, education, jobs & a FUTURE for AK's sons &
              daughters for years to come. This is good news - but it is a few years away yet.


              That's why I proposed energy rebates for families, to use as they see fit. What
              can we do NOW to ease the cost pressure AK's communities are experiencing?
              Several weeks ago, my administration submitted a plan to the legislature to
              distribute some of the profits we've received as oil prices have soared - $1,200


               9/18/2009



                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0022506
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                  Page 3 of 4



               to every AKn resident. As an owner state, we can AFFORD to share resource
               wealth with AKns & to temporarily suspend the state fuel tax. Legislators are
               currently debating various versions of the plan, & should arrive at a final Energy
               Rebate Plan by the end of this week.

               But AKns want to know how we can become energy independent. Our energy
               problem is a local one, & in need of a local solution. To begin with, we must
               recognize that AK is complex, every community & region unique. With no cookie
               cutter solutions, we must harness all our creative energy to meet the needs of
               our diverse state. Fortunately, we have almost endless possibilities, needing
               only to be developed. We have the gas pipeline as the most obvious answer, &
               in the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta they'd like to see a bullet line using gas from the
               North Slope to create a rural propane delivery system. Another obvious answer
               is lifting the ban on ANWR & providing legal and permitting assistance when it
              comes to off-shore drilling so that we can utilize the vast resources there through
              proven, sound science & environmentally cautious methods. Until then, in the
              Southeast, they're looking at capturing biomass energy, & we're well on our way
              with hydro-electric energy, now working with geothermal & wind; & we have a S-
              yr plan to invest $250 million in renewable energy projects around the state.


              We'll need to make sure our schools and job training programs are part of the
              equation, too. A trained and capable workforce could be one of the long term
              benefits of our response to this energy opportunity we have before us today. As
              we move forward to develop our wind, hydro, tidal & geothermal energies - our
              resourcefulness could well help America regain its status as the "innovation
              nation." The opportunities are out there. And they're more likely to become a
              reality, thanks to our lawmakers, who in their wisdom have passed landmark
              legislation that will allow TransCanada Alaska to proceed with a natural gas
              pipeline. There's no doubt that we'll become a stronger state as we respond to
              the energy challenge. And our nation will benefit, too.


              Thank you© !



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0022507
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                Page 4 of 4




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0022508
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                    Page 1 of l


              Unknown

               From:    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent:    Monday, August 04, 2008 7:41 PM
               To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Cc:      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Hansen ; Britta L (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Scheduling
              No metlakatna then.

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <j ce.mason@alaska.gov>
              Date: Mon, 04 Aug 2008 19 :35:33 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              CC: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.p^rry@alaska.gov>; Hanson, Britta L (GOV)
              <britta.hanson@alaska.gov>
              Subject: Scheduling

     I        Governor -

              In looking over the scheduling requests that you had listed -

              Thursday, August 7 - Metlakatla Even - (Held once a Year). You would have to fly from ANC/KTN
              via JNU or SEA and then Ferry from KT to Metlakatla . This would take all day on Thursday and then we
              would not be able to get you all the way ack to ANC until late that evening or Friday morning.

              Thursday, August 7 - 3:00 p.m. Nome meeting was changed from Unalakleet). Bering Strait
              Leadership Team Meeting which will be, ttended by:
              Bering Straits Native Corporation; Nortor Sound Health Corporation; UAF Northwest Campus; Bering
              Straits Regional Housing Authority; Kawrak, Inc; Norton sound Economic Development Corporation.
              Bering Strait School District. They woul Like a State Issues Update from the Governor . Privile ed
              PreAlecied or Personal Material             d               We have received a request directly from
              Tim Towarak, President/CEO of the Bering Straits Native Corporation for your attendance and to thank
              you for your support in their region.

              Flights: ANC/NOME: Depart AK Airlin #152 -11: 05 a.m. - Arrive 12:41 p.m.
              NOME/ANC: Depart AK Airlines #153 - :39 p.m. -Arrive 11:05 p.m.

              (Only other flights ANC/NOME : Depart 6 05 a.m. -Arrive 9: 09 a.m. and NOME/ANC: Depart 1:26 p.m. -
              Arrive 4:23 p.m.)

              Friday, August 8 - 3:00 p. m. - Nenana ridge Dedication/Ceremonial Bill Signing. The DPS Caravan is
              available for you and staff. The Caravan could pick you up at the Wasilla Airstrip and deliver you to the
              Nenana Airstrip. The flight time is approximately 1 hour on the Caravan.

              Friday, August 8 - 7:00 p. m. - Chugiak Field Dedication -

              I know you had mentioned that you woul d like to do Fairbanks possibly on Thursday , August 7 and then
              on Friday, August 8 with return back to ANC for Saturday, August 9 Alaska Renewable Energy Fair
              Speech at 5:00 p.m. You would then ret urn back to Fairbanks on Monday , August 11 and 12 . Thanks,
              Janice




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0022509
