Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Monday, August 04, 2008 2:37 PM
          To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
          Subject:                 Re: Hal


          What was his intended message?

          ------Original Message------

          From: Marty Rutherford

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          To: Tom Irwin

          To: Pat Galvin

          Sent: Aug 4, 2008 2:27 PM

          Subject: Re: Hal



          Governor, We have TC working on it already. An explanation will be issued today! Plus,
          Tony, Patty, Tom, Pat, Joe and I talked to as many Legislators as possible explaining
          Hal's intended message

           Marty



            ---- Original Message -----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)

           Sent: Mon Aug 04 14:22:41 2008

           Subject: Hal



           His comment needs clarification ASAP.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0022536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


     I




           Unknown

          From:                       gov.sarah@yahoo_com
          Sent:                       Monday, August 04, 2008 2:25 PM
          To:                         Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
          Cc:                         Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV)
          Subject:                    Re: Kvisle quote

          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

          ------Original Message------

          From: Joe Balash

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Cc: M Nizich

          Cc: Sharon Leighow

          Cc: Kelly Goode

          Sent: Aug 4, 2008 2:26 PM

          Subject: RE: Kvisle quote



          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

          Sent: Monday, August 04,.2008 1:46 PM

          To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

          Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV);         Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Kvisle quote




         Joe-      Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
         Privile
         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

                                                                    1




                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0022537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



          Date: Mon, 4 Aug 2008 21:44:45

          To: Joe Balash<joe.balash@alaska.gov>

          Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Kelly
          Goode<kelly.goode@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Re: Kvisle quote




          Unflippinbelieveable. Please have him clarify asap.
    I
          ------Original Message ------

          From: Joe Balash

         To: Governor Sarah Palin

         Cc: M Nizich

         Cc: Sharon Leighow

         Cc: Kelly Goode

         Sent: Aug 4, 2008 1:11 PM

         Subject: Kvisle quote



         There was a quote from Hal Kvisle in the Daily Globe and Mail today saying the project
         would go forward when Exxon is happy.



          It was a poor quote and even worse timing. Legislators are upset and some of our
         opponents (notably Bob Roses) are trying to stir up trouble.



          TC is getting a letter of clarification from Kvisle right now. What we have told
         legislators is that this isn't really new: everybody is going to have to be happy,
         including Exxon.



         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0022538
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                   Sharon Lane [sharondeedee@hotmail.comj
                                   Monday, August 04, 20081:54 PM
                                   Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
                                   Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Bob Hale; lindaegan@acsalaska.net;
                                   sandro@alaskaproteinrecovery.com
          Subject:                 Honoring Past House Managers




          Dear Erika,



          On Saturday, August 2nd, I gladly attended the reception at the Governor's

          House for the Alaska's Former First Ladies which was hosted by the First

          Gentleman, Mr. Palin. Having served as the House Manager and Personal

          Assistant to then First Lady, Michael Cowper, from November 1987-January

          1990 I looked forward to witnessing this historical event at the Executive

          Mansion as I have always remained fond of my years of service there as well

    1     and the historical value of the Governor's House.
    I




          Needless to say, I was very disappointed midway through the program when all

          former House Managers were recognized and honored with the exception of me.



          The details of such an event are your responsibility. The House protocol

          for these types of events, when followed, would show respect to all in

          attendance who held the House Manager's position, regardless of tenure.

          There is no excuse for this blatant omission. I live, as I have for over

          25 years, in Juneau. You knew well in advance I was planning to attend

          this event.



          I understand that KTOO has filmed this event . I truly hope that that you

         will be able to correct this omission by editing the KTOO version of the

         event which will be aired throughout the state.



         Please send the photos I left for you to scan to my home address , 4800 Thane

         Road Juneau, AK 99801.


                                                                I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022539
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Regards,



           Sharon Lane



          Get Windows Live and get whatever you need, wherever you are. Start here.

          http ://www.windowslive.com/default.html?ocid=TXT TAGLM WL Home 082008




                                                       2
