Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.corn
           Sent:                    Tuesday, August 05, 2008 8:52 AM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Minn


           What about airlines?

           ------Original Message------

           From: Janice Mason

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Cc: Kris Perry

           Sent: Aug 5, 2008 8:52 AM

           Subject: RE: Minn




           Governor - We are putting together the binder and mocking the calendars

           now with the invites you have received. The pro-life speech is on your

           calendar on Tuesday, Sept. 2. The speech length is 15 minutes. They

           will be honoring you as the 2008 recipient of THE Life of the Party

           Award at this time also. Hotel rooms have been booked since April - we

           have four rooms reserved and need to confirm what staff will be

           attending with you.      Janice



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 05, 2008 8:39 AM

           To: Mason , Janice L (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

           Subject: Minn.



           Pls find out dates and agenda for Minneapolis so I can find a place to
     t
           stay in that already-booked-up city, and so tkts arent outrageously

           expensive. Also, thru Deb joslin pls get date of my pro-life speech and

           more details on that (length?) Thanks

           Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One

                                                                1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                       2
