Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

              From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:     Wednesday, August 06, 2008 4:16 PM
              To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: FW Informal Meeting with Gov. Palin Next Week




              From: Stephen Branchflower [mailto:sebranchflower@gmail.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 3:11 PM
              To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Pali n, Sarah H (GOV); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW); Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Subject: Informal Meeting with Gov. Palin Next Week

              Mike: See PDF


              SEB




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0022604
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page I of 3


              Unknown

              From:      Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/GN=RECIPIENTSICN=TEIRWIN]
              Sent      Wednesday, August O6, 200811:58 AM
              To:       john@acfm.c om'
              Cc:       Thompson ; Nan G (DNR); Banks; Kevin R (DNR); Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Re: Pt. Thomson-Exxon-Gas Pipeline Strategy
              John, thanks for caring about Alaska and being so open. I respect and appreciate both. Thank you! Tom


              From: haxby@ga.net
              To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
              Cc: Thompson, Nan G (DNR); Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Palin, Sarah H (GOV); John Haxby
              Sent: Wed Aug 0611 :40:26 2008
              Subject: Re: Pt Thomson-Exxon--Gas Pipeline Strategy

              Dear W. Irwin

              You are welcome to check on my background. Our family has owned and operated Waukesha
              Alaska Corporation in Alaska since 1972. We were an oilfield service company, and we sold a
              portion of that company in 2005. We continue to have extensive real estate holdings in
              Anchorage.

              I testified in front of the legislature on SB 168, which was later signed into law under AS
              45.45.700.

              John Harris would know me, as would Kevin Meyer, as would George Wuerch, as would Harold
              Heinze, as would Annette Kreitzer, as would Loren Leman, as would Harry Crawford. Annette
              worked for Loren when SB168 was introduced, and she helped get it through legislative legal.
              Let me know if you need further references.

              I know how Exxon operates, and if I were still involved in the oil industry, what I have suggested
              would be enough to have me summarily dismissed from further consideration for any additional
              business with them and the other majors. However, as a businessman who is now not in the
              industry, I can more freely speak my mind. I am interested in seeing a natural gas line
              constructed during our lifetime, without the major oil companies holding Alaska hostage until
              Alaska must say "uncle" because oil revenues are not enough to support state government, or
              putting us in litigation mode and holding it up.

              Please contact me if you need further information.

              Very truly yours
              John E. Haxby
              907-229-9191



              At 09:52 AM 8/6/2008, you wrote:

                    I would suggest that Kevin send a short email to Mr . Haxby (cc to all) letting him know we received
                    his email and thank him for his personal input.

                     Nan, you checked on his background. Is this ok with you? Tom


                     From: haxby@ga.net
                    To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Thompson, Nan G (DNR); Banks, Kevin R (DNR); Patin, Sarah H
                    (GOV)
                    Cc: John Haxby
                    Sent Wed Aug 06 09:25:44 2008
                    Subject: Pt Thomson-Exxon--Gas Pipeline Strategy
                    Dear Ladies and Gentlemen




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0022605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 3



                    I have read that the Pt. Thomson leases have been cancelled. I have also read that in all likelihood that Exxon
                    will and/or has asked that the state sit down and mediate the issue, or that Exxon will appeal the termination
                                                                      "
                    through the courts. Do we really want another 18 year legal battle with Exxon?

                    PLEASE, take this time to carefully consider the next step. The next step is CRUCIAL to avoiding litigation,
                    AND getting a gas pipeline under way. If you plot your next steps carefully, then I believe you will be able to get
                    Exxon, BP, and ConocoPhilips on board with Transcanada, to get a gas pipeline financed and built

                    As I said in my email below, I believe that through mediation , you could get Exxon and it's partners in the Pt.
                    Thomson leases, to post a cash bond of 100-150% of the expected development plan of $1.2 billion. Exxon
                    would then agree to forfeit the cash bond AND the leases without litigation IF they did not do what they have
                    committed to. You would need to be careful (because of skyrocketing costs) that the forfeit provisions included
                    BOTH failure of financial investment AND facility investment.

                    SECOND, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, THROUGH MEDIATION, GET A COMMITMENT FROM THEM,
                    THAT THEY WILL COMMIT THE PT. THOMPSON GAS TO THE TRANSCANADA PIPELINE PROJECT.

                    As the Transcanada president said, nothing happens without Exxon. YOU HAVE A UNIQUE MOMENT IN
                    HISTORY TO SEAL THE POINT THOMSON DEVELOPMENT and STARTING THE PIPELINE DEAL
                    THROUGH MEDIATION, AND GET WHAT THE STATE NEEDS. A COMMITMENT TO
                    DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTMENT IN PT THOMSON, COMMITMENT OF THE PT THOMSON GAS
                    TO THE GAS PIPELINE, AND WITH THAT, CONSTRUCTION OF A GAS PIPELINE.

                    I urge you not to act hastily, but to act carefully and deliberately so that we get what Alaska truly needs. You are
                    in a unique position of strength to get what Alaska needs from Exxon, et al, because they want Pt. Thomson and
                    it is critical to a gas pipeline, no matter who owns the leases . Once Pt. Thomson is committed to the pipeline, the
                    other fields will most certainly get committed as well , and Transcanada and the majors will cut their deal to
                    cooperate. Furthermore, it will end the uncertainty of long litigation for which Exxon is noted, which could
                    hamstring the state with both the gas pipeline AND Pt. Thomson.

                    I would be most willing to assist in this, and I know other knowledgeable people who would as well. If you don't
                    want or need the assistance, I request that you consider using this strategy bargaining from the position of
                    strength that we are in.

                    You are in a unique position of strength with Exxon and all of the other players in Pt. Thomson, I urge you to use
                    this power wisely and not to miss or walk past this unique moment in history.

                    Very truly yours
                    John E. Haxby

                    907-229-9191


                           Date: Thu, 24 Apr 200811:58:03 -0800
                           To:
                           tom.irwin@alaska.gov,nan.thompson@ alaska.gov,kevin.banks@alaska.gov,sarah.palin@alaska.gov
                           From: John Haxby <john@acfm.com>
                           Subject: Pt. Thomson-Strategy-Reconsideration Request
                           Bcc: e.thompson@alaskausainsurance.com

                          Dear Governor Palin, Commissioner Irwin, Ms. Thompson, and Mr. Banks,

                          I have read the decision of Commissioner Irwin on the Pt. Thomson field. I do not necessarily
                          disagree with the decision, nor the logic behind the decision. Exxon's activity on this field and past
                          promises have yielded no action. Believing this is the final "real plan", is by no means guaranteed.

                          Exxon will most certainly request reconsideration of the decision. They are noted for fighting
                          everything to the end, which will most likely lead to extended litigation, tying up the Pt. Thomson
                          field for years, possibly up to 10 years including up to the Supreme Court.




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI 0022606
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


                         I have an alternate suggestion for you to move this thing to conclusion, one way or the other. If they
                         wish to keep Pt. Thomson, as a good faith action to back up their statements and paper plans, have
                         them place $1 .2 to $1.8 billion ( 100-150% of projected development cost, and ONLY 12-18 DAYS
                         OF THEIR NET EARNINGS) into an interest bearing account as a bond for the development. If
                         they fail to develop the field and spend the money they have agreed to, then they forfeit the cash and
                         interest, AND they forfeit the leases, improvements, ALL seismic and exploration data, back to the
                         state without litigation . If they pass on this, then they are not serious as you suspect . If they take the
                         deal, and they develop , we get what they promised and they're not out anything . If they take the
                         deal, fail to deliver as promised, we get the money and rebid the deal to others . This is a win-win if
                         they truly plan to develop, and will smoke them out if they have no intent.

                         I want to note, that Conoco Phillips Alpine field first phase cost was aenroximately $700 million
                         and their production rates were about 100.000 barrels/day Exxon's suggestion that they'll spend $12
                         billion for 10.000 barrels/day of production is suspect in lit of Alpine's production rates . and
                         would yield a payback of annroximately33 years It sounds to me . like they want to keep production
                         rates low for a reason, and I am not sure why, other than perhaps to hold the state hostage with low
                         pipeline throughput as added pressure for the state to "cut a fiscal deal" on as production taxes .
                         You'll need to address additional field development. and I urge caution to you

                         I wish you the best of luck in this situation, and hope that you will make the right decisions.

                         I have no interest in this one way or another, other than to see the state benefit from additional jobs
                         in the private sector, and revenue to the state. I have been involved with the oil industry from the
                         early 1970's through mid 2005, and I understand how these folks play hardball.

                         I may be reached at the telephone number below, I am keenly interested in helping.

                         Sincerely
                         John E. Haxby

                         John E. Haxby
                         PO Box 111098
                         Anchorage, AK. 99511

                         907-348-6600 Fax
                         907-229-9191 Phone
                         email: john@acfm.com



                  John E. Haxby
                  PO Box 111098
                  Anchorage, AK. 99511

                  907-348-6600 Fax
                  907-229-9191 Phone
                  email: john(a,acfin.com




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0022607
