Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 06, 2008 8:15 PM
           To:                      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 Kyle. Re: TAs


           Show him murkowski's "top advisor-my wife" memo also please.

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original- Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



           Date: Thu, 7 Aug 2008 03:55:07

           To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>

           Subject: Re: TAs




           Make sure he knows we don't accept the kids meals/per diems...

           And that the state doesn't rent me an apartment nor hotels in Anchorage or the Valley on a
           regular basis.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Sharon Leighow

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Sent: Aug 6, .2008 7:51 PM

          Subject: RE: TAs



          Will do - and I have the TA's for the Knowles kids- they frequently

          hopped on the King Air with no explanation given. I also have the saving

          from reductions in security, chef etc.           I have a hard copy of the

          savings - I will be sure you see it.



          Sharon Leighow

          Deputy Press Secretary

          Deputy Communications Director



                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0022640
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           465-4031 Juneau

           269-7450 Anchorage

           240-7943 cell




           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov. sarah@yahoo.com]

           Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 7:44 PM

           To: Mason , Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

           (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: TAs




           Sharon- note that Linda Perez is explaining in her cover letters to Kyle

           that "no official purpose was required to be documented..." for the

           other Gov's family's travels. (I've never known that before reading

           these letters, despite having asked for two years how it was that

           Knowles and Murkowski family members traveled in official capacity).

              Also note to Kyle that our family has refused all kids' per diem

           checks that Linda at first insisted they were to be given.

              Note to Kyle that the TAs are sketchy, not all completely filled out

           reflecting all activities and events in some cases because there' s never

          been a consistent policy for us to have followed on what the TAs needed

          to say. They're certainly not as "bulked up" as they could be ( meaning

          we traveled for many reasons that arent necessarily written down in the

          1"x3" space on the TA form).

              Amazing, the scrutiny we are under...

          Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2
