Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3


               Unknown

               From:         Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) jgovemor@alaska.govj
               Sent:         Thursday, August 07, 2008 10:52 AM
               To:           Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject:      FW: NCOIL NEWS FLASH - STATE LEGISLATORS REJECT CONGRESSIONAL CALLS FOR
                             Oil
               Importance: High




              From: Jordan Estey [mailtoJEstey@nolan-associates.cornj
              Sent: Thursday, August 07, 2008 5:46 AM
              Subject: NCOIL NEWS FLASH - STATE LEGISLATORS REJECT CONGRESSIONAL CALLS FOR OIl
              Importance: High



               u
               x




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              CONTACT:
              Susan Nolan
              NCOIL National Office
              518-687-0178

              Mike Humphreys
              NCOIL Washington, DC Office
              202-220-3014


                           STATE LEGISLATORS REJECT CONGRESSIONAL CALLS FOR Oil


              Washington, DC. August 7, 2008 - In an August 1 letter to U.S. Senate Committee on Banking,
              Housing, and Urban Affairs Chairman Senator Chris Dodd (D-CT), National Conference of Insurance
              Legislators (NCOIL) leaders spoke out against Congressional efforts to fast-track legislation to create a
              federal Office of Insurance Information (OH)-recommending that their federal colleagues slow down the
              legislative process for further debate and discussion. The letter followed in the wake of aJuly 29 hearing
              during which Sen. Dodd signaled that the Senate could consider a legislative package that may include
              parts of H.R. 5840, the Insurance Information Act of 2008, before adjourning in September.

             NCOIL President Rep. Brian Kennedy (RI) said, "We do not understand the impetus behind moving
             legislation in such an expeditious manner that would substantially affect the governance of insurance
             regulation. There is no crisis in the insurance industry that would justify such swift Congressional
             action-as evidenced by the industry's record profits. The insurance marketplace, unlike federally
             regulated banking institutions and markets, is well-regulated at the State level to protect consumers while



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0022655
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 3


               providing a competitive environment for companies and investors."

               Along with Rep. Kennedy, NCOIL Officers-PresidentElect Sen. James Seward (NY), Vice President Rep.
               Robert Damron (KY), Secretary Rep. Geoge Keiser (ND), and Treasurer Sen. Carroll Leavell (NM)-wrote to
               "request due process" in the consideration of H.R. 5840. The letter-which was distributed to every U.S.
               Senator-urged members not to pursue an even faster track on such a controversial piece of legislation than the
               path pursued in the House and stated:

                     H.R. 5840 is a new proposal in the Senate -though introduced and advanced in the United States
                     House of Representatives in 2008 -and has not been vetted in the Senate or debated by any
                     previous Congress . The measure was reported out of the House Subcommittee on Capital Markets,
                     Insurance, and Government Sponsored Enterprises after a markup in which less than 15 of the
                     almost-50 member Subcommittee voted . Even more troubling, the House Committee on Financial
                     Services has yet to debate H.R. 5840.

               NCOIL leaders also requested that Sen. Dodd "not bundle H.R. 5840 with other insurance-related bills, including
               a bill to address the surplus lines market."NCOIL believes that Congress should consider separately the merits of
               each piece of legislation , instead of grouping several bills into one insurance package.

               The NCOIL Officers continued, "We believe that the OR would establish a framework that a future Congress
               could build upon to create and empower a federal insurance regulator, contrary to the original legislative intent
               We also respectfully note that co-sponsors of OFC legislation H.R. 3200, the National Insurance Act, have
               publicly stated that H .R. 5840 would be a step toward that end."

               Reiterating NCOIL concerns previously articulated by Rep. Kennedy at a House Capital Markets Subcommittee
               hearing, the letter argues that H.R. 5840 would:
                    preempt your state 's laws and consumer protections if the OH determined that they were "inconsistent"
                      with new federal international "agreements"
                    lay the foundation for an inappropriate federal scheme, such as an Office of National Insurance (ONI) or an
                      optional federal charter (OFC)

               NCOIL-the letter states-"strongly supports the tenets of a state based system of insurance regulation, which
               Congress has acknowledged for so many years . On the ground in the states, legislators and regulators work side-
               by-side to improve insurance regulation and to ensure that companies and consumers benefit from the competitive
               marketplace we have fostered."

              NCOIL has contacted all state Governors, Attorneys General, and insurance supervisors regarding H.R. 5840.
              Legislators have also reached out to the Financial Services Committee and various other Congressional offices to
              discuss their concerns related to the creation of a new federal insurance office.

              NCOIL is an organization of state legislators whose main area of public policy interest is insurance legislation and
              regulation. Most legislators active in NCOIL either chair or are members of the committees responsible for
              insurance legislation in their respective state houses across the country. More information is available at
              www.ncoil.org.

              For further details, please contact the NCOIL Washington, DC Office at 202-220-3014, or by email at
              mhumphhreysna.ncoil.org.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0022656
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                Page 3 of 3




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022657
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                           Page 1 of 4


               Unknown

               From :        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:         Thursday, August 07, 2008 8:50 AM
               To:           Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject:.FW: Weekly News Bulletin: Aug. 6-12, 2008



              From: Waste Business Journal [mailto :info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 11:32 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Weekly News Bulletin : Aug. 6-12, 2008

                                                        If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may are it online.




                              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Aug. 6- 12, 2008


               HEADLINES...
               1.    Waste Management Under Pressure to Raise Its Bid for Republic
               2.    Waste Connections Buys $100 -Million-Company Harold LeMay
               3.    Republic Services Agrees to Clean up Landfill , Take Charge
               4.    US Cleantech Investments Rise 41% to Record $962 Million in 2Q
               5.    Clean Harbors Reports Record Second -Quarter 2008 Financial Results
               6.    Senate Passes Legislation to Clean Up Rail Solid Waste Sites
               7.    Advanced Disposal Acquires Attaway Waste Services
               8.    WCA Waste Corp has Good 2Q Despite Small Drop in Volume
               9. American Ecology Sets New Record with Second Quarter Profits
               10. Big Second Quarter for Industrial Services of America
               11. EnergySolutions to Announce Second Quarter on August 11


                The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal . WBJ provides
                research and analysis of the waste industry . To learn more , please visit:
                www.wastebusinessjoumal.com.
                Signup and Unsubscribe instructions are at the bottom of this email.
                Please feel free to forward this bulleUn to Your colleagues .




               1.   WASTE MANAGEMENT UNDER PRESSURE TO RAISE ITS BID FOR
                    REPUBLIC
                    Last week, Bill Gates' investment arm BGI, which manages the assets of Cascade
                    Investment, owner of 15.6% of Republic Services, sent a letter to Waste
                    Management saying it should abandon efforts to acquire Republic as "i11-timed and
                    poorly conceived." BGI which also owns 2.3% of Waste Management could well be
                    pushing the company to sweeten its bid. It is becoming increasingly apparent that
                    Waste Management will have to raise its bid by at least $5 per share to be taken
                    seriously by the board or the company's larger shareholders i.e. BGI. A higher bid
                    will be needed to surmount moves last week by Republic's board that adopted a
                    "poison pill" defense that penalizes anyone acquiring more than 10% of the
                    common stock without board approval. Of concern to Waste Management would be
                    to lose its investment grade credit rating were it to offer all cash for Republic,
                    which means the company would likely borrow. Here too it would likely raise debt
                    rather than equity to avoid earnings dilution... Read More s


              2.    WASTE CONNECTIONS BUYS $ 100-MILLION -COMPANY HAROLD
                    LEMAY




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                      PRA_GSPO1_0022658
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                                  Page 2 of 4


                    Waste Connections is buying Harold LeMay Enterprises, reputed to be the largest
                    privately-owned solid waste services company in the Pacific Northwest with total
                    annual revenue of approximately $100 million. Waste Connections had been
                    bolstering its borrowing capacity in recent weeks with the objective of making
                    acquisitions. 'This represents the single largest acquisition for Waste Connections
                    and solidifies our leading position in Washington. We are extremely excited about
                    the prospects for our combined operations,' said Ronald 3. Mittelstaedt, Chairman
                    and CEO. The company is also acquiring the remaining interests in Pierce County
                    Recycling, Composting and Disposal, LLC from affiliates of LeMay... Read More v


               3.   REPUBLIC SERVICES AGREES TO CLEAN UP LANDFILL, TAKE CHARGE
                    Republic Services recently settled a 10-year dispute with the US EPA and Clark
                    County, NV by agreeing to remediate an unlined landfill near Las Vegas for which it
                    will take an estimated $35 million pretax charge against second-quarter Income.
                    Last month, the EPA ordered Republic to upgrade its now dosed 440 acre Sunrise
                    Landfill which is thought to be contaminating Lake Mead, a drinking water source
                    for Phoenix, southern Nevada and southern California . The EPA estimates that it
                    will cost about $7 million to fix the landfill which Is home to 18 million tons of
                    buried waste ... Read More s


               4.   US CLEANTECH INVESTMENTS RISE 41% TO RECORD $962 MILLION
                    IN 2Q
                    Rising energy costs are driving capital investments in U.S. dean technology
                    companies to record levels - $961.7 million in the second quarter of 2008 - up 41
                    percent from the first quarter and 83 percent from the same quarter last year
                    according to an Ernst & Young report based on data from Dow Jones
                    VentureSource. "We expect to see robust activity' in the future, said Jeff Grabow,
                    head of Ernst & Young's clean-tech unit for the Pacific Northwest. "Its not just
                    energy - there are a host of markets, from fuels to electricity to storage to
                    efficiency to water treatment." Clean technology includes products and services
                    that use natural resources or reduce the negative environmental Impact of their
                    use. Rising energy costs and corporate commitments to climate change are fueling
                    these investments, 52% (or $494.9 million) of which went into clean or renewable
                    energy generation technologies, while energy efficiency made up 20% of total
                    investment dollars followedby alternative fuels (mostly biofuels transactions),
                    comprised 13% of the overall US cleantech market attracting $129 million... Read
                    More s


                                    ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL

               Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste
               Sites 2008
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste
               Sites is the only directory of its kind and is the most
               up-to-date and comprehensive facility database of
               nearly 8, 000 waste processing and disposal facilities
               across the US.
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste
               Sites is a powerful research and analysis tool that
               provides you with up-to-date, detailed operating
               profiles of all landfills , waste-to-energy plants, materials
               recovery facilities, construction & demolition landfills,
               transfer stations, composting operations and more
               throughout the entire US. [Learn More ...]



              5.    CLEAN HARBORS REPORTS RECORD SECOND-QUARTER 2008
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS
                    Clean Harbors Inc. said rising demand at its hazardous waste incinerators helped
                    second quarter profits to rise 44% to $16 million , or $0.70 per share, from $11.1
                    million, or $0.54 per share , last year. Revenue rose 11% to $265 .3 million from
                    $238.7 million last year. The company said use of its domestic centers was strong,
                    offsetting weakness in its landfill disposal plants due to project timing. For the
                    year, the company expects revenue at the high end of its previously announced
                    range of 8 percent to 10 percent . The range implies revenue of $ 1.02 billion to
                    $1.04 billion ... Read More ,




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1_0022659
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                              Page 3 of 4


               6.   SENATE PASSES LEGISLATION TO CLEAN UP RAIL SOLID WASTE
                    SITES
                    The Senate recently passed legislation authored by U.S. Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg
                    (D-NJ) to allow states to regulate solid waste processing facilities along rail lines.
                    The rail waste legislation is based on the Clean Railroads Act of 2007 and seeks to
                    close a loophole whereby companies processing solid waste along rail lines could
                    claim exemption from state and local regulation . The new legislation excludes solid
                    waste disposal from the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board which was
                    never intended to oversee such activity ... Read More a


               7.   ADVANCED DISPOSAL ACQUIRES ATTAWAY WASTE SERVICES
                    Jacksonville, FL-based Advanced Disposal Services has acquired Milledgeville, GA-
                    based Attaway Waste Services, a move that adds customers and bridges the gap
                    between adjacent markets in Augusta and Macon, GA. Attaway has collection and
                    transfer operations in six Georgia counties. By consolidating operations between
                    the 1-20 and 1-16 corridors, Advanced Disposal is better prepared to meet the solid
                    waste collection and disposal needs of the state for many years to come, says
                    Wally Hall, president and chief operating officer of Advanced Disposal... Read More


               Market Radius Reports
               Focus on Your Market...
               Market radius reports capture all waste
               operations within a given market. They
               provide analysis of the major players by
               market share, and show historical trends of
               pricing, volume and capacity specific to that
               area. [Learn More ...]




               8.   WCA WASTE CORP HAS GOOD 2Q DESPITE SMALL DROP IN VOLUME
                    WCA Waste Corp. said second quarter revenues climbed by 14.2% to a record
                    $52.7 million from $46.2 million reported for the same period last year. Growth
                    through acquisitions and disciplined pricing outpaced a 2% decline in volume for
                    the quarter. According to Tom Fatjo, Chairman and CEO, This volume has tracked
                    the economic conditions of our markets with Texas having strong positive volume
                    growth while Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, and Tennessee have had volume
                    slowdown." Operating income increased 5.8% despite higher fuel costs to $6.6
                    million. Net income which was hampered by higher taxes and a loss on interest
                    rate swaps, rose modestly to $1.9 million, or $0.11 per share... Read More


               9.   AMERICAN ECOLOGY SETS NEW RECORD WITH SECOND QUARTER
                    PROFITS
                    Waste processor American Ecology Corp. reported record second quarter results
                    that were driven by strong growth in disposal service revenues. Revenues for the
                    quarter rose 8% to $44.5 million from $41.3 million last year. Net income reached
                    $6.1 million, or $0.33 per share, up from $5.1 million, or $0.28 per share, in the
                    second quarter last year. "Very strong cleanup business performance and
                    diversified growth over multiple service lines combined to produce record first-half
                    performance," said Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen Romano. Waste-
                    disposal sites in Idaho, Nevada and Texas disposed of 325,000 tons of waste in the
                    second quarter, up 18 percent... Read More a


               10. BIG SECOND QUARTER FOR INDUSTRIAL SERVICES OF AMERICA
                   Louisville, KY-based waste handling and logistics company Industrial Services of
                   America Inc. reported second quarter profits that doubled those of last year on
                   higher revenue from product sales and increased shipment of ferrous and non-
                   ferrous metals. The company reported net income of $1.66 million, or $0.46 per
                   share, for the quarter, 102% higher than $0 .82 million, or $0.22 per share,
                   reported for the corresponding quarter last year. The company attributed 67% rise
                   in shipment of non-ferrous materials and 32% rise in shipment of ferrous materials
                   as primary reasons for the doubling of profit in the latest quarter. Total revenues
                   increased by 77% to $34.51 million from $19.52 million reported in the
                   corresponding period last year. Revenues from product sales increased by 92




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0022660
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                             Page 4 of 4


                   percent while management services revenue increased 10 percent to $4
                   million...Read More r


               11. ENERGYSOLUTIONS TO ANNOUNCE SECOND QUARTER ON AUGUST 11
                   EnergySolutions, Inc. said that it will announce second quarter financial results on
                   August 11 prior to the opening of the market. The company will also host a
                   conference call that day at 12 p.m. (Eastern) to discuss those results... Read More s


               Waste Market Overview &                  She of 00 was* Mi                             l
               Outlook
               The Waste Market Overview
               examines the industry top to
               bottom covering waste generation,
               collection, processing, recovery and
               disposal by revenue and volume.
               The report details the relationship of
               past and future pricing to capacity
               and demand for disposal, and shows
               the increasing role of the private
               sector. Waste equipment and the
               emerging importance of e-waste,
               C&D recovery , food wastes, tires
               and medical wastes are examined.
                Market Revenues by Segment
                Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
                Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
                Geographic Distribution of the Market
                Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
                Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
                Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
                Waste Management Equipment
               [Learn More...]




                ABOUT US
                Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a variety of
                reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based on their particular
                needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we can help you.
                CONTACT US
                PO Box 40034
                San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                Tel 619.793.5190
                Fax 619.793.4713
                Email info*wastebusinessjournal.com.
                FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                Forward email
                UNSUBSCRIBE
                This email was sent to office_of the-governor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                Update Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with SafeUnsubscribe" I
                Privacy Policy.
               QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
               Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
               DISCLAIMER
               Although WBJ has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear and are
               unintentional.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA GSPO1_0022661
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                                       Pagel of 2


               Unknown

               From:     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERG]
               Sent:     Thursday, August 07, 2008 6:18 AM
               To:       'gov. palin쯻ahoo.com'
               Subject: Re: Request for Information and Documents
               Dear governor palin. Privileged or Personal Material Reda 'alis


               From : gov.palin@yahoo.com
               To: Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW)
               Sent Thu Aug 07 06:09:15 2008
               Subject : Re: Request for Information and Documents

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



               From : "Colberg, Talis J (LAW)" <talis.colberg@alaska.gov>
               Date: Thu, 07 Aug 2008 06:07:49 -0800
               To: <gov.palin@yahoo.com>
               Subject: Re: Request for Information and Documents

              Dear governor palin. Privil .a _d or P -rsanni Material R da tad
              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
              Privileged or Personal Material R Talis


              From: gov .palin@yahoo.com
              To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Cc: Colberg, Talis) (LAW)
              Sent: Wed Aug 06 21:51:18 2008
              Subject: Re: Request for Information and Documents

              Geez. This is crazy.


              From : "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>
              Date: Wed, 06 Aug 2008 21:37:46 -0800
              To: <gov.palin@yahoo.com>
              CC: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)<talis.colberg@alaska.gov>
              Subject: RE: Request for Information and Documents

              Don't know why it won't open.

              It is a laundry list of things he wants. Emails, files, correspondence, names and addresses of any and all
              staff that would have any knowledge of watt's firing. Logs, summaries, phone messages and on and on.
              He wants all this by Aug 13t'. Again we have not laid out any game rules yet and he is setting timelines
              on us now. You got to be kidding me.....


              From: gov.palin@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.palin@yahoo.com]



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0022662
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


              Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 6:59 PM
              To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Request for Information and Documents

              I can't open. What's it say

              From: "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>
              Date: Wed, 06 Aug 2008 18:50:51 -0800
              To: <gov.palin@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)<kris.perry@a1aska.gov>
              Subject: FW: Request for Information and Documents
              fyi


              From: Stephen Branchflower [maiito:sebranchfiower@gmail.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 3:18 PM
              To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Cc: Palin, Sarah H (GOV); Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
              Subject: Request for Information and Documents

              Mike-See PDF
              SEB




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0022663
