Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 07, 2008 6:09 AM
           To:                      Colberg; Tails J (LAW)
           Subject:                 Re: Travel

           Thank you

           ------Original Message------

           From: Talis Colberg

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Sent: Aug 7, 2008 6:08 AM

           Subject: Re: Travel



           Dear governor palin.      Will do. Talis



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)

            Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

            Sent: Wed Aug 06 21:21:44 2008

            Subject: Travel




                                  =anal Material R da -t d


           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                I
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               . Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Thursday, August 07, 2008 9:48 AM
              To:      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Forward this e-mail to announce the CaringBridge.org website for updates on Joel Stefanski




              From: Mindy Stefanski [mailto:akgolfer@gci.net]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 06, 2008 7:23 PM
              To: Academy/Lucille McSorley; Adam-dkincaid@mtaonline.net; ann stefanski; Anne Brown; Birdie Green;
              Brenda Turner; Carolyn Frey; Coach Greg Ray; Curt Menard; David D. Cheney; David Merrill in Tok;
              Dawn Brettrager; Dawn Brettrager; Dawn Spain; Diane Munson; Francis Nelson; Georgia Tompkins;
              Georgia Tompkins; Helga Larson; Jack Randal; Jennifer Wedge; June Bryant
              Subject: Fw: Forward this e-mail to announce the CaringBridge.org website for updates on Joel
              Stefanski


              Hi Everyone! Some of you are already aware that Joel was in a terrible accident last
              Saturday, August 2nd, 2008 at the Alaska State Fairgrounds in Palmer, Alaska. Joel
              had volunteered to help replace the climbing poles that had been in the ground for
              about the last 20 years. New poles were in the ground and he was shortening the old
              original poles leaving 21 feet above the ground for another purpose. As the top of the
              first pole was cut and being guided off the base of the pole still in the ground, the
              base and fell with Joel roped to it. Some how with God's Grace Joel fell clear of both
              poles but took the full impact of the fall on his left side. Amazingly, "Superman" is still
              here. Joel's physical fitness was definitely in his favor. He has a very severe fractured
              left hip. The hip socket blasted apart and hip bone driven into his left pelvis. There are
              other internal injuries and is now stable. He was medivac'd to Harborview Regional
              Hospital in Seattle on Monday.

              Tentatively surgery on his hip is scheduled for tomorrow, Thursday, August 7, 2008.
              The surgery on his hip will be a major surgery. With no complications he may be in the
              hospital about 2 weeks.... and no weight bearing on his left side (best case) for a
              minimum of 6 weeks. We may need to get creative to get back to Alaska. They put
              chest tubes in to eliminate all of the fluid that had accumulated in the chest wall from
              the impact of the fall. After you've had chest tubes, you are not allowed to fly for 4
              weeks! Hey, we've never been on a cruise to Alaska!

              Emails can also be sent from the www.harborview.com website. There is a place on
              the right side of the page "Email a Patient" that you can click on. Right now Joel's
              Room # is 937. I anticipate that changing once he is stable after surgery.

             See below. My apologies that the site will be a bit unorganized.....hmm wonder why? I
             will try to update more clearly with better details as this long journey continues.

             Thank you all so much for your thoughts and prayers. This is going to be a long
             recovery. Especially long for someone who has never been one to sit still for long, if at
             all. Once we get back to Alaska I'm sure Joel will need a few distractions besides me.


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0022681
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2


              So keep that in mind for things to do in your spare time...

              Mindy and Joel

              ps: feel free to forward this email to anyone I may not have on our email list.

                    Original Message------

              From: cbadmin _carinabridge.ory  c
              Date: 08/06/0811:39:50
              To: akaolferAcici.net
              Subject: Forward this e-mail to announce your new CaringBridge site


              Dear Friends and Family,

              I created a CaringBridge site to keep you up to date on 3oe1 Stefanski . CaringBridge is a
              nonprofit organization that helps friends and families stay connected.

              You can visit Joel's CaringBridge site at httl2://www.caringbridge.org/visit/ioelstefanski.

              If your e-mail program does not allow you to click on the above link, just copy and paste
              the address into your web browser's address (or URL) location.

              Please visit our CaringBridge site anytime. You can use the site to check in on Joel, read
              the journal entries and send us messages by signing our guestbook. When you register with
              CaringBridge and sign our guestbook, you will automatically receive e-mail notifications
              each time our journal is updated. Or, you can subscribe to receive these notifications even
              before you sign the guestbook. (Of course, you can unsubscribe from these e-mail updates
              at any time.)

              Please print and save this e-mail for future reference.

             CaringBridge is a free, nonprofit web service that connects family and friends to share
             information, love and support during a health care crisis, treatment and recovery.

             http://www.carinabridge.org




              u
              x




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0022682
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Untitled Document                                                                                Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
              Sent     Thursday, August 07, 2008 10:42 AM
              To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: Wit WICHE Stat Alert : Kids Count




             From: Stats [mai[to:stats@wiche.edu]
             Senn Thursday, August 07, 2008 7:26 AM
             To, Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
             Subject: WICHE Stat Alert : Kids Count




             Stat Al ert -A u g us t 7, 2008 :
             Kid s Count
   l         The Annie E. Casey Foundation has released its annual Kids Count report
             ( ft://www.aecforp-/-/media/PublicationFiles/AEC 178%202008KCDB.pdf ). The data
             included within cover a range of topics related to the well-being of children in our society, such
             as indicators related to health and wellness, educational attainment, and socioeconomic status.
             State-by-state profiles are also available.

             The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
             communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or
             unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name,
             title, and organization to Cheryl Graves at cgraves o.wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists
             are used only to support WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant
             issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a
             Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at httpi/wiche.edu/policy/Clearin ouse, which
             includes past Policy Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy
             briefs.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0022683
