Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Friday, August 08, 2008 8:46 AM
          To:                      Colberg; Tabs J (LAW)
          Subject:                 Re: PtHope


          Someone from dps should have that letter then. I need to see it so I can't claim ignorance
          on receiving it.

          ------Original Message------

          From: Talis Colberg

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Aug 8, 2008 8:39 AM

          Subject: RE: Pt.Hope



          Dear Governor Palin,

                My staff is preparing a briefing for me on this today.              Privileged or Pe
         Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                 DPS has apparently been putting out press releases on the matter.

                My civil division secretary says we do not have a copy of a Pt.

         Hope letter .    The criminal division reports they do not have it.

                 I will forward anything else I receive as well as a summary of the

         briefing when I get it. Talis




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

         Sent: Friday, August 08, 2008 7:49 AM

                                                                I




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0022724
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           To: Colberg , Talis J ( LAW); Leighow , Sharon W ( GOV); Nizich , Michael A

           (GOV); Lloyd , Denby S (DFG)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV ); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

           Subject: Pt.Hope



     I
           Press has reported numerous times that Pt Hope folks wrote me a letter a

           couple of weeks ago re: the wanton waste of caribou ._. I still have not

           seen that letter, pls track it down and let me know status of the issue.

           It was front page and I still haven't heard anythig about it internally

          yet. (Maybe DPS has the issue and letter in its shop?)

          Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                          2
