Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                    Friday, August 08, 2008 1:50 PM
         To:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA); Irwin; Tom E (DNR)
         Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
         Subject:                 Fw. Keynote


         Joe/steve: I'm the keynote at tomorrow night's renewable energy fair in Anchorage, but the
         speech Kate sent me is just a couple of minutes long and doesn't say much about
         renewables. Have you guys been asked to add to the speech?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com




         Date: Fri, 8 Aug 2008 21:47:50

         To: Kate Morgan<kate.morgan@alaska.gov>

         Cc: Kris Perry<kris.perry@alaska.gov>

         Subject: Keynote




         I'm reading the keynote for tomorrow' s renewable energy speech- it's only a couple of
         minutes long... are you sure I'm the keynote? I'd think this should be much longer. Did
         Joe or Steve add to this?

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                              1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022741
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown,
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, August 08, 2008 1:52 PM
          To:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Heafth_Care




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Friday, August 08, 2008 12:06 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Health Care



         Web mail from: Francis Tapiculin

          address: 605 East 14th St. 6-C New York NY 10009

           646-322-3749



         MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor,




          I have come to know today that you have a child with Down



         Syndrome. We have too! It's the greatest gift of God- a priceless one. My son, Joseph
         Francis is now 9years and he will be ten this coming 22nd of this month(August).




         He will be in Fifth Grade come September. He masters the alphabets with his fingers, and
         all great stuffs, that make us so happy and very proud of him.




         Of course, after the first three challenging tasks, being his advocate with the providers
                                                                I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022742
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          of intervention programs , the therapists , medical doctors, and hospital . Now, I can sleep
          quietly and let him live the best of his life with our faith in God!




          First we were advised to have the pregnancy terminated . But my wife as our family is God-
          loving, decided to let the child get out of this world and give him the best we could and
          let him enjoy , have fun with his life!




          To add color to his life , we live three blocks away from Beth Israel Hospital here in
          Manhattan . My wife gave birth inside the cab and the driver helped me deliver the baby
          right there



          in front of the Emergency Room, in the middle of the street and later on assistaed by the
          hospital staff. Later on, the driver



          introduced himself that he was a practicing pediatrician



          in Hungary! He was one of the godfathers during the baptism.




         Upon know that the child has down syndrome, we prayed so hard and talked to the Lord. For
         him to give me the message . The following day, I got a book from my mailbox, the book
         about



         JONAH ! With tears ,   I said to the Lord:" Yes, Lord , your will be done."




         Governor , all the best ! You can emial me or give me a call.




         Sincerely,


                                                          2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0022743
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Francis /Maria Tapiculin



          646 322 3749




          vtapiculin@ msn.com




                                                     3




                                                                                                  PRA GSPO1_0022744
