Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov. sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Friday, August 08, 200811:42 AM
          To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Haagenson ; Steven H (AIDEA); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom
                                   E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); Kim;
                                   Anna C (GOV)
          Cc:                      Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV); Perry; Krishna Y (GOV); Nizich;
                                   Michael A (GOV); Morgan; Katryn L (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: September


          Someone can figure that all out. I'm sure we'll find out all along the way (because it
          seems to be the nature of the beast called government) that we CAN'T do things that make
          sense to me and the other commoners... but hopefully this will succeed with all the wise
          people we have in state service. Simply and efficiently being able to kick off September
          as Conservation Month. Not too bureaucratic, not too complcated. Just sensible and
          effective.

          ------Original Message------

          From: Pat-Galvin

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          To: Steve Haagenson

          To: Joe Balash

          To: Tom Irwin

          To: Marty Rutherford

          To: Kelly Goode

          To: Randy Ruaro

          To: Anna Kim

          Cc: Sharon Leighow

          Cc: Rosanne Hughes
                                                                                                                                  i
          Cc: Kris Perry

          Cc: M Nizich

          Cc: Kate Morgan

          Sent: Aug 8, 2008 11:15 AM

          Subject: RE: September



          With regard to a conservation-measures card attached to resource rebate

          checks.    We cannot physically insert them with the "tax advices" that

          are sent to those who receive the payment by direct deposit (nearly 80%

          of recipients).     We could possibly insert such a card with the checks

          that will go out to those who get a check.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                                 PRA GSPOI_0022750
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          My question is whether there is a more comprehensive option? Can we

          could send something to all households, maybe tie it in with

          "Conservation Awareness September " events?



          I'll check with AEA on options.



          -Pat



          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Friday, August 08, 2008 9:32 AM

          To: Haagenson, Steven H (AIDEA); Balash, Joseph R (GOV); Irwin, Tom E

          (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Goode, Kelly

          C (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Kim, Anna C (GOV)

          Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y

          (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Morgan , Katryn L (GOV)

          Subject: September



          Needs to be "Conservation Month"     (call it " September Savings." or

          something you clever people come up with) where we kick off a big public

          effort to conserve ... using Juneau as that example of how it IS possible

          to save energy. Included in our efforts will be the

          conservation-measures card to be attached to energy rebate checks.

              Let me know how this will be rolled out with a rah-rah Alaskana

          community effort that shows public unity with this mission. Thanks

             (Kris- pls forwarded to Dan Fauske, he can help with this... then pls

          let me know who'll lead this charge)

          Sent from my BlackBerry(r) device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                           2
