Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Monday, August 11, 2008 9:27 AM
          To:                      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
          Subject:                 Re: Update / Meetings


          Thank you

          ------Original Message------

          From: Randy Ruaro

          To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Aug 11, 2008 7:47 AM

          Subject: RE: Update / Meetings



          Governor:



         The latest update is that the search team hiked and made it to the cabin at the lake and
         all the camping gear was gone, So they know Brian made it back to the cabin from Juneau to
         pick up the gear and took off again for Juneau. Still no emergency locater signal. USCG,
         DPS, and Juneau Rescue are still searching on routes back to Juneau. The fog has cleared
         off a. bit so it should be a much better day to search.



         I will keep everyone posted.



         Randy




         -----Original Message-----

         From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com)

         Sent: Sunday, August 10, 2008 9:02 PM

         To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)

         Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV);          Hughes ,   Rosanne D (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Update / Meetings




         Thanks Randy. Let me know what I can do, and I can get to Juneau if need be also.

         ------Original Message------

         From: Randy Ruaro

         To: Governor Sarah Palin
                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0022789
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Cc: M Nizich

          Cc: Rosanne Hughes

          Sent: Aug 10, 2008 9:01 PM

          Subject: Update / Meetings



          Governor.



          The search is continuing for Deputy Commissioner Brian Andrews and his son . No emergency
          locator signal went off. The fog is still hanging heavy in the search area .  Juneau
          Rescue squad is hiking into the lake to search. Hopefully they are at the cabin just
          waiting out the fog on the lake.



          Randy



          Mike-



          All flights were cancelled because of the volcano eruption and ash plume. I think your
          plane was the last one to make it in tonight. ill try to attend by phone tomorrow if you
          can get someone to send me a call in number.



          Thanks,



          Randy.



          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSPO1_0022790
