Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of I


             Unknown

              From:   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
              Sent:   Tuesday, August 12, 2008 10:10 AM
              To:     Mason; Janice L (GOV)
              Cc:     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Note of encouragement



             From: Maiken Erickson [mailto :maiken .erickson@gmail.corn]
             Sent: Friday, August 08, 2008 3:29 PM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Note of encouragement

             Dear Governor Pahn,

             I just wanted to drop you a not and say thanks for all you are doing for the people in Alaska. It
             seems that lately there have been some major attacks on your character and I just wanted you to
             know that I support you and am praying for you-

             I attend Skyline Foursquare Church and my friend, Frank Hobbs, has communicated to you
             regarding a Native Alaskan Conference we had at our Church. You sent him a really nice note
             back and it blessed me to see that we have a governor that takes the time to do little things like
             that. It is a nice knowing that there is someone leading our state that recognizes God as
             sovereign and almighty. Thanks for your commitment to Him and I pray peace for you as these
             attacks come against you. You do not stand alone ! Our church has your picture on our prayer
             board and we stand with you.

             I just wanted you to know also that as a single working mom I sure do appreciate the energy
             relief you proposed. I wasn't sure how I was going to make ends meet when winter hit and the
             energy rebate will sure help with that-

             Peace to you and your family governor Palin. Someday I would love the chance to meet you in
             person.
             Blessings,

             Maiken Erickson




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022831
