Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
              Sent:   Wednesday, August 13,2008 7:11 PM
              To:     Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
              Subject Re: Brian Update - 8-13-08
             PI1 be in Juneau late tomorrow. PIs let me know how I can help!

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One


             From : "Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)" <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>
             Date: Wed, 13 Aug 2008 19:05:28 -0800
             To: <patrick.galvin@alaska.gov>
             Subject: FW: Brian Update - 8-13-08




             From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)
             Sent: Wednesday, August 13, 2008 6:43 PM
             To: DOR All Department Staff
             Subject: Brian Update - 8-13-08

             More of the same... The search continues without any sign of them. Weather is
             still cloudy and rainy with patches of fog.

             Jerry Burnett and I visited with the Coast Guard Command center this
             afternoon, and received a full briefing on the search efforts. Despite the
             weather, the search has been multi-faceted (air, sea, and ground), and very
             extensive. Late yesterday they confirmed witness reports that Brian and
             Brandon's plane left Young Lake heading North and passed over Young Bay.
             That information narrows the potential flight path scenarios, and allows the
             search crews to concentrate in certain key areas on the Southwest side of
             Douglas Island and the Southeast side of the Mansfield Peninsula of Admiralty
             Island. For those not familiar with the area, I've attached a PDF version of a
             local map that includes these locations.

             At this point, the two most likely scenarios are an impact landing on the tree-
             lined island slopes, or a water impact. The Coast Guard has modeled the
             currents and resulting drift patterns originating from the possible water entry
             points, and search crews have thoroughly covered the coastline within the drift
             pattern. No debris has been found. It is considered very unlikely that they
             would have had a water impact without resulting in floating debris.

            Helicopters have been taking very slow passes over the island slopes in the
            more concentrated search areas yesterday and today. They report that the
            density of the tree canopy makes it nearly impossible to see from the air a
            plane that may have gone into the trees, and so they are focusing their efforts
            on looking for broken limbs and other signs of entry. In addition, crews from



             9/18/2009


                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1_0022847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                   Page 2 of 2


              the Juneau Mountain Rescue, along with teams of local volunteers, have been
              searching the same areas by foot , below the canopy. They also report that the
              density of the forest makes it difficult to see anything unless you come directly upon
              it.

             The search efforts continue . Tomorrow the searchers plan to move the thorough
             ground search to an adjacent area . I'll send more info as it becomes available.
             Again, thanks for keeping Brian and Brandon in your thoughts and prayers.

              -Pat




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0022848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



             Good morning                                                                                    Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

              From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
              Sent:     Wednesday, August 13, 2008 4:21 PM
              To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW. Mentoring Women Leaders




             From: Damian Wingate [mailto:wingate@performanceweb.org]
             Sent: Wednesday, August 13, 2008 7:15 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Mentoring Women Leaders

             Good morning. The Performance Institute is hosting a 90 minute webinar "Mentoring Women
             Leaders." We understand that high fuel prices are leading to a drastic reduction in travel
             budgets. That is why we are creating web-based training as a way to get you the education you
             need without leaving the state. We hope that you will be able to attend this event.

             httn://www.performanceweb.org/Webeast/events/Z723/Z723.htm



             By participating in this session. you will:

                 · Learn what's different - and what's not - about mentoring women leaders ... Why
                   mentoring women makes a difference and the top five barriers to women's advancement
                 · Gain the tools necessary to create a plan for a paired mentoring relationship ... Drafting a
                   mentoring agreement
                 · Learn the practical how-to's for creating a productive mentoring relationship ... How to
                   set learning goals, How to discuss expectations and roles, How to teach what you know (as
                    a Mentor), and How to accelerate your learning (as a Learning Partner)



             Regards,



             Damian



             Damian B. Wingate
             Associate Director
             The Performance Institute
             1515 N. Courthouse Rd., Suite 600
             Arlington, VA 22201
             P: 703.894.0481
             F: 703.894.0482
             wingate(performanceweb.org




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0022849
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Good morning                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



             Ask Me How to Become a Certified Government Performance Manager


             This is an advertising email. If you wish to stop receiving future emailsI please visit
             httg: / /www.performanceweb.or //ccmc/




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0022850
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                     Page I of I


             Unknown
              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
             Sent:     Wednesday , August 13, 200812:15 PM
             To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
             Subject: FW. A Better Way to Connect With Workers at the Price You Need



             From: membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.com]
             Sent: Monday, August 11, 2008 8:21 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject A Better Way to Connect With Workers at the Price You Need




                                                Now There's a Better Way to
                                                Connect with Skilled and Hourly
                                                Workers at the Price You Need
                                                Try TargetPostTM at the introductory Price of $150

                                                As a U. S. Chamber of Commerce member, you already enjoy great
                                                savings at Monster. Now, you're eligible to try Monster 's new product
                                                targeting skilled and hourly employees for the introductory price of
                                                only $150. This offer is good through September 30, 2008.


                                                TargetPostTM can simplify your recruiting now more
                                                than ever.

                                                    Choose from over 250 pre-written job titles with descriptions.
                                                    Enjoy a simplified job posting process.
                                                    View and organize responses online.

                                                Whether your recruitment requirements are full-time, part-time,
                                                temporary or contract, Monster has the tools you need to find the
                                                right candidates every time.

                                                Find Out More ia


                                                Monster is the exclusive recruiting partner endorsed by the U.S.
                                                Chamber of Commerce.




                To stop receiving these targeted notifications to U.S. Chamber of Commerce members, reply to this message with the
                word REMOVE In the subject line or visit your subscription management oaae. '




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0022851
