Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 11:41 AM
         To:                      '}bishop@precise-ac counting.ner
         Subject:                 RE: Education


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

         Sent: Sunday, August 10, 2008 10:35 AM

         To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Education




         Web mail from: Ms. Joyce Bishop

         address: 8690 Rosalind St Anchorage AK 99507

           907-229-6947



         MESSAGE:

         I would like to introduce you to Chad Bishop. It has been established he is of average
         intelligence and a very nice child. However, after 6 yrs at Abbott Loop he is only able
         to read at a .2nd grade level. Chad is 12 yrs old and should be entering Jr. High School
         this year.  Sadly, Chad was pushed through year after year and never given the tools to
         receive a FAPE. Chad now has been placed in a school that serves his special need. You
         see, I discovered 11-29-07 Chad is dyslectic.    I found a school that serves his need.
         Gateway Learning Center is specialized in the Slingerland method among other programs
         which is for dyslectic children. It is a very expensive school and I am unable to pay for
         it.  ASD agrees they don't have a special class for him but refused to pay for it.
         "Setting a precedence" per their attorney Brad Owens.   My concern as a single/widowed
         parent is because I can't pay the bill he will be kicked out of school and will become an
         un-educated adult.. I am begging

          for help.  All I want to do is give my child a well-deserved education.   I have gone
         through the process requested by ASD however the "system" still is failing Chad. Will you
         please help Chad?




                                                              I




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0022857
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          jbishop@precise-accounting.net




                                                     2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0022858
