Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                   Wednesday, August 13, 2008 12:03 PM
          To:                     'jackiekb@ptialaska.net
          Subject:                RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

          Sent: Sunday, August 10, 2008 9:01 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Jackie Ballard

          address: 578 Old Canoro Rd North Pole AK 99705




         MESSAGE:

          Hi,




         I met you today in Wal-Mart (in the lunchmeat area - I had the little girl in the cart
         eating goldfish - both of us wearing dresses - you commented that we must have been to
         church today).




         Well, lots of thoughts of appreciation and respect for you were running around in my mind,
         but I couldn't think of a single thing to say as I stood in front of you. So, now I just
         want to thank you for your efforts toward passing the energy relief plan...much needed,
         much appreciated. I also want to tell you how much we enjoyed and applauded what you said
         on Glen Beck's news show.. .you handle yourself so well and answer loaded questions with
         amazing ease.   (I have to admit I voted for you without ever having heard you speak).




                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0022855
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Lastly, I'd like to say that from what I can tell, you are an amazing person...yet you
         seem down -to-earth, practical, a typical mom (heck, I met you in Wal-Mart of all places,
         shopping with 2 of your kids!!!) I applaud you and all that you do.




         Jackie Ballard



         jackiekb@ptialaska.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0022856
