Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 4:18 PM
           To:                      'retaine@mac.com'
           Subject:                  RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is.
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 12, 2008 11:35 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Elaine Renfrow

           address: PO Box 1425 Sterling AK 99672




          MESSAGE:

           I just wanted you to know you and your family is still in my prayers.




          Don't let all those people get to you. I appreciate that you stand up for what is right
          and doing good for the state and people of Alaska.




          You are the 1st governor in a long time that has not bowed down to all the politicians.
          That is why they are all giving you such a hard time.




                                                                I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022870
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           There is a song that says To Be Strong & Take Courage ,



             Do Not Fear or Be Dismayed




           For The One That Lives in You Will Be Strong in You Today.




           Lord Bless




           Elaine Renfrow




           relaine@mac.com




                                                       2
