Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorralaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 4:39 PM
          To:                      'rnarksjohnson@attalascom.net
          Subject:                 RE: Health-Care


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@govweb. alaska .gov [mailto: WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday , August 13, 2008 11:58 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Health Care




          Web mail from: Mr. Mark Johnson

           address: 10726 Horizon Drive Juneau AK 99801

            907-463-5807



          MESSAGE:

          As you begin the process of developing the FY 10 budget, I ask you and to consider
          increasing funding for child and adolescent injury prevention programs (I propose $1
          million/yr). As you.may know, injury is the #1 cause of death of children in Alaska (1/3
          intentional and 2/3 unintentional), and a major cause of disabilities and
          hospitalizations. There are many proven strategies and programs for reducing child
          injuries, including some that have been successful in Alaska (e.g Kids Don't Float).



          I retired 4 years ago after 25+ years as Chief of Emergency Medical Services (Community
          Health and EMS the last 8 1/2 yrs, including injury prevention) in the Dept. of Health and
          Social Services. I currently volunteer as Chairman of the state EMS for Children Advisory
          Committee and as a member of the Alaska Trauma Systems Review Committee, so I have some
          knowledge and expertise in this topic. I will be happy to provide more info. Let's work
          together to make Alaska a safer, healthier place for children! Thanks.




                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022867
