Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 4:11 PM
           To:                      'sawiser@hotmail.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message. has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From : WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail @ govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 12, 2008 6:20 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from : Ms. Shirley Wiser

           address: HC 89 BOX 8560 Talkeetna AK 99676

            907-733-3311



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,



           I am writing you out of desperation.We are going to lose our businesses through no fault
           of our own.The Business is Alaska Resource Group-a road maintenance business contracted by
           the Matsu Borough for over 100 miles.It is owned by Bill Stearns of Talkeetna.It also
           includes a Refuse and Latte stand business.We thought by paying employee comp insurance we
           were covered.No one is in this state,we have found.Here are the facts.A hired
           employee, after numerous safety inservices,injures himself on the job thru his own
           negligence.OSHA officials at the scene even agree that is so.He was lifeflighted to
           Providence with an injured back.Then they find all these other pre existing conditions-
           like emphysema,a defective heart valve repair,a prior back injury,needs new complete
           dentures, extensive rehab and surgery.We had a pre employment physical done-he mentioned
           none of this to the Doctor Now he tells the insurance co. he can't leave the hospital,he
           is too ill to be rehabilitated.The small house w e rented him will have to have major
           renovations because he is "handicapped now for life' and the laws says we have to do
           so.Our insurance co. said the bills have hit 2 million dollars and we will have to double
           our premiums to over 120,000$ in the next year.We are going to lose our businesses because
           of this.The insurance co.basically is going to stick it to us until we fold.Bill Stearns
           has worked the last 15 years for this business and has a very good reputation if you ask
           the Borough.Thsi man is now going to receive better healthcare than us for conditions we
           were not responsible for and retire for life-this is a poor person's retirement plan-at
           our expense.Small business has no future in this state if this can happen.What could you
           do to help.I am begging you for some help here. Sincerely Shirley Wiser
                                                                I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022874
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           sawiser@hotmail.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0022875
