Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah.Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 1:12 PM
           To:                      'danielienmack@yahoo.com'
           Subject                  RE Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the-Governor.   Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in-this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Monday, August 11, 2008 9:59 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




           Web mail from: Mr. Nathanael Mack

           address: 11795 Cippewa Bancroft MI 48414




           MESSAGE:

            Dear Govenor,



               I would love to move to you beautiful state permanantly. I would like to live in the
           Copper River Basin, build a totaly self sufficent log cabin, and live off the land. I
          .would also like to start a small city to house and help the poor transsexuals of our
           country have a place to run to. I however have no job myself as of right now, no medical
           insurance, and am having to stay with my grandmother here in Michigan. I have a great
           manny outdoor skills that I would bring with me. I was hoping that you could at least
           point me in the right direction or provide me with information as to where to go and who
           to talk to about moving myself to your beautiful state. If you have any questions please
           feel free to ask.



           -Nathanael Mack



           daniellenmack@yahoo.com




                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022890
