Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 1:52 PM
            To:                      'ranft@alaksa.net
            Subject:                 RE Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or.
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.




            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Monday, August 11, 2008 5:52 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Ms. Stephanie Ranft

            address: 1901 Puffin Place Fairbanks AK 99709

             907-457-7048



            MESSAGE:

            Thank you so much for taking the time out of your busy day to stop and talk to my daughter
            Emma and I at Fred Meyers in Fairbanks today. It was an honor to meet you. Thank you for
            not only doing an awesome job for our state, but also for giving little girls a positive
            female role model.   Stephanie Ranft.




            Your awesome Palin when I grow up I want to be the first girl president for the USA. It
            was a great honor to meet you at Fred Meyers. My old hamster died of well I think it died
            of eating too much paint off the bars on its cage so I got a new hamster named Captain
            Cheese she is a very fat hamster it has blond, brown and black fur and black eyes. I have
            two older brothers one is 13 his name is Alex and the other is 15 his name is Nathan my
            Dads name is Richard he is 40. Thank you for the taking a picture with me. It is an honor
            to have you as our Governor. Emma Ranft




                                                                  I




                                                                                                              PRA_GSPO1 _0022885
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Iranft@alaksa.net




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSPO1_0022886
