Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 3:56 PM
           To:                      'thesparksfamily@gci.net
           Subject:                 RE: Elections


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 12, 2008 1:40 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



           Web mail from: Mr. Timothy Sparks

           address: 15800 Southpark Loop Anchorage AK 99516




           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




           Thank you for your service to Alaska and our great country. You inspired me to get
           involved and because of your stand on issues, I will be at the convention as a delegate-
           alternate this year participating in a small way to move our party forward with
           transparency without the corruption of the past.




           My suggestion is this: Would your husband, Todd, consider running for Senator Ted
           Stevens' seat? The other Republican candidates seem lackluster.   He would have the name
           recognition and I believe that he could beat Mr. Begich.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0022882
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           This is just a suggestion and yes, I do have a Parnell sign in my front yard.




           Please keep up the good work and we will continue to pray for you and your family.




           Very Respectfully,



           Tim Sparks



           thesparks amily @ gci.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0022883
