Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPI ENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 13, 2008 12:04 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Sunday, August 10, 2008 9:21 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Janice Glover

           address: 7041 E. 10th AV. Anchorage AK 99504

            907-868-9009



           MESSAGE:

           Govenor, I am a Special Ed. Teacher at East High School. This will be my second year up
           here, I am from Oklahoma. I fell in love with your state and am proud to be apart of it.
           We had never had a child with a disability in our family, I don't know how I became a
           special ed. teacher, but it was my calling. Now I know. My daughter had two little boys
           and one of them Ty developed a rare brain disease when he was a year old, by the time he
           was 17 months old it had escalated to full force and they had to take out the left side of
           his brain. Ty is our miracle child. He leaves a piece of him where ever he goes. He is out
           going, funny, loveable and grandma's boy. He recently had another surgery to help correct
           his right side (he is paralyzed on the right side) at the Shriners hospital in Lousiana.
           The nurses loved him and said he kept them laughing even before they put him out in
           surgery. But back to the reason I am e-mailing you, there is a poem and I would have
           attached it if I could figu

          re our how to, but I can't, so I thought maybe someone in your office or you if you find a
          spare moment could look it up on the internet. I think everyone should read it. It's
          called "Vacation in Holland" and it is self explanatory. You know we all have gifts, some
          just come in different packages and have to be opened in different ways. I can tell from
          your family pictures, you'll are a very close and loving family and you'll find you baby
          son's gifts and open them carefully. I am not saying you won't find some of them
          challenging, but that makes them all the more precious when accomplished.




          Sincerely,



                                                              1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022899
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Janice Glover; Special Ed . Teacher, East High School



          jmg49@yahoo.com




                                                      2
