Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, August 14,2008 12:34 PM
          To:                      'susan@ilovealaska.net'
          Subject:                 RE: Education


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although. she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govl

          Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 7:23 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Education



          Web mail from: Ms. Susan Voyles

          address: P.O. Box 47 Copper Center AK 99573

           907-822-8827/3863



          MESSAGE:

          I am having trouble getting my son into the AVTECH in Seward, Alaska. He had trouble when
          he was there the last time. He was late due to a tooth problem. I didn't know where to
          tell him to go to get medical help, he didn't have insurance and by chance someone told me
          about a place that helps natives for free. He was helped but he got kicked out of school
          for being late too many times. We tried to fight the them kicking him out, he was late
          another time due to bad weather going to seward from a school vacation. They would not
          even understand about this, the road said it was closed on the news. No he has not been
          back for two years, they said he should have worked 6 months. He has only been working
          seasonal jobs.  They will not count work he has done last year for the same job he has
          been doing these last couple of years. They said he has to work 6 month straight this
          year.  He was ready to go back to school this coming Saturday, I put in for a scholarship
          thru our native organi

          zation.  I just feel they are being unfair. Thank you. Susan C. Voyles for my son Patrick
          Voyles age 21



          susan@ilovealaska.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0022926
