Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

          From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent                     Thursday, August 14, 2008 12:40 PM
          To:                      'Cameronmcfarlane@hotmail.com'
          Subject:                 RE: Public Safety


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

          Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 4:52 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Public Safety




          Web mail from :    Cameron McFarlane

          address : 4611 Juneau St #11 Anchorage AK 99503

            (907) 952-8368



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,




          With all the criticism you are receiving I thought of an important quote for that has
          incredible implication to you.




          "It is not the critic who counts: not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles
          or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is
          actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives
          valiantly, who errs and comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without
                                                               2




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0022922
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           error or shortcoming , but who knows the great'enthusiasms , the great devotions , who spends
           himself for a worthy cause ; who, at the best, knows, in the end, the triumph of high
           achievement , and who, at the worst , if he fails , at least he fails while daring greatly,
           so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory
           nor defeat."




           You are the Wo(man ) in the arena , this will blow over and you are doing a great job.
           Thanks.




           Sincerely,




           Cameron McFarlane




           Cameronmcfarlane @ hotmail.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 _0022923
