Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, August 14, 2008 12:25 PM
          To:                      'wholesale.fumiture@acsalaska.net'
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns , opinions , and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 9:06 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. katherine KELLEN

          address: 307 LADD AVENUE FAIRBANKS AK 99701

           .9074556999



          MESSAGE:

          Thank you for being such a lovely role model. . .your a tough lady and that will always
          bring you success!! May the Lord bless you and give you many blessings!!



          I am a business owner here in the interior and I know what I go through on the small
          scale...I cannot imagine what your days are like!! Thank God for our children to always
          bring us the.hugs and kisses after a long hard day of dealing with people... just wanted to
          say Thanks!




          www.fwfairbanks.com



          wholesale.furniture@acsalaska.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0022928
