Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
                 Sent:     Thursday, August 14,2008 12:22 PM
                 To:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                 Cc:       Benedict; Nichole M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Action Alert/ press release/ Arc of Anchorage




               From: Jean Calhoun [mailto:jcalhoun@mssca.org]
               Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 10:02 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Action Alert/ press release/ Arc of Anchorage

               Sarah,
               FYI,
               You may already be aware of this rally in Anchorage.
               Jean




              From: Gwen Lee [mailto:glee@arc-anchorage.org]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 13, 2008 5:05 PM
              To: Lynn Kenney; Kathy Allely; Belinda Baldwin; Cara Bauer; Jim Beck; Kathleen Boulette; John Cannon; Lynn
              Caswell; Kim Champney; Bess Clark; Christine Culliton; Susan Drathman; Ken Duff; Eva Dunning; Beth Edmands;
              Emily Ennis; Richard Fagundes; Teri Firor; Kathy Fitzgerald; David Fleurant; Heidi Frost; Wilma Gauthier; Sandra
              Heffem; Jan Hinde; Sylvia Holliday; Tom Howard; Bev Ingram; Bennie Jarriel; Matt Jones; Kim Judge; Seth
              Kelley; Bev Knox; Liz Lee; Steve Lesko; Naomi Malony; Duane Mayes; Carla Meitler; Max Mercer; Barb Nath;
              Noel; Janele O'Donnell; Anne Paley; Roxanne Petticrew; Bree Petty; Amanda Race; Will Raemaeker; Millie Ryan;
              Chris Sasse; Peggy Schick; Connie Sipe; Jesalyn Stanton; Vicki Thayer; Kathy Turner; Laura Vines; Mark Walker;
              Trish Walter; Karen Ward
              Subject: RE: Action Alert

               AADD members:
               I will share more about this on fine during our teleconference tomorrow , but I wanted to get the word out to you in
               case you have not seen the information about the movie "Tropic Thunder" and its demeaning portrayal of people
               with disabilities. This is a national Rally for Respect across the country in every city at movie theaters.
               The Arc of Anchorage plans to be at two theaters in Anchorage and we invite anyone to join us as we share
               information to raise awareess . Please feel free to share the enclosed press release with your staff and encourage
               folks to join with us. Media will be present and we are asking individuals with disabilities to especially consider
               attending to share their feelings.
               We will have signs and materials to distribute. Let people know it is PEACEFUL! We have permission from the
               theaters, but we do want to model respect (our Key Campaign training has taught us well)!
               Gwen
               P.S. Ann Wingquest is the contact person (info on the Press Release)
               here at The Arc, if you can let her know that you can attend. We want to divide our group to be able to cover both I




               8/28/2009



                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0022952
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2



                                   This message was received from inside the company.
                Li
                                                      This message (and any associated files) is intended
                                                      only for the
                                                      use of the individual or entity to which it is
                                                      addressed and may
                                                      contain information that is confidential, subject to
                                                      copyright or
                                                      constitutes a trade secret. If you are not the intended
                                                      recipient
                                                      you are hereby notified that any dissemination, copying
                                                      or
               distribution of this message , or files associated with this message,
               is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error,
               please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting
               it from your computer. Messages sent to and from us may be monitored.

              Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free
              as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive
              late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Therefore, we do not accept
              responsibility for any errors or omissions that are present in this
              message, or any attachment, that have arisen as a result of e-mail
              transmission. If verification is required, please request a hard-copy
              version. Any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author
              and do not necessarily represent those of the company.




               8/28/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0022953
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              The Honorable Ted Stevens                                                                      Page 1 of 2



               Unknown
                From:   Governor'Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOANOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNORI
                Sent:   Thursday, August 14,2008 1:46 PM
                To:     Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
                Cc:        Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: New Microsoft Word Document




              From: Mayor [mailto:mayor@ci.unalaska.ak.us]
              Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 1:28 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: New Microsoft Word Document

              Invitation to Unalaska for ETS drill August 30th, 2008




              The Honorable Sarah Palin
              Governor, State of Alaska
              Juneau, Alaska

              RE: Aleutian Island Defense Strategy Second ETS Drill

              Dear Governor Palm,
              As you know, the inherent marine safety risks that radically shifting/ strengthening weather patterns and
              sea states create make the Aleutian Islands a uniquely hazardous place for commerce. We have seen the
              Swallow, Kuroshima and Selendang Ayu on the rocks, broken and bleeding Bunker C into estuaries,
              marshlands and beaches. We lost 9 lives in those three incidents , and the financial cost of cleaning up
              the spills has been in the hundreds of millions of dollars.

              After a near miss with the M/V Salica Frigo in March of 2007, I put together a working group made up
              of State, Federal and Local agencies and businesses to address the challenge of protecting our marine
              environment and economic stability in a pro-active manner. We had a very successful emergency towing
              system on the water exercise last summer with the partnership of the USCG, ADEC, the Alaska Marine
              Pilots and our local tugs the Gyrfalcon, James Dunlap and the Samson Mariner as well as the M/V
              Baltic Prosperity as our "disabled" vessel.

              This summer the group agreed that it would be extremely valuable to run an on the water exercise using
              both the City's ETS and the State's ETS together on a 600' container ship graciously donated by
              Horizon Lines LLC. We are running this exercise as a drill to see if there are any standard operating
              procedures that we need to focus on for more efficient/safe deployment of a vessel of this size. The date
              of August 30, early .in the morning has been decided upon for the drill, and we would be honored if you
              would join our group of local, state and federal participants who have come together to protect the lives



               8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0022954
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              The Honorable Ted Stevens                                                                        Page 2 of 2


              and livelihoods that depend on the unique marine environment that we call home.

              Please feel free to contact me with any questions regarding the training or the invitation to join us on
              August 30t, 2008 . You can also visit our web site for more information on last years exercise at
              http://www.dec.state.ak.us/spar/perp/aiets/home.htm

              Sincerely,


              Mayor Shirley Marquardt
              City of Unalaska, Alaska




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0022955
