Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 14, 2008 7:00 AM
           To:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR)
           Cc:                      Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Mason; Janice L
                                    (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 Oil


           Let me know when it's most convenient for oil co visits re: AGIA. An update from the
           producers should happen soon, hopefully. Thanks (janice and Kris can help schedule the
           meetings)

           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0022934
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                              Page 1 of 6


              Unknown

               From:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ataska.gov]
               Sent:       Thursday, August 14,. 2008 12:46 PM
               To:         Smith ; Lynne M (GOV)
               Subject: FW Waste Business Journal



              From: Weekly News Bulletin: Aug. 13-19, 2008 [mailto:info@wastebusinessjoumal.com]
              Sent: Wednesday, August 13, 2008 11:02 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Waste Business Journal

                                      If you are having trouble viewing this email, you may see it online.




                       Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin : Aug. 13-19, 2008


               HEADLINES...
               1. Waste Management Increases Offer for Republic by 10% to
                   $6.73 B
               2. Allied Waste CEO Has Harsh Words for Waste Management
               3. Bill Gates is Accumulating Republic Shares
               4. Pennsylvania Approves Conestoga Landfill Gas-to-Energy
                   Project
               5. Duke Energy Signs Landfill Gas Deal in Durham, NC
               6. BFI Canada Posts . a Very Strong 2Q
               7. Veolia Environnement Makes Chicago North American Home
               8. Veolia ES Names New Head of Hazardous Waste Division
               9. EnergySolutions Profits Double in Second Quarter
               10. Changing World Technologies Files for IPO
               11. GreenMan Technologies Posts 42% Revenue Increase
               12. Avalon Holdings Q2 Profit Down Slightly


                The weekly news bulletin is a service of Waste Business Journal. WBJ
                provides research and analysis of the waste industry.


               1.    WASTE MANAGEMENT INCREASES OFFER FOR REPUBLIC BY
                     10% TO $6.73 B
                     Waste Management, Inc., as expected, Increased its unsolicited cash
                     offer for rival Republic Services, Inc. by nearly 10% to $6.73 billion or
                     from $34 per share to $37 per share, and has proposed to pay Republic
                     a fee of $250 million if the two companies are unable to close a
                     transaction in the event that the U.S . Department of Justice opposes the
                     deal. Waste Management said that its new offer represents a premium of
                     32.6% over Republic's closing stock price on July 11, 2008, the last
                     trading day prior to Waste Management's announcement of Its initial
                     offer. Republic Services , which had previously reached an agreement to
                     merge with Allied Waste Industries, Inc., responded to Waste
                     Management's new offer by saying that it will "carefully review" the
                     proposal "consistent with its fiduciary duties." Allied Waste Chairman and
                     CEO John Zillmer was less reserved in his response , however. "Despite



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0022935
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 2 of 6


                    strong opposition from its own shareholders and other constituencies,
                    and the severe antitrust regulatory and financing challenges associated
                    with its unsolicited proposal to acquire Republic, Waste Management is
                    pushing ahead with its attempt to disrupt our two companies ' strategic
                    plans with another offer that pales in comparison to the significant value
                    that will be generated through the combination of Republic and Allied,"
                    Zillmer said in press release "..Read Mores


               2.   ALLIED WASTE CEO HAS HARSH WORDS FOR WASTE
                    MANAGEMENT
                    Allied Waste Industries Inc.'s CEO John Zillmer has harsh words for rival
                    Waste Management, Inc. which has raised its offer for Republic Services,
                    Inc. despite that company's plans to merge with Allied (announced June
                    23). In its effort to thwart the Allied-Republic merger, Waste
                    Management recently increased its offer by 10% to $6.73 billion or $37
                    per share. 'Despite strong opposition from its own shareholders and
                    other constituencies, and the severe antitrust regulatory and financing
                    challenges associated with its unsolicited proposal to acquire Republic,
                    Waste Management is pushing ahead with its attempt to disrupt our two
                    companies' strategic plans," Allied chief executive John Zillmer said in a
                    recent statement. "The revised offer of $37 per share remains inferior to
                    the range of values supporting the merger of Republic and Allied
                    Waste.".. Read More a


               3.   BILL GATES IS ACCUMULATING REPUBLIC SHARES
                    Bill Gates' investment arm Cascade Investment LLC has made a number
                    of purchases of Republic Services, Inc . stock in recent days. According to
                    filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , his stake currently
                    amounts to 30.7 million shares which is close to about 17% of the
                    company. Late last month , Republic's board of directors adopted poison
                    pill measures aimed to thwart Waste Management's unsolicited offer for
                    the company . The measures penalize purchasers of more than 10% of
                    company stock without board approval, but provide an exception for
                    Cascade Investment which already owned 15 % is allowed to accumulate
                    up to 20%... Read More


               4. PENNSYLVANIA APPROVES CONESTOGA LANDFILL GAS-TO-
                  ENERGY PROJECT
                    The Pennsylvania DEP has approved plans by the Conestoga Landfill in
                    Berks County to construct a $10 million treatment plant and 9-mile
                    pipeline in order to ship its gas to Lancaster County where it will help
                    power local industry. Project developer Granger Energy had to acquire a
                    27-acre site adjacent to the landfill to construct the large treatment
                    plant which dries and filters the gas to make it suitable for export. The
                    pipeline will eventually connect with another that takes gas from the
                    nearby Lanchester Landfill In Narvon, PA . Taken together, the Conestoga
                    and Lanchester landfill gas projects are expected to produce the energy
                    equivalent of 200,000 barrels of oil annually, while eliminating air
                    emissions equal to the output of 16,000 vehicles, according to
                    reports... Read More s


                               ESSENTIAL REFERENCE & MARKET TOOL
               Directory & Atlas of Non -Hazardous
               Waste Sites 2008
               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous
               Waste Sites is the only directory of its kind and
               is the most up-to-date and comprehensive
               facility database of nearly 8,000 waste
               processing and disposal facilities across the US.




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     P RA_G S P01 _0022936
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 3 of 6



               The Directory & Atlas of Non-Hazardous Waste Sites is a powerful
               research and analysis tool that provides you with up-to-date, detailed
               operating profiles of all landfills, waste-to-energy plants, materials recovery
               facilities, construction & demolition landfills, transfer stations, composting
               operations and more throughout the entire US. [Learn More...]




               5.   DUKE ENERGY SIGNS LANDFILL GAS DEAL IN DURHAM, NC
                    Duke Energy has signed a 20-year agreement to buy power created from
                    methane gas captured from a now closed City of Durham , NC landfill.
                    Beginning on May 1, Duke Energy will begin buying up to 2 megawatts
                    of power, enough to power 1,600 homes , from project developer
                    Methane Power Inc. Tapping the gas to generate electricity is part of a
                    broader effort by the Charlotte utility to increase its use of renewable
                    energy sources to stem global warming . By state law, utilities must use
                    renewables and conservation to meet 12 . 5% of their sales by 2021.
                    Methane Power will install internal combustion engines to burn the gas
                    and generate the power ...Read More a


               6.   BFI CANADA POSTS A VERY STRONG 2Q
                    BFI Canada Income Fund reported second quarter net income that nearly
                    tripled to $15 million, or $0.26 per share from $5 . 8 million, or $0.10 per
                    share last year . According to CEO Keith Carrigan , "Consolidated
                    revenues in the second quarter and year to date grew 31 . 6% and 32.7%
                    respectively, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. Our
                    second quarter and year to date organic revenue, which excludes
                    acquisitions, fuel and environmental surcharges , and foreign currency
                    translation, grew by 11 .1% and 12.2% in Canada , and 6.2% and 6.2%
                    In the U .S." In its conference call with investors, the company said it was
                    considering shedding its six-year -old trust structure as a strategy to
                    improve access to capital . Increasing industry mergers and acquisitions,
                    including talks between Waste Management , Republic and Allied, are
                    said to be drawing other companies into the fray , particularly if the
                    bigger firms are forced to divest assets as a precondition of their
                    deal...Read More s


               7.   VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT MAKES CHICAGO NORTH
                    AMERICAN HOME
                    Paris-based environmental services giant Veolia Environnement SA is
                    establishing its North American headquarters in Chicago. The company
                    will consolidate about 60 executives and support personnel that had
                    been dispersed at offices in several cities to a 34,500 square foot floor of
                    the Aon Center skyscraper. Veolia, founded in the mid-19th Century, is
                    the largest water firm in the world. It has 320,000 workers and had $48
                    billion in gross revenues last year. Its operations in waste collection and
                    disposal, energy conservation, water treatment and transportation
                    employ 31,000 in North America and produced revenues of $4.5 billion
                    last year. The company operates 32 landfills and 10 waste-to-energy
                    projects in North America... Read More))


               8.   VEOLIA ES NAMES NEW HEAD OF HAZARDOUS WASTE
                    DIVISION
                    Veolia ES Technical Solutions, L.LC., the hazardous waste division of
                    Veolia Environmental Services, has named Jim Bell as its new president
                    and CEO. Bell, who was previously vice president of eastern region
                    operations at Veolia ES Technical Solutions, replaces Philippe Martin,
                    who has been appointed to the position of vice president of innovation
                    and technology for Paris-based Veolia Environnement. "My overriding
                    objective is to continue the exceptional growth of the Technical Solutions




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0022937
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                        Page 4 of 6


                    business by building upon improvements in the quality of our people,
                    safety In the workplace, and efficiencies in facilities and services,
                    including expanding our recycling and reclaim capabilities," Bell said
                    upon assuming his new duties on August I...Read More P


                Market Radius Reports
                Focus on Your Market..
               Market radius reports capture all waste
               operations within a given market. They
               provide analysis of the major players by
               market share, and show historical trends
               of pricing, volume and capacity specific
               to that area. [Learn More...]




               9.   ENERGYSOLUTIONS PROFITS DOUBLE IN SECOND QUARTER
                    EnergySolutions said second quarter profits doubled to $12.6 million, or
                    $0.14 per share, from $6 million earned in the same period last year.
                    The company's acquisition of British Reactor Sites Management Co. In
                    June 2007 helped to nearly triple revenues for the quarter to $460
                    million from $162 million last year. "In this, our second full quarter as a
                    public company, I am very pleased with the performance of each of our
                    business units and the progress each has made in executing our long-
                    term strategic goals," said R. Steve Creamer, EnergySolutlons' CEO.
                    While revenues increased for federal services and international
                    operations, those of the commercial services division declined on lower
                    volume at the company's low-level radioactive and hazardous waste site
                    in Tooele County...Read More »


               10. CHANGING WORLD TECHNOLOGIES FILES FOR IPO
                   Changing World Technologies Inc., which produces diesel oil and
                   fertilizer from animal and food processing waste, is filing paperwork to
                   go public. The West Hempstead, N.Y.-based company said it has filed
                   the paperwork with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
                   "relating to the proposed initial public offering of its common stock." The
                   company's demonstration plant in Carthage, MO, has gained attention
                   for converting turkey waste into oil... Read More»


               11. GREENMAN TECHNOLOGIES POSTS 42 % REVENUE INCREASE
                   Savage, Minn.-based GreenMan Technologies Inc. said that improved
                   sales of processed scrap tires and income from discontinued operations
                   in Georgia boosted second quarter revenues by 42% to $7.6 million
                   compared to $5.3 million last year. Net income rose to $3 million, or
                   $0.10 per share, from $314,000, or $0.01 per share last year. "Our
                   focus during the past two years on quality of revenue, earnings and cash
                   flow has created significant internal value that is not easily recognized
                   due to the historical debt on our balance sheet," said Lyle Jensen,
                   president and CEO. GreenMan recycles more than 12 million tires
                   annually into tire-derived fuel, aggregate and crumb rubber... Read
                   More))


               12. AVALON HOLDINGS Q2 PROFIT DOWN SLIGHTLY
                   Avalon Holdings Corp . reported second quarter net income of $0.3
                   million or $0.07 per share, lower than $0.4 million or $0.10 per share in
                   the year-ago quarter. Last year's earnings however, included $0.1
                   million or $0. 03 per share from discontinued operations . Revenues for
                   the second quarter increased to $11. 7 million from $11.5 million in the




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0022938
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                                             Page 5 of 6


                  same quarter a year-ago. Avalon provides waste management services
                  in selected northeastern and Midwestern markets and owns the Avalon
                  Golf and Country Club which operates golf courses ... Read More *


              Waste Market Overview &                   iii tbt ii        LIliiiltet
              Outlook                              HWA"Md
                                                   0011111-04
              The Waste Market Overview
              examines the industry top to
              bottom covering waste
              generation, collection,
              processing, recovery and
              disposal by revenue and
              volume. The report details the
              relationship of past and future
              pricing to capacity and demand
              for disposal , and shows the
              increasing role of the private
              sector. Waste equipment and
              the emerging importance of e-
              waste, C&D recovery, food wastes, tires and medical wastes are examined.
               · Market Revenues by Segment
               · Waste Generation, Recovery and Disposal by Volume and Revenue
               · Collection, Processing and Disposal Markets
               · Geographic Distribution of the Market
               · Other Waste Management Segments & Emerging Markets
               · Competition in Waste Among the Major Players
               · Resource Recovery Markets by Commodity
               · Waste Management Equipment
               [Learn More...]




                ABOUT US
                Waste Business Journal researches the waste industry and publishes a
                variety of reports. We regularly perform custom reports for clients based
                on their particular needs. Please give us a call or email to discuss how we
                can help you.
                CONTACT US
                PO Box 40034
                San Diego, CA 92164-0034
                Tel 619.793.5190
                Fax 619.793.4713
                Email info@wastebusinessiournal.com.
                FORWARD THIS EMAIL
                Forward email
                UNSUBSCRIBE
                This email was sent to office_ot the_govemor@gov.state.ak.us, by
                info@wastebusinessjournal.com
                Update Profile/Email Address I Instant removal with
                SafeUnsubscribe '"' I Privacy Policy.
                QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
                Email thompson@wastebusinessjournal.com.
                DISCLAIMER
              I Although WBl has made every effort to be accurate, errors may appear
                and are unintentional.




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0022939
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Waste Business Journal Weekly News Bulletin                                              Page 6 of 6




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0022940
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page I of I



              Unknown

               From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Sent      Thursday, August 14, 2008 8:39 PM
               To:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: Re: URGENT ADN
              Past tense. She has the majority - she won that.

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska gov>
              Date: Thu, 14 Aug 2008 20:30:40 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              Subject: URGENT ADN

              Governor -
               Is Molly still in a custody battle w/ Wooten or is that past tense? I know the divorce is over.

               Sharon Leighow
               Deputy Press Secretary
               Deputy Communications Director

               465-4031 Juneau
               269-7450 Anchorage
               240-7943 cell



               From: Hopkins, Kyle [mailto:KHopkins@adn.com]
               Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 8:26 PM
               To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
               Subject: facts

               Sharon:

               checking:
               Molly and Wooten are still in a custody dispute /battle. Its not over, in other words.

               Fair to say the Governor believes the tape of Frank Bailey does not prove the administration was trying to
               pressure Monegan or DPS to get rid of Wooten . ( I'm confidant in this based on our talk this morning, but
               just trying to double check)


               Kyle Hopkins
               Reporter I Anchorage Daily News
               Direct: 907-257-4334 I Fax: 907-258-2157
               KHookinsIadn . com 11001 Northway Drive I Anchorage, AK 99508


                0

               Anchorage Daily News products reach more than 300,000 Alaskans every week.
               Visit us at adn.com and Alaska.com




               9/18/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022941
