Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNORI
           Sent:                    Friday, August 15, 2008 9:51 AM
           To:                      Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

           Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 7:24 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. James Wallman

           address: PO Box 491 Dillingham AK 99576

            842-2613



           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin, I may ramble here a bit but actually just want to voice my support for you
           and your administration of our State. This issue that currently attempts to overshadow
           your accomplishments angers me greatly. Tonite on one of the Anc



           TV station news they held a poll ....... I don't recall exactly how they worded it, "Do You
           Think She Knew........?" but it was typical of the feeding frenzy now occuring. I don't
           know of a single family that would NOT do everything in their power to intervene on behalf
           of a family member being victimized by an abusive partner. And when the abuser wears a
           badge and gun it is a very dangerous and scary situation. The news media seems to have
           forgotten that aspect of this whole issue. I have no idea as to the degree of your
           involvement in this matter and quite frankly, I don't care. To criticize Todd for acting
           to protect his wife and her family is beyond belief. To the contrary, if he did not act
           then I would wonder why. There are certain aspects to being an Alaskan that still survive
           in this age of political correctness, that being to know the difference between right and
           wrong,. and to act accordingly. I am not alone in my opinion, Governor., especially in this
           community. I'm hoping this

            will pass ...... perhaps Ted will draw the spotlight and leave you to continue with the
           business of running our Great State.




           jim wallman
                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0022964
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           james'wallman@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0022965
