Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorralaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Friday, August 15, 2008 1:04 PM
           To:                      'onepaladin@hotmail.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Health-Care


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each'and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb. alaska .gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

           Sent: Friday, August 15, 2008 12:53 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Health Care



           Web mail from: Mr. Jesse Payne

           address: 607 Old Steese Hwy. # B224\r\n# B 224 Fairbanks AK 99701

            907-374-5046



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           While I certainly realize you can't possibly read, much less respond, to everything you
           receive, I hope someone on staff can take a moment. In April of 2007, my
           wife,Catherine,was diagnosed with breast cancer. Needless to say,the time since then,with
           all that has happened, has been traumatic for her,and,indeed our entire family.



           I am happy to say the treatment and care she has received-right here in Fairbanks-



           has been nothing short of wonderful,and thankfully,successful. Having noted that,



           we have encountered problems,that,frankly,I don't know how to deal with.



           While the medical and nursing staff of Fairbanks Memorial Hospital were competent and
           caring, dealing with Banner Health has not been a pleasant experience.I cannot understand
                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0022996
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           how they can expect working folks to come with the kind of money they are asking to be
           paid immediately,if not sooner,but they continue to up the ante to the point where I am
           completley overwhelmed.I can hardly see the the point of making the effort at present.My
           wife is still unable to return to work,and.although I work as much overtime as
           possible,the cost of living has escalated so much I'm hardly keeping up.When Banner does
           not receive their money,it automaticlly gets forwarded to a collection agency.No need to
           say how this affects my credit rating,and therefore,my ability to pay them in the future.
           Now I have been informed they may. choose to seize our dividends. I didn't even know that
           was possible or legal. They are not the only medical entity we owe-merely the single
           largest one.  I am employed at the Fo

           rt Knox Mine, and yes, there is health insurance-which brings me to my next point. As I
           have come to understand is typical of insuramce companies, Employee Benefit Management
           Services, Inc.,P.O. Box 21367, Billings MT 59104, is not truly intersted in providing
           benefits.



           What benefits have been paid have had to be coaxed from them, have not been paid at the
           level they promised, have been stalled at every turn-not paid untill I



           receive collection threats,etc. They did not pay the radiation oncologist untill I



           called and asked for an accounting and review(which they STILL have not provided)



           stating it was an "oversight".Honestly,if I performed my job in like manner,I woudn't HAVE
           one. Today, FMH called to inform us that EBMS had DENIED payment



           for the antibiotic treatment the doctor had prescribed. This is not the first item



           we have had to "haggle" with them about, just the latest and most expensive.



           My wife was advised by her doctors to lower her stress levels-could one say this



           is not conducive to that? How is it that such a company is allowed to operate in Alaska?



           I realize there is little even the Governor's office can do in these situations, and I am
           not asking anyone to pay my bills. If someone else is entitled to our dividends,



           I suppose we'll figure out how to pay bills at home another way. I DO, however,



           question strongly Banner Health/FMH being a "community" institution, especially



           as they maintain a virtual monopoly here, having recently acquired Tanana Valley

                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0022997
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Clinic and successfully blocking any. other institutions from opening in the area.



           Also,while I do not advocate state-run medical care , I DO believe any entity licensed to
           do business in Alaska should be required to operate ethically , honestly,



           transparently , and COMPREHENDABLY . I suppose I should consider seeking legal



           council, but that requires money as well.



           If, indeed , someone has taken the time to read this, my thanks - please consider



           situations like mine when making future policy decisions.



                              Sincerely , Jesse Payne




           onepaladin @hotmail.com




                                                               3




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0022998
