Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, August 15, 2008 11:33 AM
          To:                      'saltspring @verizon.net
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

          Sent: Friday, August 15, 2008 B:07 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Robert Hawthorne

          address: 20950 SW Erin Terrace' Beaverton OR 97006

           503-848-6234



          MESSAGE:

         .As a parent of a child with Down's Syndrome, too, I ask you to use your office to call
          attention to the injustice of using the word "retard" 17 times in the movie, "Tropic
          Thunder". The phrase "never go full retard", now being sold on a t-shirt through
          Cafepress.com only heightens the marginalization of children with intellectual
          disabilities.




          I am a Republican and proud father of a 6-year old, Isaac, who has Down's Syndrome. Be
          strong and courageous and help people understand the harm that such words cause.




          Thank you,




                                                                I




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01 _0023003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Robert Hawthorne



           saltspring@verizon.net




                                                     2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSPOI_0023004
