Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor cralaska.govj
          Sent:           -        Friday, August 15, 2008 10:59 AM
          To:                      'codtan@mtaonline. neV
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best. address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----                                            -

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 3:48 PM

          To:,Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Lisa Sandvik

          address: 5860 S. Bodenburg Loop Palmer AK 99645




          MESSAGE:

          Hi, I've been sort of looking at the headlines in the newspaper. I'm not sure of exactly
          all of what's goingon with this wooten stuff and such, but you look like you are having a
          stressful time of it.



          I didn't vote for you - but since the election have decided you are doing a pretty good
          job.  You seem honest and fair and just like an all around decent person.



          Mostly what I wanted to tell you is that I'm praying for you. You're a Christian so I
          figured you wouldn't mind someone doing that for you and telling you about it. At least
          for me when I'm going through a stressful time it helps to know that there's someone out
          there praying for me.




          that's all I wanted to say, nothing terribly profound. I just got to thinking about you
          and figured you could use an uplift.

                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0023006
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Blessings to you and yours, Lisa Sandvik



          codtan@mtaonline.net




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0023007
