Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, August 15, 2008 6:20 AM
           To:                      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 Fw: Press conf on Wednesday




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah @ yahoo.com




           Date: Fri, 15 Aug 2008 09:40:57

          To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>; Bill McAllister<bill.mcallister@alaska.gov>

          Cc: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Talis Colberg<talis.colberg@alaska.gov>;
          <mike.barnhill@alaska.gov>

          Subject: Press conf on Wednesday




          In it, didn't Jason Moore (or another reporter) ask if I was aware of "any of these calls
          putting pressure on to fire Wooten"?

            And my response was "no, I wasn't aware (of any "pressuring Monegan-type" calls)".

             Is the media now reporting that incorrectly - claiming I'm inconsistent or unbelivable
          because I HAD to have known? I still don't believe there were ANY Monegan-pressured calls
          and the closest to that would have been Bailey's tape (but it wasn't to Monegan), or
          Todd's inquiry (but that wasn't "pressure" on Monegan- it was following Law's website
          instruction to bring trooper concerns and complaints to the DPS Commissioner, and
          following Security Detail's request that Todd bring forth his concerns to the Commissioner
          - it wasn't a "pressure" call).

             Also, Channel 11 hacked Bailey's phone call and it sure sounded like they edited the
          tape (without any acknowledgement of doing so), taking his comments further out of
          context. Pls listen to their l0pm report and I think they need to correct and clarify that
          they edited his comments, if I heard that right.

            The more I think about ADN's follow-up questions to me, and having heard Channel il's
          report, the more I'm wondering if they're getting this wrong (and they need correcting)
          re: my answer to the specific question of whether I knew of any "pressuring Monegan"
          calls. I still don't believe there were any - and I totally disagree with Walt's assertion
          that Bailey and Krietzer and Todd and Tibbles specifically "pressured" him. And Talis'
          call wasn't pressure either.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023015
