Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

               From:    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [/O--SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                        GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KYPERRYJ
               Sent:    Friday, August 15, 2008 11:55 AM
               To:      Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
               Subject: Re: what about this?
              Sharon, please give me a call to further discuss edits. Thanks.


              From : Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              To: ExternalEmailgsp ; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Sent: Fri Aug 15 11 :41:28 2008
              Subject : what about this?


                       Governor Pallin, Trig to Attend Baby Shower to Benefit Soldiers

              August 14, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced she will
              attend a baby shower next week and that all gifts will be donated to help military families.
              Proceeds will benefit the Family Ties Foundation. The foundation is a non-profit
              organization created to provide immediate support for the military families of wounded
              service members deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring
              Freedom. The event is being hosted by local morning radio personalities Bob and Mark from
              106.5 KWHL.

              "My family has been so blessed by the arrival of Trig. It is my honor to share that blessing
              with our men and women in uniform through this event," Governor Palin said. "I invite all
              Alaskans who'd like to support our wonderful military families to participate."

              The event will take place at Romano's restaurant, on Fireweed Lane at C Street, on Monday
              from 5 to 7 p. m. Romano's restaurant will donate a portion of the sales from the evening to
              the Family Ties Foundation.



              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
              Sent: Friday, August 15, 2008 10:39 AM
              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject: Re: baby shower - please review

              I'll not be hosting it, kwhl is hosting. But I invite all alaskans who'd like to support our wonderful
              military families to participate! Kris- can u think of a powerful quote to put in there re: we've
              been blessed with trig, nows a fun opportunity to bless others through kwhl's event. ?

              Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


              From : "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
              Date: Fri, 15 Aug 200810:36:49 -0800
              To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
              Subject: baby shower - please review
                       Governor Palin, Trig to Attend Baby Shower to Benefit Soldiers


              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0023011
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 2 of 2



             August 14, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced she will host a baby
             shower next week and that all gifts will be donated to help military families. Proceeds will benefit
             the Family Ties Foundation. The foundation is a non-profit organization created to provide
             immediate support for the military families of wounded service members deployed in support of
             Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom . The event is being organized by local
             morning radio personalities Bob and Mark from 106.5 KWHL.

             The event will take place at Romano 's restaurant, onFireweed Lane at C Street, on Monday from 5
             to 7 p .m. Romano's restaurant will donate a portion of the sales from the evening to the Family
             Ties Foundation.




             Sharon Leighow
             Deputy Press Secretary
             Deputy Communications Director

             (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
             (907) 465-4031 Juneau
             (907) 240-7943 cell




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                           PRA_GSP0I_0023012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page I of I


              Unknown

               From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@dlaska.gov]
               Sent:    Friday, August 15, 2008 10:53 AM
               To:      'jpglenn67@yahoo.com'
               Subject: RE: encouragement
              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you
              have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
              every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
              person in this office who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment.



              From : John Glenn [mailto:jpglenn67@yahoo.comj
              Sent: Thursday, August 14, 2008 4:27 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: encouragement

              Dear Governor Palin,

              I am a father of a large Alaskan family living on Haystack, north of Fairbanks. I want you to
              know how much we appreciate your integrity and courage in doing what's right for Alaskans.
              Don't be discouraged by the attacks of your enemies or the help given them by the media. We
              know that you are serving us.

              We are confident you are an answer to prayer. God has placed you where you are. We are
              praying for you and yours... rejoicing in God's blessing and grace given along with a few trials
              and tears. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Flee to Him often. The
              Lord is on my side; what can man do unto me?

              I know He is faithful and will help you with all your burdens. Confide everything in your
              husband also. He is God's hand in your life.

              Yours in Christ,
              John P. Glenn




              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0023013
