Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I


               Unknown

               From :     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [randall.ruaro@alaska.gov]
               Sent:      Saturday, August 16, 2008 10:49 AM
               To:        'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
               Cc:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
               Subject: Court of Appeals Nominations
              Governor.

              I have been preparing for the interviews with the 3 candidates. A position on the Alaska Court of Appeals
              is much different than a position on either the District Court or the Superior Court The Court of Appeals
              deals only with criminal cases. The Alaska Supreme Court rarely accepts petitions for review of a
              decision of the Court of Appeals. This means the Court of Appeals often makes the final decision in a
              criminal case. This gives the Court of Appeals the opportunity to "make" the law as it interprets statutes
              and the Alaska Constitution. The Court often applies the right of Alaskans to privacy in cases involving
              drug dealers.

              Brown v. State is an example of a recent case where the Court of Appeals made the law. In Brown, an
              officer stopped a car in Fairbanks for a traffic infraction at 3:00 am. The officer asked the driver if she
              would consent to a search of the vehicle. The driver said yes. The officer searched the car and found a
              crack pipe and cocaine. The driver was convicted on a drug charge but appealed the search. The driver
              said that even though she said the officer could search the car, it was still an illegal search. The Court of
              Appeals agreed and reversed her conviction. In the decision, the Court noted that under the U.S.
              Constitution and decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court the conviction would have been upheld but that
              Alaska law needed to be different.

              I would like to ask questions of the candidates on the role of precedent in the law, how they view their role
              as a judge - to interpret the law or to actively make the law from the bench, ask them about some specific
              cases like Brown v. State, and how they view the role of the judicial branch in relation to the Legislative
              and Executive Branches. But I do not want to take up all the time allowed so your questions do not get
              answered.

              We have received a letter from a former prosecutor, Jim Hanley, who practiced against Mr. McCoy when
              Mr. McCoy was a public defender strongly opposing his nomination. I will bring it with me.

              Randy




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0023032
