Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                 From:    McAllister, William D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=WDMCALLISTER]
                Sent:     Friday, August 15, 2008 2:32 PM
                To:       'gov.Sarah@yahoo.com'             V
                Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
                Subject: Channel 11 request

              Governor.

              Channel 11 is requesting fresh audio from you for some s          follow-Lip                     c. But they
              have no new angle on it, at least that they shared with us. Privileged or Personal Material Reda

              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

              For what it's worth,

              -Bill




              8/31/2009



                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0023022
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page I of 2



               Unknown

                From:     Balash , Joseph R (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=JRBALASH)
                Sent:     Friday, August 15, 2008 11:31 AM
                To:       gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Cc:       Crome; Cora J (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Response Statement on "Anglo American's Track Record"

              FYI.


              From: Henry, Paul [mailto:PHenry@angloamerican.co.za]
              Sent: Fri 8/15/200810:57 AM
              To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)
              Subject: Response Statement on "Anglo American's Track Record"

              Dear Joe,

              Apologies for overloading your inbox but I thought you might be interested in reading Anglo's response
              to the recent attack on our track record and our statement on that response. I hope you find this useful
              and if you have any questions please give me a call.

              Phillip Mattera's report, commissioned by the Renewable Resources Coalition and Nunamta Aulukestai,
              is filled with inaccurate, selective, incomplete and distorted representations of Anglo American's
              environmental and operational record. As part of our commitment to transparency, we have compiled a
              detailed analysis of Mr. Mattera's report in order to set the record straight.

                 ·     While Mr. Mattera positions his report as a review of Anglo American's record, he presents
                      only one side of the story. His report selects a small number of cases from Anglo American's
                      corporate history of over 90 years. It ignores the many instances of Anglo American's
                      commitment to raise operational standards, upgrade technologies and processes, protect the
                      environment, mitigate problems, and work in concert with the communities around our
                      facilities.
                 ·     His report refers to several historical issues dating back many decades, when today's stringent
                      environmental regulations were not in place. It also fails to recognize that many of the problems
                      he cites were at facilities which were constructed and operated by other entities before coming
                      under Anglo American ownership. In all of these instances, our company has made documented
                      progress in improving conditions and correcting problems.
                 ·     The problems areas "uncovered" by Mr. Mattera are ones that we ourselves have already
                      identified, publically acknowledged, and addressed.

             Anglo American is committed to sustainable practices and active stewardship of the environment while
             respecting the people and cultures where we operate - and this commitment has been recognized by
             many international environmental and sustainability organizations. We have an established track record
             of conserving and protecting environmental resources through the efficient use of energy and water,
             minimizing waste and reducing pollution.

             Anglo American Chief Executive Cynthia Carroll, speaking in Anchorage in October 2007, has already
             committed to bringing Anglo's international best practices to the proposed Pebble Project. She stated


              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023023
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2


              "We do not want to and will not be associated with a mine that damages Alaska's fisheries and wildlife.
              If a mine cannot be planned in a way that provides proper protections, it will not be built."

              Anglo American is proud to bring these strengths to Alaska, and to let the facts of our record speak for
              themselves.

              For more information visit w .angloamerican.co.uk

              Kind Regards,
              Paul A Henry

              Anglo American US (Pebble) LLC
              301 West Northern Lights Boulevard,
              Anchorage, Alaska, AK 99510-0600

              Work     +1 907 279 2287
              Fax      +1 907 279 2247
              Cell     +1907 3174162
              BB       +1604 764 6086
              e-mail   phenryyangloamerican.co.za




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023024
