Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [annette.kreIzer@ataska.gov]
          Sent:                    Sunday, August 17, 2008 12:56 PM
          To:                      Lucy James; Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
          Subject:                 RE: Troopers


          Ms. James:

          You obviously have misinformation about a routine end-of-budget year exercise where short-
          term non-perm positions are audited. It is up to the Department of Public Safety to
          determine whether it wants to continue these positions.



          Annette Kreitzer




          -----Original Message-----

          From: Lucy James [mailto:alaskal977@gmail.com]

          Sent: Sun 8 /17/2008 11:27 AM

          To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)

          Cc: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)

          Subject: Troopers




          So tell me Governor, what are you trying to accomplish by cutting the non-permanent
          employees at DPS. I' m sure this has something to do with filling trooper vacancies and
          supporting DPS but I just can't follow the logic.   Of course , I haven't followed your
          logic for some time. I'm hearing this is your pattern. If someone crosses you look out.
          I know you think you have the power now to do this but I think your day is coming.    What's
          sad is you've set women in Alaska back about 50 years with this scorned, vindictive and
          too stupid act of yours. This is so mind boggling that you would risk your political
          career for a vendetta. But hey, how the mighty have fallen.



          Oh, and Annette I hope your loyalty to the Governer is worth it. It's obvious you've been
          playing fast and loose with personnel policies while you've been Commissioner. I hope
          they bring you down too.



          Lucy




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023046
