Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 3


              Unknown

               From :    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Monday, August 18, 2008 12:09 PM
               To:       Wilken; Jessica M (GOV)
               Cc:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
               Subject: FW: "SMALL OIL AND GAS COMPETITOR' S MEETING WITH GOV. PALIN" North Slope and
                        Beaufort Sea 2008 Areawide lease sale_notice. pdf Call for compeptiton by granting all lease sales with
                        a 10 year terms, $5. minimum bid, set 12 .5% Royalty Rate NOW, PLease!l




              From . ddonkel@cfl.rr. com [mailto :ddonkel@cfl.rr.comj
              Sent: Sunday, August 17, 2008 9:09 PM
              To: Spencer, Kari L (GOV); Balash, Joseph 'R (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Pal!n, Sarah
              H (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: Mapmakers Alaska; PIRTLE BATES; Bill Bankston; David Boelens; Dan Britton; Paul L. Craig; David
              Creel; Danny S. Davis; ddoherty@renaissancealaska .com; Stuart Doshi; Barry Foote; Dan Gilbertson;
              James W. Givens; goaphill@hotmail .com; Dave Gross; Al Gross; Jerry Hodgden; jimwhite; Mark Landt;
              David W. Lappi; Robert James Newman; nickstepo@ gmail.com; Escopeta Oih; G.. Scott Pfoff; Robert
              Pledger; Patti Polk; Pound, Jim (LAA); Pat Shaw; Erica Snyder, Stan Snyder; Spencer, Kari L (GOV); Nick
              Stepovich; Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Bill VanDyke; Rick Wagner; Bob & Faith Warthen; Faith Warthen; Bruce
              D. Webb; James W. White; Jim Winegarner
              Subject: Re:"SMALL OIL AND GAS COMPETITOR'S MEETING WITH GOV. PALIN" North Slope and
              Beaufort Sea 2008 Areawide lease salenotice.pdf Call for compeptiton by granting all lease sales with a
              10 year terms, $5. minimum bid, set 12.5% Royalty Rate NOW, PLeaset!

              Dear Gov. Palin and Joe Balash

              We appreciate Joe Balash's willingness to meet with us however we really need Gov.
              Palin attendance and assistance , is that possible? If not please say so.

              If Gov. Palin wants to meet with us that would be what is needed now.

              With Gov. Palin's help, together with us small oil and gas competitors, we can and will
              benefit the People of Alaska by allowing small companies to provide more oil and gas at
              substantially lower cost.

             As Gov. Palin has said ; Alaskans ARE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR THIER GAS. We
             would like to help the Governor understand why we can not compete profitably under
             the current oil and gas policies and laws that where written during years of political
             corruption. I alone have 25 years of experience in trying to live with these policies and
             laws and the others small independents have much more to offer then I, but collectively
             we can help make Alaska more productive if we can just meet and share this special
             knowledge. with the Governor.

             We would like to have a time and a place scheduled for this most important meeting to
             help Alaska's small oil and gas competitors explore and drill for new discoveries!
             Together we can help Alaska with more oil and gas production now to ease America's
             Energy Crisis.




             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0023056
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 3


              Will you please meet with us and if so when and where? Please kindly respond at your earliest
              convenience.

              Sincerely.

              Daniel K. Donkel
              Ph: 386-226-4344
              Cell: 407-375-8500
              Fax: 386-252-3703
              ddonkel@cfl.rr.com
              546 Rio Vista Ave.
              Daytona Beach, Florida 32114
                - Original Message -
                From : Paul L. Craig
                To: ddonkelCa?cfl . rr.com
                Sent: Wednesday, August 06,2008 12:45 PM
                Subject: Re: North Slope and Beaufort Sea 2008 Areawide lease sale notice .pdf Call for compeptiton by
                granting all lease sales with a 10 year terms, $5. minimum bid, set 12 . 5% Royalty Rate NOW, PLease!!

                Dan... what meeting? Paul

                ddonkel@cfl.rr.com wrote:
                Dear Governor Palin, Commissionor Irwin and Kevin Banks and all Alaskans

                Many of us smaller oil and gas competitors are looking forward to the up coming meeting
                with Governor Sarah Palin at long last and we can not be more thankful for this historic
                meeting.

                Many believe the time has come to allow Alaskans to compete with the majors for more
                Alaskan oil and gas production and this up coming North Slope 2008 oil and gas lease sale is
                a smart time and place to start. America needs more Alaskans competing for more
                production of oil and gas and as Gov. Palin has indicated many times; more competitors in
                Alaska's oil and gas industry is desired. Let's make this happen and act now by granting the
                simply and reasonable changes found below for the up coming "North Slope and Beaufort
                Sea..NOTICE OF SALE". It has worked in the past and it is clearly "tried and true"!!

                Gov. Palin and her many supporters have asked for more competition in Alaska's oil and gas
                industry for a long time. With our nation's oil and gas shortage and these record high gasoline
                prices may I suggest doing what has worked in the past when Alaska was the largest oil
                producer in the Nation. I believe in Gov. Palin's way of doing great things with tried and true
                methods. So now that we all agree with Gov. Palin's noble efforts to increase competition in
                Alaska's oil and gas Industry, why not act now?


                HERE IS WHAT HAS WORKED IN THE PAST.

                If the DNR DOG would act now by simply reducing the cost that of the upcoming oil and gas
                lease sales and go back to the $5.00 per acre as the minimum bid of the Cash bonus bidding
                and ten (10) year Lease terms and Royalty Rate of 12.5% on all tracts on all Areawide oil and
                gas lease sales until Alaskans see the benefits of having Trans Alaskan oil Pipeline filled
                once again.


              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0023057
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3



               Alaska has lost 1 .4 million barrels per day and if you figure that loss at $100 dollars per barrel
               it would help us all to understand what is a stake here . It is time to bring real competition back
               to Alaska as Gov. Palin has indicated.

               If this simply plan is granted then this way Alaskans and Smaller competitors will not be
               consciously priced out of the Alaska 's oil and gas Industry. The facts to support Gov. Palin's
               call for more competition in Alaska are clearly on Gov . Palin's side.

               Almost all Areawide lease sales in the last 8 years have rarely received any bids on more
               then 3% of the total leases offered that means millions of acres of State oil and gas go every
               year with no bids and not benefit to the State and all Alaskans.

               It is time to support this plan unless Alaska's leaders want to keep Alaskans and smaller
               competitors kept out of the exploration and production business and let the "Major Oil and
               Gas Companies" continue produce over 95 % and control most all markets. The Majors are
               dearly enjoying record profits while Alaskan 's have been paying the highest gasoline prices in
               the nation , according to AAA on July 17. The small independents discover around 70% of all
               oil and gas fields in our nation why continue to price them and all Alaskans out of Alaska's oil
               and gas the business? See IPAA website.

               It will be a clear sign to many Alaskan voters before the Nov. Election where Alaska is
               heading if this simple request is ignored and not granted in my opinion. Please amend this
               Notice of sale to reflect these changes or please advise me on why this can not be done to
               better serve the best interest of the people of the State of Alaska , will you? Please see link to
               the "Notice of Sale", we are simply asking the Palin administration to amend this notice as
               stated above.
               http://www.dog.dnr.state.ak.us/oil/products/publications/northsIoge/nsaw2008/nsbs20O8 notice.pdf

               I have a great deal of respect for Commissionor Irwin and Gov. Palin for what they have said
               about attracting competition for new oil and gas exploration and production Alaska! As you
               know time is of the essence , please act know so we know our hope is real!

               Please respond so we can help you make Alaska better for all it's fine people . I offer any help
               I can provide, just let me know what others and I can do to help you.

               Sincerely Yours

               Daniel K. Donkel
               ddonkel ()cfl.rr.com
                       a




              9/18/2009


                                                                                                          PRA_GSP0I _0023058
