Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, August 18, 2008 2:18 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other


           Janice,

           We do have recipes do you want me to send her one or does the Gov. want to send a special,
           one??

           Donna



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, August 18, 2008 1:39 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Margie Gabrielle

           address: 5400 Union Jack Dr Wasilla AK 99654

            907-761-2716



           MESSAGE:

           Hi Sarah, I had lunch with Faye last week. She looks great and it sounds like they are
           doing good.  I have a favor, I have been tasked with trying to get a recipe from you for a
           Denali Cheer Fundraiser, they are putting together a cook book to sell, and one of the
           girls I work with Janice Peterson asked me if I could get one from you. I know you are
           super busy, but it would mean lot to them if you could do this. If you can you can send
           it to me or to Janice at cheermom@mtaonline.net. They have a little challenge going, one
           of the mom's got a recipe from Mark Beigich, and that's how it got stated that we want our
           Governor in the book! I think of you and the family all the time. And hope that you are
           doing good. I will breath a big sigh of releif when some of this is behind you. Does
           Kelly Goode work for you? She used to be the boss of me. You can give her my phone
           number and email if you want. I would love to talk and catch up with her. Take care



           Sincerely,


    I
           Margie Gabrielle



          mgabrielle@mta-telco.com




                                                                 I




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023059
