Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.govj
           Sent:                    Monday, August 18, 2008 9:28 AM
           To:                      Rintala; Jessalynn F (GOV)
           Cc:                      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Military__pnd Veterans-Affairs




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Saturday, August 16, 2008 11:58 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Military_and Veterans Affairs




           Web mail from: Mr. Bill Williams

           address: 12755 Sugarloaf Court Marysville CA 95901

             (530) 742-1056



           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




           My name is Bill Williams. I am a family of five and reside in California. I have always
           dreamed of visiting your wonderful state and possibly moving there when the time is right.
           I was fortunate enough to join several friends in planning for a hunting vacation on
           Kodiak Island.  It took me a year and a half to save the money for the trip. The trip was
           scheduled for Sept. 24, 2008. We booked the excursion through Homer Ocean Charters.




           I have two jobs.  I am a full time police officer and a member of the Air Force Reserves.
           I was recently notified I will be deploying to Iraq with the reserves. I had to make a
           decision.  I had to choose between spending time with my family or going on the trip. For
           me it was an easy decision, I chose to spend time with my family prior to the deployment.
           In addition, I would be able to utilize the vacation time to help off-set the reduced pay
           I would be earning while activated. Also, the money from the trip would be an extra help
           for Christmas presents for my children.




                                                                I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023072
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         My wife contacted Homer Ocean Charters because I have been working fourteen days straight
         and have not had a day off. I do not conduct personal business at work.    My wife
         explained the situation to Homer Ocean Charters and requested cancellation of the trip.
         They informed her I would not receive any money back with no exceptions. I had to cancel
         the trip 120 days in advance to receive any money back.




         I understand there are rules and regulations that must be.followed. I also know there
         must be exceptions in certain circumstances. I had no control over this deployment. I
         will serve my country proudly and I will make sure I get all my men home safely. I do not
         feel it is right to be penalized for fighting for this country that allows companies like
         this to make rules with "no exceptions."




         I am very disappointed in this company and its lack of support for the military and the
         United States.  Over 4,000 men and women have died in Iraq and this is how Homer Ocean
         Charters shows its support. I personally feel it is an affront to every person who serves
         in the United States Military. I hope this company does not treat the soldiers from
         Alaska like this.




         I am not asking for any help to retrieve compensation from Homer Ocean Charters. I did
         sign the contract that said I had to cancel 120 days in advance. I will accept my
         responsibility and deal with it. Unfortunately, my family has to suffer as well. I am
         very disappointed with Homer Ocean Charters and needed to inform someone of this company's
         lack of support. I am positive the people who work at Homer Ocean Charters would have a
         different opinion if it was one of them or their family members having to deploy to Iraq.




         Thank you very much for letting me voice my dissatisfaction. I would appreciate it if
         someone from your office could call Homer Ocean Charters at (907)235-6212 and explain to
         these. people the meaning of dedication, service, and sacrifice. Obviously they have not
         encountered these concepts in their lifetime.




         I will continue to serve my community and country with no reserve or regrets. Hopefully I
         will be able to visit your wonderful state in the future. Moving to Alaska has been a
         dream of mine for a long time. I know there are great people in your state.
                                                     2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023073
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unfortunately, Homer Ocean Charters tarnished that image for me.




           Bill Williams




           bawilliams@wildblue.net
