Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
           Sent:                    Monday, August 18, 2008 12:26 PM
           To:                      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, August 18, 2008 7:52 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Kathryn McDevitt

           address: 2910 E 57th Ave,Ste5,PMB # 236 Spokane WA 99223




           MESSAGE:

           A few weeks ago I spoke to someone in the governor's office about a beautifully made home
           move (35 millimeter now on DVD) take by my grandfather of the Yukon River Boat Tour in
           1948.  The person I talked to said that she would convey my message on to someone in your
           office dealing with tourism (I suppose...). I had wondered if anyone would be at all
           interested in reviewing this DVD clip to see if all or any part of it might be useful in
           promoting tourism in Alaska.  Admittedly, the vogueing and posing of my grandfather and
           his guests on the trip was a bit corny, but, of course, that part can easily be omitted.




           Pleast respond as to whether you would be interested in having me send along a copy. I am
           now in the process of making a copy of the DVD for myself and could either send that one
           which could then easily be returned to me in the mail, or I could have a separate copy
           made and forwarded to your office or that of a tourism related staff member. As I
           mentioned in my phone conversation, I am not considering a home movie as a source of
           financial value, but in a more artisitic and historical sense since I feel the quality,
           color., etc. is amazing considering the era in which the movie was made and how long it has
           been stored.




           Please inform-     My cell phone number is (509) 263-5681. I will be travelling for the next
                                                               1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023077
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          few days so a phone call might be the surest method of contacting me since I will not be
          returning to Spokane to pick up my mail for at least one week.




         Thank you,




         Kathy McDevitt



         mcdevk@hotmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0023078
