Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2


               Unknown

                From :    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                Sent:     Tuesday, August 19, 2008 11:01 PM
                To:       Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV); Kreitzer; Annette E (DOA)
               Subject: Fw: tonight's story
               Please do what you can to get the truth out to alaskans (see emails below). Tonight's news stories
               regarding trooper "cuts and lay offs" take the cake.
               KTUU announced troopers will "learn their fate tomorrow".
               Absolutely bizarre.

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Date: Wed, 20 Aug 2008 06:58:15 +0000
               To: M Nizich<mike.nizich@alaska.gov>; Kris Peny<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Re: tonight's story

               This is all unbelievable..I am thankful that Bill sent this. Don't know what else to say or do about
               any of the biased, unfair reports that are being fed to Alaskans. Tonight's "trooper cuts" stories
               take the cake.
               Hopefully Karen and Annette can get the truth out there, and DPS personnel will participate in
               the truth-telling that Alaskans desire and deserve to hear.
               Wonder where lawmakers are on this, as they approved the trooper increases we fought for.

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>
               Date: Tue,19 Aug 2008 22:36:21 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Fw: tonight's story

               So you know bill sent this and is requesting a response . Annette tried contacting glass on this. Bill also
               tried calling megan peters as well.


              From: McAllister, William D (GOV)
              To: smacdonald@ktuu.com
              Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Sent: Tue Aug 19 17:58:23 2008
              Subject : tonight's story

              Steve:

              I'm not copying Jill on this because I want you to have control of this e-mail.

              Tonight's story at 5 was horrifying. To bring up a sensational murder and rape, to throw in Monegan, and
              then to talk about phantom budget cuts with no attribution was simply appalling to the governor, as well as
              to me.




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023094
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


               I e-mailed Jill twice on this point beforehand, but apparently it needs to be said over and over. The governor's
               office has done nothing. Nothing, nada, no way. There is no story here, at least as concerns us.

               The personnel office within the Department of Administration sent out a message to every state department
               concerning non-permanent positions. My understanding is this is pretty much standard operating procedure, but
               in any case there was no effort to target a department, let alone a division within a department. This concerns all
               of state government, and is handled by Admin, not by the governor's office. By raising Monegan's firing in the
               intro, the obvious implication is that the governor has something to do with pending cuts in the cold case unit or
               elsewhere. (And what was meant by saying the troopers would learn their fate tomorrow? Says who?)

               I pleaded with Jill to get her answers from the Department of Public Safety - it's their budget, after all - but all we
               saw was the union guy on the screen. If the acting commissioner and/or others are not commenting, then please
               say so. Don't leave the impression that the governor's office is stonewalling. This has nothing to do with us.

               And it sure would be nice to know where all of this is coming from. Jill cited no sources for these alleged budget
               cuts.

               I would like a response, please.

               -Bill




                9/18/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0023095
