Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2


              Unknown

              From:      Nizich , Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICHJ
              Sent:      Tuesday, August 19, 2008 11:09 PM
              To:        'gov.sarah@yahoo .com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
              Subject: Re: tonight's story
             Governor, I am confident that once we get new leadership in the department this misinformation will get
             fixed. We do not have any support there at the moment it is painfully obvious who is running the
             department right now and our temp management is not doing anything to respond . It will get corrected
             soon.


             From: gov.sarah @yahoo.com
             To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
             Sent: Tue Aug 19 22:58 : 15 2008
             Subject: Re: tonight's story

             This is all unbelievable. I am thankful that Bill sent this. Don't know what else to say or do about
             any of the biased, unfair reports that are being fed to Alaskans. Tonight's "trooper cuts" stories
             take the cake.
             Hopefully Karen and Annette can get the truth out there, and DPS personnel will participate in
             the truth-telling that Alaskans desire and deserve to hear.
             Wonder where lawmakers are on this, as they approved the trooper increases we fought for.

             Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


             From : "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mikenizich@alaska.gov>
             Date: Tue, 19 Aug 2008 22:36:21 -0800
             To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)<kris.perry@alaska.gov>
             Subject : Fw: tonight's story

             So you know bill sent this and is requesting a response. Annette tried contacting glass on this . Bill also
             tried calling Megan peters as well.


             From: McAllister, William D (GOV)
             To: smacdonald@ktuu.com
             Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
             Sent: Tue Aug 19 17:58:23 2008
             Subject: tonight's story

             Steve:

             I'm not copying Jill on this because I want you to have control of this e-mail.

            Tonight's story at 5 was horrifying . To bring up a sensational murder and rape , to throw in Monegan, and
            then to talk about phantom budget cuts with no attribution was simply appalling to the governor , as well as
            to me.

            I e-mailed Jill twice on this point beforehand , but apparently it needs to be said over and over: The
            governor's office has done nothing . Nothing, nada, no way. There is no story here, at least as concerns
            us.



             9/18/2009



                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023144
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2



              The personnel office within the Department of Administration sent out a message to every state department
              concerning non-permanent positions . My understanding is this is pretty much standard operating procedure, but
              in any case there was no effort to target a department, let alone a' division within a department This concerns all
              of state government, and is handled by Admin, not by the governor's office. By raising Monegan 's firing in the
              intro, the obvious implication is that the governor has something to do with pending cuts in the cold case unit or
              elsewhere. (And what was meant by saying the troopers would learn their fate tomorrow ? Says who?)

              I pleaded with Jill to get her answers from the Department of Public Safety - it's their budget, after all - but all we
              saw was the union guy on the screen . If the acting commissioner and/or others are not commenting, then please
              say so. Don't leave the impression that the governor 's office is stonewalling . This has nothing to do with us.

              And it sure would be nice to know where all of this is coming from. Jill cited no sources for these alleged budget
              cuts.

              I would like a response, please.
              -Bill




    I




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0023145
