Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Goode, Kelly C (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                     GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/C N=KCGOODE]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, August 20, 2008 7:07 AM
            To:                      'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'; McAllister, William D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Nizich;
                                     Michael A (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
            Cc:                      Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld; Karen J (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: Lay Offs?


            Governor,



            The legislative liaison position was most recently held by Lauren Rice; however since her
            departure the position remains vacant. We hope to fill it once the search committee is
            completed.  I'd be glad to speak to someone else in the department if need be.



            Also, I believe it was Glass who mentioned DPS was given until later in August to decide
            what recommendations they will bring forward re: temp and non-perm positions.



            Kelly



            ----- Original Message -----

            From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

           To: McAllister,.William D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Ruaro,
           Randall P (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV)

           Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Rehfeld, Karen J (GOV)

           Sent: Wed Aug 20 04:59:59 2008

           Subject: Lay Offs?



           Bill- pls find out if Megan Peters was absent from work yesterday, hence KTUU's inability
           to get any answers from DPS regarding their claims that troopers may be laid off.

              Mike- pls ask Mr. Glass why KTUU had to report that they didn't get answers, and also
           ask what this story was about anyway. What troopers may get laid off? Who does he believe
           directed or approved this? And what happens today - as it was reported "troopers will
           learn their fate tomorrow"?

              Kelly- pls ask their leg liasion if there' s some misunderstanding that the DPS budget
           was cut by lawmakers , thus necessitating lay offs ( as PSEA has been claiming in their
           media interviews)... and remind the liasion that we increased their budget and no one from
           admin has directed lay offs and we're unaware of any need to pink slip troopers - in fact
           quite the opposite we're anxious to learn of their actions towards an aggressive
           recruiting plan so they can add more necessary troopers. ( Karen and Annette have more
           details if they're unclear on what the legislature did in actually approving INCREASED
           line items for DPS.)

              Obviously nothing makes sense in the recent media reports regarding claims that
           troopers will learn their fate today re: threatened pink slips, but it will be helpful to
           learn why DPS didn't have responses to KTUU last night, why PSEA would ever claim that lay
                                                                  1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023172
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            offs may be pending . ( and how the tragic Bonnie Craig murder case would be relevant to
            this, as KTUU suggested ), and-what is special about August 20 as that's the date troopers
            will reportedly learn their fate?

               Very unfair to the public to have all these unanswered questions so it ' s imperative the
            answers are quickly assimilated and aggressively presented to Alaskans today - so those
            whom we serve may have the confidence in their public safety organization that they
            deserve, and so citizens aren't left confused as to what we just accomplished with the
            legislature in terms of budget increases and contract negotiations . A press conf with
            Annette's participation ( and DPS leadership ) is warranted on this - that may be the only
            way to get the truth out there . Short of that , a press release clarifying and correcting
            all.the recent erroneous reports must go out today so I'd like Bill, Randy and Annette to
            do that as they get DPS leadership ' s clarifications on the record also. Truly, this is all
            horribly unfair to the public for them to be deceived concerning our intentions and
            actions with trooper positions . Thanks

            Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                         2




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0023173
