Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                Unknown
                 From:    Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RPRUARO]
                 Sent:     Thursday, August 21, 2008 8:11 AM
                 To:       Saddler, Daniel R (GOV)
                 Cc:      gov.palin@yahoo.com; Nizich; MichaelA (GOV)
                 Subject: Court of Appeals / Executive Director Parole Board / Boards and Commissions

              CONFIDENTIAL I DELIBERATIVE PROCESS PRIVILEGED

               Dan:

              in follow up to some of the questions still open from yesterdays interviews of Court of Appeals nominees, Judge
              Bolger has been on the bench for 11 years . (District Court for Valdez , Cordova, and Glenallen from Sept. 1997 to
              Sept. 2003./ Superior Court for Kodiak since then)

               For the list of General Character Reference Letters of each candidate , I have the following:

              Judge Joel Bolger

                   · Judge Fred Torrisi, Superior Court Judge
                   · Numerous Alaska attorneys
                   · Chief of Police, William H. Comer, Valdez
                   · Steve Cole, District Court Magistrate

              Susan Carney

                   · Numerous Alaska attorneys
                   · Margaret 1. Sullivan, retired Fairbanks Police Officer
                   · Judge Downes , Superior Court Judge

              Kevin McCoy

                  · Numerous Alaska Attorneys
                  · Rep. Les Gara (Frank spoke with him)

              From what I can tell, the only applicant we received a strong "No" letter on was Mr. McCoy. A former state
              prosecutor, Jim Hanley, who worked against Mr. McCoy in several cases wrote a very strong letter against him
              with the main objection being that Mr. McCoy would be a judicial activist "substituting his personal vision of what
              is best for that of the legislature and the people of Alaska".

              Please check your records and provide any additional names and input you have to the Governor.

              Also, please work on these tasks:


                 1. Check the deadline for making a decision and let the Governor know.
                 2. After the Governor makes a decision , contact applicants about 24 hours before we intend to make a public
                    announcement, thank them for applying , and let them know when the decision will be publicly announced.
                 3. Prepare a press release announcing the decision and run it past Sharon and Bill McAllister.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0023210
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2


                You can get a good description of the strong points of each candidate from their anolications For instance with
                Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




                Dan. I will talk to Mike about the request for the new person chosen by the Parole Board to be the Executive
                Director. Please contact Joe Schmidt and ask if he knows this individual and would recommend him as well.

                I would also suggest creating a calendar of deadlines related to making appointments . There are deadlines in
                statute for when some appointments have to be presented to the legislature . You may want to contact LAW for
                the assistance of an attorney to find all of these and figure them out. We don't want to miss any of these.
       i
                Thanks,

                Randy




                8/31/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0023211
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Re: energy rebate signing                                                                                        Page 1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From:     Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECI PIENTS/CN=RHUGHES)
                 Sent:     Thursday, August21, 2008 9:18 PM
                 To:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); McAllister; William D (GOV); 'gov. sarah©yahoo.com; Morgan ; Katryn L
                           (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Goode; Kelly C (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Mason; Janice
                           L (GOV); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
                 Subject. Re: energy rebate signing

               I believe they will know the amount on Sept 4-6. We've been discussing the public announcement event and
               were trying to coordinate it with your travel schedule and had been talking about doing the event on Monday,
               Sept. 8. So they will already know the amount before the 8th.


               From: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
               To: McAllister, William D (GOV); ExtemalEmailgsp; Morgan, Katryn L (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Hughes,
               Rosanne D (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S
               (DOR)
               Sent: Thu Aug 2121:03:24 2008
               Subject: RE: energy rebate signing

               I remember seeing that the amount of the PFD won't be available until closer to mid September. I can check in the
               morning.


               From:. McAllister, William D (GOV)
               Sent: Thu 8/21/2008 8:47 PM
               To: ExtemalEmailgsp; Morgan, Katryn L (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV); Hughes , Rosanne D (GOV); Goode, Kelly
               C (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)
               Subject: Re: energy rebate signing

              Let's get with Revenue in the morning and see if they can expedite the calculation, although I'm not sure that they can. But
              Monday should be a slow news day. Ideas on venue?




               Sent using BlackBerry


              ----- Original Message
              From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
              To: McAllister, William D (GOV); Morgan, Katryn L (GOV); Perry, Kristin Y (GOV ); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Goode,
              Kelly C (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

              Sent: Thu Aug 2120:39:39 2008
              Subject: Re: energy rebate signing

              Good point. Let's find a good place then to sign the $1200. When do we find out the perm fund amt?
              -----Original Message---
              From: Bill McAllister
              To: Kate Morgan



               9/1/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0023212
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Re: energy rebate signing                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


               To. Kris Perry
               To: Rosanne Hughes
               To: Kelly Goode
               To: M Nizich
               To: Governor Sarah Palin
               To: Sharon Leighow
               Sent: Aug 21, 2008 6:44 PM
               Subject: Re: energy rebate signing
           Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




               Sent using BlackBerry


              --- Original Message ----
              From: Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)
              To: Perry, Kristina Y. (GOV); Mason, Janice L (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Goode, Kelly C (GOV); McAllister,
              William D (GOV)

               Sent Thu Aug 21 18:34:48 2008
               Subject:




               The governor would like to sign the energy rebate bill in Kenai this Saturday. She would also like the LG to be present.


               Kate


              Sent from my BlackBeny® device from Cellular One




              9/1/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0023213
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           From:                    Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=KLMORGAN)
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21 , 2008 11:38 AM
           To:                      'sp@hslak.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Speech


           Thank you, Governor, I'll make sure to reference those speeches. Would you please send to
           my personal account at Privile ed or Personal Mat for any further emails related to this
           speech? Thank you very. much and I' l l see you in a few hours:)



           Kate



           -----Original Message-----

           From : sp@hslak.com [mailto : sp@hslak.com]

           Sent: Thursday , August 21 , 2008 11:34 AM

           To: Morgan , Katryn L (GOV)

           Subject: Speech



           My swearing-in ceremony speech is posted on the web, as Sean's is I believe. There are
           good points in there about a safe and healthy and prosperous (nation)... and then I make a
           point about it not mattering how much $ one has though because $ can not buy happiness,
           contentment, etc. I seem to remember the point I was trying to make was ."prosperity means
           fulfillment found in a doing a good job whether in or outside the home..." This may be
           relevant be it sounds like the theme the night I speak is "reform" and how that fits into
           a safe, healthy, prosperous nation.

              The "reform" message is right up our alley - and reformation should burn in the hearts
           of Americans as we all recognize that politics as usual is disenfranchising Americans from
           their govt.
                                                                                                                               ,r

              So, tying reform into how it can lead to a safer more prosperous nation may be
           something to focus on.

              And naturally the "safer nation" theme is about energy independence (and what AK has to
           offer with billions of barrels of oil, hundreds of trillions cubic feet of clean natural
           gas, PLUS the alternative/renewables) vs reliance on foreign sources of energy so we're
           not beholden to nor at the mercy of dangerous regimes that dislike America.

           Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T




                                                              I




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0023214
