Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
                 Sent:     Thursday, August 21, 2008 11:50 AM
                 To:       McAllister, William D (GOV)
                 Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Subject: Fw: Governor - please approve your quote

               Bill- if you're asked to comment about Hackney's suggestion that anyone's unethical in stating their personal
               opinion, pls use something like this:

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Date: Thu, 21 Aug 200819:48:15 +0000
               To: Sharon Leighow<sharon.leighow@alaskagov>
               Subject: Re: Governor - please approve your quote

               Good quote, thank you.
               Regarding another aspect of all this recent APOC complaining issue on both predator control AND the mining
               initiative:
               If you want to personalize my quotes more (if you believe it helps), say: "Alaskans expect me to give an opinion
               when asked, which is what I do in exercising my First Amendment rights when I'm asked about important issues
               affecting our state," Patin said. "I haven't hesitated in giving my personal opinion on predator control and the
               mining initiative, for instance, because Alaskans know by now Pll take a stand and share my opinion if they ask to
               hear it."

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From: "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Date: Thu, 21 Aug 2008 11:41:46 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               Subject: Governor - please approve your quote

              "I'm pleased that APOC's commissioners understood that the information we prepared was non -political and
              that we never intended to take sides in the debate on the ballot measure ," said Denby Lloyd, Commissioner
              of ADF&G. "There. has been a huge amount of public discourse on and public interest in predator
              management, and we knew, as did the Board of Game, that Alaskans would need factual materials about
              these important programs at this time of the year."

              Governor Sarah Patin agreed. "It is part of the mission of our state agencies to inform the public and to
              make sure they have access to the facts," she said. "When both sides of a political debate are making claims
              about an important public policy issue, our experts must be free to explain these programs to the public."


              Sharon Leighow
              Deputy Press Secretary
              Deputy Communications Director

              (907) 269-7450 Anchorage
              (907) 465-4031 Juneau
              (907) 240-7943 cell




               9/1/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0023230
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From:                   gov.sarah@yahoo.com
            Sent:                   Thursday, August 21 , 2008 11:39 AM
            To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Colberg; Tabs J (LAW)
            Cc:                      Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR); McAllister; William D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
            Subject:                 Re: APOC
      I

            Glad my statement's on record- I took off my Gov's hat, gave my personal opinion as
            Alaskans at this point expect me to not duck the obvious follow-up questions from,
            reporters when they ask about ballot props (that question: "well how will YOU, Sarah, be
            voting on the issue?")... and then I asked Alaskans to study up, make up their own minds,
            ignore the rhetoric on BOTH sides of the campaign, look at the website for info.

            ------Original Message------

            From: Tom Irwin

            To: Governor Sarah Palin

            To: Talis Colberg

            Cc: Marty Rutherford

            Sent: Aug 21, 2008 11:29 AM

            Subject: APOC



            Your statement about how you would personally vote on Measure 4 has been added to the APOC
            complaint as a supplemental filing.   Ruth and Ed will be at the APOC hearing at noon.
            Ruth will contact Tallis prior to the hearing and be prepared to answer the supplemental
            filing along with the complaint against DNR. Will keep. you up to date. God bless. Tom



            Sent from myBlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                                                                                   kF

                                                                   I




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0023231
