Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                  From:    Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [kate.morgan@alaska.govj
                  Sent:    Thursday, August 21 , 2008 2:01 PM
                  To:      'sp@hslak.com'
                  Cc:       Hanson ; Britta L (GOV)
                  Subject: Reminder. Photo Shoot

               Governor,

               Just a reminder that you and the First Family are scheduled to do a brief photo shoot promoting Alaskan
               agriculture directly after the Farm Family of the Year event , at or around 5:45 p . m. Franci has advised that we will
               likely stay close in that area and take the pic in front of a lovely flower bed (since its early for massive veggies
               and livestock). Also, you will all be wearing "Alaska Grown" sweatshirts, courtesy of Franci, in the photo, so that
               may influence what you choose to wear for wardrobe/footwear to the FFY event. I will be the photographer for the
               photo shoot (surprised? So was I ;), and I expect it to take about five minutes tops.

                Britta and I will be at the event at about 4 p.m. (45 minutes in advance of your amval ) to make sure everything is
                in order. Thanks so much and please let me know if you have any questions.

               Kate Morgan
               Communications Coordinator
               Office of Governor Sarah Palin
               (907) 269-7450




                9/1/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023225
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Untitled Document                                                                                Page 1 of I



                 Unknown

                 From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov)
                 Sent:    Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:01 PM
                 To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert: Annual College Readiness Report and State-By-State Data Released by
                          ACT, Inc.




               From: Stats [mailto:stats@wiche.edu]
               Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008.7:29 AM
               To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: WICHE Stat Alert : Annual College Readiness Report and State-By-State Data Released by ACT, Inc.




               Stat Alert -August 21, 2008:
               Annual College Readiness
               Report and state-by. state data
               released by ACT, Inc.
               ACT, Inc. has released its annual College Readiness Report
               ( http://www.act.org/news/data/08/pdf/National2008.pdf). It notes that the ACT was taken by more
               individuals than ever, but the average score slipped slightly compared to 2007, while the share of test-
               takers who demonstrated college readiness in four subjects fell by one percentage point. In addition to
               the national report, state-by-state data are available at http://www.act.org/news/data/08/index.html.

               The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
               communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or unsubscribe to the
               Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name, title, and organization to
               Cheryl Graves at cgraves@wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists are used only to support
               WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant issues in higher education policy and
               research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at
               http://wiche.edI /policy/Clearinghouse; which includes past Policy Alerts and Scat Alerts, as well as
               other studies, reports, surveys, and policy briefs.




               9/1/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0023226
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                          Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                From:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorralaska.gov)
                Sent:        Thursday, August 21 , 2008 12:20 PM
                To:          Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Putting Alaska First - August 2008



                                                                                                                                                                                    Ill


                If this newsletter does not display correctly , you can view it online here >>>

                0




                                                                                                                                                               August 2008



                      Energy Package, AGIA

                 I'm pleased to report to Alaskans that in early August, our                                       xJ Energy Package, AGIA
                 Alaska Legislature agreed to approve a one-time resource
                 rebate that returns part of our resource wealth to Alaskans -                    Legislators applaud Governor Pain and her staff for all then hard work on AGIA
                                                                                                   during an Aug. I press conference after the legislature awarded TC Alaska the
                 the owners in common of these resources. The rebate will be a                              AGIA loam to move forward and build Alaska's natural gas pipeline.
                 direct payment of $1,200 to each Alaskan eligible for the 2008
                 Permanent Fund Dividend. The resource rebate was part of a                                            LISTEN TO AUDIO: August 1, 2008 Press Conference
                 larger energy package that also includes a 50 percent increase
                 in the maximum loan amount for bulk fuel bridge and bulk fuel
                 revolving loan funds to communities and cooperatives.
                 Additionally, it suspends the state 's eight-cent motor fuel tax on
                 gasoline, marine fuel and aviation fuel for one year and
                 strengthens the Power Cost Equalization Program.

                 Our lawmakers also included an additional $60 million for the
                 Home Energy Rebate Program operated by the Alaska
                 Housing Finance Corporation and $50 million in grant funds to
                 the Renewable Energy Fund, bringing the total available for
                 renewable energy projects in FY 2009 to $100 million.

                The Legislature also authorized my administration to award the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act license to TransCanada Alaska
                to initiate development of a 1 ,715-mile natural gas pipeline from Prudhoe Bay on the North Slope to the Alberta Hub in Canada.
                Lawmakers also appropriated $35.5 million for gas pipeline expenditures , Including reimbursements for allowable expenses
                under the AGIA license to get moving toward a gasline.

                Our Legislature worked diligently to deal with these critical issues facing our state, and I thank them for their accomplishments.
                We estimate all three bills will be signed into law by the end of August.



                  0 Reportort Education in
                 Congratulations to the staff at the 294 Alaska pubic schools that made adequate yearly
                 progress under the federal No Child Left Behind (NCLB) standards for the 2007-2008 school
                 year. Our schools faced a higher bar in 2007-2008 for the percentages of students who score                                 Report on Education In
                 proficient In language arts and math assessments . Congratulations, also, to the many schools
                 that continue to improve in student achievement but may have fallen short in one or two of the
                 31 categories schools are held accountable for in NCLB.




               9/1/2009


                                                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0023227
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                        Page 2 of 3



                   0    workforce Development

                  We have some great news to share about a
                  successful partnership involving the Alaska
                  Department of Labor and Workforce
                                                                    "
                                                                       I
                                                                    u workforce Development
                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                   u workforce Development
                                                                                                                   l

                  Development. This venture produced the
                  Alaska Construction Academy , and now, more
                  than 2,300 middle and high school students
                  and 320 adults are teaming new skills - such
                  as carpentry, plumbing, electrical , welding and
                  drywall finishing. The academy started as a
                  pilot program in Anchorage to attract and train u
                  young people and adults to first jobs in the
                  Alaska construction industry. This program has
                  been so successful, academies are now in the
                  Kenai Peninsula , Fairbanks, Juneau,
                  Ketchikan and Mat-Su - and more will follow
                  elsewhere statewide. Graduates will help fits
                  the 1,000 construction jobs that are needed
                  annually.

                  The U.S. Department of Labor recently recognized the Alaska Department of Labor for excellence for its partnership efforts to
                  create the Construction Academy concept Your Alaska Department of Labor has partnered with Associated General
                  Contractors of Alaska , Alaska Works Partnership, Alaska home building associations and local school districts.

                 Out of the first group of 113 Anchorage adult graduates , 77 percent were hired and Increased their earnings 40 percent In the
                 two quarters following their training . Adult classes are offered at various times, based on community employer needs , and will
                 be expanded to include weatherization programs.




                  0 Decrease in Highway ,

                . Keeping Alaskans safe on our highways is a top priority of my administration . I'm pleased to         Decrease in Highway
                  report your state Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF) Highway Safety 0
                  Office reports highway fatalities in Alaska are down this year . Since July 28, Alaska has       VISITONUNE:
                  recorded 34 fatalities for the entire year of 2008 , and that number is below the decade-average A-ka Highway Sauey
                  of 46 at this point in the calendar year. Strict enforcement of laws regulating drunk driving,
                  reckless driving and seathelt use have contributed to this positive news.

                  TAKE THE CHALLENGE - state's online driver preparedness test

                       Shirley Demlentleff Memorial Bridge

                                                  On August 8, I was pleased to participate in an event honoring late Native leader Shirley
                                                  Demientieff of Nenana_ I joined with community members and leaders from around the state to
                                                  dedicate the Shirley Demientieff Memorial Bridge, and then transitioned to a community potlatch
                       Demientieff Memorial Badge at the Nenana Civic Center. Ms. Demientieff was remembered as a woman who was committed
                                                  to helping others and building bridges between cultures and communities all across Alaska.

                                                      VISIT GOOGLE MAPS: Where Is Nenana, Alaska?

                       Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors

                 I spent several days in Fairbanks in mid-
                 August, and was honored to participate in
                 the Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors
                 Center dedication on August 12. 1 joined
                 Alaska Native leaders from across the
                 state, Alaska's Congressional Delegation,
                 and more than 1,000 local community
                                                              I0   Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors
                                                                                                         I
                                                                                                             u Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors
                                                                                                             x

                 members and leaders to honor Morris
                 Thompson, the late Native leader who
                 made a difference in the lives of so many.




               9/l/2009


                                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                        Page 3 of 3


                  0    8th Annual Conference of Arctic

                 Also on August 12, 1 spoke to international leaders from Canada , Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia and Sweden at
                 the 8th Annual Conference of Arctic Parliamentarians . With the focus on human health In the Arctic , climate change in the
                 Arctic, and resource development in the Arctic, I shared Alaska's encouraging news regarding development of non-renewable
                 and renewable and alternative resources in Alaska . I was pleased to inform them of our gas pipeline progress and alternative
                 energy projects we have underway.

                          Until next time,
                            0
                          Governor Sarah Palin



                 To subscribe, or unsubsrsibe, to this publication, follow this link http.//fist.state.ak.us/guest"RemoteListSunm   dGovemor Malling_List,

                           Looking for a printer verison - CLICK                              State of AIaskao,, Govemoro Webmaster n ContactsiLocetions^ Emil Governor




               9/1/2009


                                                                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023229
