Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@ alaska.govJ
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:47 PM
           To:                      'dreamer@alaska.net
           Subject:                 RE: Labor

           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:40 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Labor



           Web mail from: Ms. Audrey Aanes

           address: 11840 Moose Rd. Anchorage AK 99516

            907/345-0715



           MESSAGE:

           I'm excited to read your article regarding the Alaska Construction Academy in your recent
           newsletter.  Elders and people with disabilities in rural Alaska are in need of
           construction workers who are licensed, bonded and insured and capable of developing cost
           estimates and completing the work for building ramps and doing archetecturally accessible
           home modifications.



          Please include these issues within your Academy curriculums and increase the availability
          of Alaska Construction Academies in rural locations in Bristol Bay, the Yukon Kuskokwim,
          Bering Straits, and Northwest Arctic. I work with these issues and travel to these rural
          locations with both Arctic Access and Access Alaska, Alaska Independent Living programs.
          Thank you for your attention, Audrey Aanes



          dreamer@alaska.net




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0023296
