Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21 , 2008 12:44 PM
           To:                      'AVONDAPERRY@HOTMAIL.COM'
           Subject:                 RE: Education


           Thank you for writing. to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address.your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov].

           Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:32 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Education




           Web mail from: AVONDA PERRY

           address: PO BOX 200311 ANCHORAGE AK. 99520

            907 3370109



           MESSAGE:

          With so many schools in the Anchorage School District and the big push on welfare to work
          I dont understand why preschool hasnt been an issue. Currently only two schools in the
          Anchorage District offer preschool. At only 14 spaces available how many children are we
          really educationing and helping to prepare for school. It is a proven fact that the
          earlier children began learning the better. As a single parent I would surely appreciate
          being able to send my child to school this year. No I not a welfare receipent but a hard
          working tax payer that thinks it would only be fair that my child be allowed to attend
          preschool. I believe that education starts at home and my four year old daughter could
          very well handle herself in a kindergarten classroom however because of state law she is
          not old enough to go. I would appreciate any feed back you could give me on this currently
          my child is in line with many others I am assuming trying to get one of 14 spaces at
          Fairview Elementary. Maybe many

           parents dont mind their children being home for another year. But I do, in todays world if
           you want to make it you are going to need a good education and a good start helps. My
           daughter is learning her numbers and letters at home but she is now old enough and
           prepared to enter into school she, should be able to do so without the ASD over looking her
           because I live a few blocks outside of Fairview and dont make the funds to pay for private
          .preschool at the going rate of $560 a month.



          Again I would appreciate your prompt response to this matter as school as already started
          and the preschool year will began September 2, 2008.

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023297
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           AVONDAPERRY@HOTMAIL.COM




                                                      2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0023298
