Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:43 PM
           To:                      'aprif a fischer@hotmaii.com'
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008 10:02 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. April Fischer

           address: 4310 Marion Drive Juneau AK 99801

            907-463-3063



           MESSAGE:

           Hey Sarah! This is April, I met saw you at the Birth Center's grand opening.. .1 had that
           121b baby!  Haha!




          Anyways, I am writing you because I am thinking about reclocating to Wasilla. And who
          better to ask what Wasiila is like than you! :) I've been looking at some places online
          and I am just amazed! I am kinda nervous, I love Juneau but the cost of living here has
          motivated me to move. Its difficult to find a reasonable rental and being on Alaska
          Housing doesn't help.  So, I'm looking towards Wasilla/Palmer.  What is it like there? Is
          there any farms? I've always wanted to join a CSA. I know they have the fair in Palmer
           (always wanted to go). How's the crime? How are the elementary schools? Schools is a
          big one for me since I have 3 kids. What's the population in Wasilla? Palmer?




          Ok, I don't wanna go overboard... Love to hear back from ya!

                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0023299
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           THanks!




           -April



           april_a_fischer@hotmail.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0023300
