Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:32 PM
           To:                      Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
           Cc:                      Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other




           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008 9:13 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Ms. Deana Connell

           address : 1118 Water View Ln. OFallon MO 63366

            636-240-6355



           MESSAGE:

           I am praying that John McCain selects you for his Vice Presidential running mate!!!




           After reading, your bio., I would be thrilled for you to hold the 2nd highest office in our
           country!!  You are doing a great job in your state, and in your family. I have 4
           daughters (1 with special needs), and I admire you. Thank you for being a glimmer of
           light, and someone that we can actually admire in government. I will be helping John
           McCain here in Missouri, and I would be honored to be helping both of you get nominated!!




           I am praying that McCain picks someone amazing, and I think you are it!! Congratulations
           on the birth of your son!! I am 45 now, but my husband and I had been trying to have a
           5th child, now we are trying to adopt!




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0023301
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           My best to you and yur family!!




           Deana Connell



           deana.connell@yahoo.com




                                                      2




                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023302
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                             Page I of I


              Unknown

               From:     Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [kate.morgan@alaska.gov]
               Sent:    Thursday, August 21, 2008 2:01 PM
               To:       'sp@hslakcom'
               Cc:       Hanson; Britta L (GOV)
              Subject: Reminder. Photo Shoot
              Governor,

              Just a reminder that you and the First Family are scheduled to do a brief photo shoot promoting Alaskan
              agriculture directly after the Farm Family of the Year event, at or around 5:45 p.m. Franci has advised
              that we will likely stay close in that area and take the pie in front of a. lovely flower bed (since it's early for
              massive veggies and livestock). Also, you will all be wearing Alaska Grown" sweatshirts, courtesy of
              Franci, in the photo, so that may influence what you choose to wear for wardrobe/footwear to the FFY
              event I will be the photographer for the photo shoot (surprised? So was I ;), and I expect it to take about
              five minutes tops.

              Britta and I will be at the event at about 4 p.m. (45 minutes in advance of your arrival) to make sure
              everything is in order. Thanks so much and please let me know if you have any questions.

              Kate Morgan
              Communications Coordinator
              Office of Governor Sarah Palin
              (907)269-7450




   M,



              9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023303
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




     I

           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 200811:39 AM
           To:                      Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Colberg; Tarts J (LAW)
           Cc:                      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); McAllister, William D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: APOC


           Glad my statement's on record- I took off my Gov's hat, gave my personal opinion as
           Alaskans at this point expect me to not duck the obvious follow-up questions from
           reporters when they ask about ballot props (that question: "well how will YOU, Sarah, be
           voting on the issue?")... and then I asked Alaskans to study up, make up their own minds,
           ignore the rhetoric on BOTH sides of the campaign, look at the website for info.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Tom Irwin

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           To: Talis Colberg

           Cc: Marty Rutherford

           Sent: Aug 21, 2008 11:29 AM

           Subject: APOC



           Your statement about how you would personally vote on Measure 4 has been added to the APOC
           complaint as a supplemental filing.   Ruth and Ed will be at the APOC hearing at noon.
           Ruth will contact Tallis prior to the hearing and be prepared to answer the supplemental
           filing along with the complaint against DNR.  Will keep you up to date. God bless. Tom



           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                 1




                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0023304
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

                                    ... .
                  ce.:'+,roa^ cx,:nr.: ^wr .nuoca:a^eu,<:c..·.r,r:



               Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                               Page I of 3


               Unknown

               From:          Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemortalaska.govJ
               Sent:          Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:20 PM
               To:            Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Putting Alaska First- August 2008




                If this newsletter does not display correctly , you can view it onfine here >>




                 u Energy Package, AGIA
                 X

                I'm pleased to report to Alaskans that in early August, our
                                                                                                                I t_1 Energy Package, AGIA
                Alaska Legislature agreed to approve a one-time resource
                rebate that returns part of our resource wealth to Alaskans -                    Legislators applaud Governor Patn and her stz
                the owners in common of these resources. The rebate will be a                     during an Aug. 1 press conference after the let
                                                                                                           AGIA license to mare forward and bu
                direct payment of $1,200 to each Alaskan eligible for the 2008
                Permanent Fund Dividend. The resource rebate was part of a                                              LISTEN TO AUDIO: Aug
                larger energy package that also includes a 50 percent increase
                in the maximum loan amount for bulk fuel bridge and bulk fuel
                revolving loan funds to communities and cooperatives.
                Additionally, it suspends the state's eight-cent motor fuel tax on
                gasoline, marine fuel and aviation fuel for one year and
                strengthens the Power Cost Equalization Program.

                Our lawmakers also included an additional $60 million for the
                Home Energy Rebate Program operated by the Alaska
                Housing Finance Corporation and $50 million in grant funds to
                the Renewable Energy Fund, bringing the total available for
                renewable energy projects in FY 2009 to $100 million.

                The Legislature also authorized my administration to award the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act license ti
                to initiate development of a 1,715-mile natural gas pipeline from Prudhoe Bay on the North Slope to the ,
                Lawmakers also appropriated $35.5 million for gas pipeline expenditures, including reimbursements for E
                under the AG1A license to get moving toward a gasline.

               Our Legislature worked diligently to deal with these critical issues facing our state, and I thank them for tl
               We estimate all three bills will be signed into law by the end of August.


                      Report on Education In
                EXI
                Congratulations to the staff at the 294 Alaska public schools that made adequate yearly
                progress under the federal No Child Left Behind (NCLB) standards for the 2007-2008 school
                year. Our schools faced a higher bar in 2007-2008 for the percentages of students who score
                proficient in language arts and math assessments. Congratulations, also, to the many schools
                that continue to improve in student achievement but may have fallen short in one or two of the
                31 categories schools are held accountable for in NCLB.


                x
                u     Workforce Development

               We have some great news to share about a



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0023305
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                          Page 2 of 3


                successful partnership involving the Alaska
                                                                                                                   C Workforce Development
                Department of Labor and Workforce
                Development. This venture produced the
                Alaska Construction Academy, and now, more
                than 2,300 middle and high school students
                and 320 adults are learning new skills - such
                as carpentry, plumbing, electrical, welding and
                drywall finishing. The academy started as a
                pilot program in Anchorage to attract and train
                young people and adults to first jobs in the    D
                Alaska construction industry. This program has
                been so successful, academies are now in the
                Kenai Peninsula, Fairbanks, Juneau,
                Ketchikan and Mat-Su - and more will follow
                elsewhere statewide. Graduates will help fill
                the 1,000 construction jobs that are needed
                annually.

                The U.S: Department of Labor recently recognized the Alaska Department of Labor for excellence for its partnership efforts to
                create the Construction Academy concept. Your Alaska Department of Labor has partnered with Associated General
                Contractors of Alaska, Alaska Works Partnership, Alaska home building associations and local school districts.

                Out of the first group of 113 Anchorage adult graduates, 77 percent were hired and increased their earnings 40 percent in the
                two quarters following their training. Adult classes are offered at various times, based on community employer needs, and will
                be expanded to include weatherization programs.



                 u
                 x   Decrease in Highway

                 Keeping Alaskans safe on our highways is a top priority of my administration . I'm pleased to
                                                                                                                   J Decrease in Highway
                 report your state Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF) Highway Safety
                 Office reports highway fatalities in Alaska are down this year. Since July 28, Alaska has        VISIT ONLINE:
                 recorded 34 fatalities for the entire year of 2008, and that number is below the decade- average Alaska Hlytrway saner
                                                                                                                  Office,
              c:] of 46 at this point in the calendar year. Strict enforcement of laws regulating drunk driving,                                       D
               . reckless driving and seatbelt use have contributed to this positive news.

                TAKE THE CHALLENGE - state 's online driver preparedness test

                L@ Shirley Demientieff Memorial Bridge

                                                    On August 8, i was pleased to participate in an event honoring late Native leader Shirley
                                                    Demientieff of Nenana . I joined with community members and leaders from around the state to
                                                    dedicate the Shirley Demientieff Memorial Bridge, and then transitioned to a community potlatch
                 R, Demientieff Memorial Bridge     at the Nenana Civic Center. Ms. Demientieff was remembered as a woman who was committed
                                                    to helping others and building bridges between cultures and communities all across Alaska.

                                                    VISIT GOOGLE MAPS: Where is Nenana, Alaska?

                [ J Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors

               I spent several days in Fairbanks in mid-
               August, and was honored to participate in
               the Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors
               Center dedication on August 12. t joined
               Alaska Native leaders from across the
               state, Alaska's Congressional Delegation,
               and more than 1,000 local community
                                                          11 xX1
                                                             1 Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors
                                                                                                         I   C Morris Thompson Cultural & Visitors


               members and leaders to honor Morris
               Thompson, the late Native leader who
               made a difference in the lives of so many.


                ^ 8th Annual Conference of Arctic

               Also on August 12. I spoke to international leaders from Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia and Sweden at
               the 8th Annual Conference of Arctic Parliamentarians. With the focus on human health in the Arctic, climate change in the



              9/18/2009



                                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01 0023306
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                               Page 3 of 3


                 Arctic, and resource development in the Arctic, I shared Alaska's encouraging news regarding development of non-renewable
                 and renewable and alternative resources in Alaska. I was pleased to inform them of our gas pipeline progress and alternative
                 energy projects we have underway.

                         Until next time,
                          Irk
                        Governor Sarah Patin


                To subscribe, or unaubsatbe, to this publication, follow this lthk http7/1st.slote.ak.us/guestA2emoteListSunanwy/Governor AW    List.
                     X] Looking for a printer verison - CLICK                            State of Ataskav . Governor--. Webmaster,         Contacts/Locations- Ernst Governor.




             9/18/2009


                                                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0023307
