Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 2008 9:56 AM
          To:                      'Nychelle 7@hotmail.com'
          Subject:                 RE: Other


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov}

          Sent: Wednesday, August 20, 2008 7:08 PM

         .To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. Evita Samuels

          address: PO Box 1202 Nome AZ 99762

           907-443-4509



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Sarah Palin, Permanent Fund Dividend Division, and the State of Alaska Commission,




         My name is Evita Nichell Samuels. I am 27-year-old African-American, yet still a native
         Alaskan. I was born in Anchorage, Alaska, but when I was nine my dad decided his job
         opportunities as a Physician Assistant would better be utilized and rewarded in Nome,
         Alaska. He was flying back and forth from Nome to Anchorage until.it became too expensive
         to do so. He decided that December 1991 we would all move to Nome.




         Life in Nome was no small feat, and while I now appreciate Nome's small town, big family
                                                              1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0023311
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          atmosphere it was not like that in the beginning for me. Now everyone treats my family
          (The Samuels) quite respectfully. When I first moved to Nome I realized I was different
          than the other kids, while before in Anchorage (as Anchorage is a melting pot of cultures)
          I was treated as just another one of the kids. The education in Anchorage, I found put me
          quite ahead of my classmates in Nome. I could spell and read better than most kids in my
          class in Nome. In Nome, they would call me out of name with names , like "Satan," and the
          'n' word. In Anchorage there were many things for a kid to learn and explore-the space
          museum I remember going to as young child comes to mind, as well as, the Lusac library I
          would frequent every chance I would get. When I was forced to forsake my untainted in life
          Anchorage and first stepped into my new classroom.in Nome, I knew my life would never,
          ever be the same.




          Anchorage was filled with people of all races-however I did not know race mattered, nor
          did I even know the concept of how race plays in life. While, I am sure I would not have
          honored or perhaps been aware of the people of this land-the Eskimo-as well as I do now
          (because of my location in Alaska), I do often wonder what my life would have been like
          had I never moved to bush Alaska. It was hard living in a place where even the parents
          encouraged their kids to call me such horrible racial epithets and the teachers and
          principal only mildly scolded the children. My parents would say just "ignore it." It was
          very hard to have a sense of self and pride of being who I was-a young black child in this
          young minded town. My only consolation sometimes was too look at black athletes like
          Michael Jordan and entertainers such as, Missy Elliot and look in admiration that an
          African-American could be so talented. It would help me hope, it would help me keep some
          sort of pride for myself. Watching

          them on tv, though I was thousands of miles away, helped me overcome my sadness and
          loneliness. Even now, I suffer from bouts of depression that sometime interrupt my life.
          And I have sought professional counseling, rather than drugs or alcohol to help alleviate
          the pains of depression. I do not hate the native people of this state and I was blessed
          that I did not veer towards that way of thinking. In fact, I have many native friends and
          I date an Eskimo man. Yet, it is still hard to shake what has happened to me.




          Growing up for me was confusing. I often wrote short stories about slavery and the like
          even though my teachers would not assign me to do so. From fourth grade to fifth grade I
    I     was gaining some friends, but I still never told my parents how much living in Nome
          affected my sense of worth. As I went through adolescence ( some of the hardest times in a
          person's life) I could be sure that I would not be dated because of my skin color. In
          fact, I did not have a boyfriend until I was in college. I was scared to go to college
          because I thought I would be too different to my peers at the school in Kentucky my dad
          encouraged me to go to. Soon after I graduated from high school I very much remember
          crying in the room I shared with my sister. I cried into my pillow for what seemed like no
          reason. No one had done anything to me I was just immensely sad. As if I did not know what
          life would hold for me after all this. That is the best I could think of regarding this
          very peculiar purge of feelings-

          a real guttural cry from my soul.




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPO1 0023312
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           My college experience taught me a lot about life, even about myself . I found that despite
           my goal and expectancy to focus on college and graduating , I deeply cared about making
           friends and keeping them . I also was also concerned with building a strong boy-girl
           relationship. I would not have known that the pursuit of the basic need to be valued and
           loved would interfere with my academics . I would grow so depressed if my interpersonal
           relationships would go awry. Sometimes , I would get depressed for "no reason " at all, as I
           had did soon after high school was over. I would lie in my bed numb or just cry most of
           the day away . My grades suffered greatly because of this; however , I still thought I could
           pull through and gain my diploma.




           I truly expected to do well in college - after all I did succeed in graduating from high
           school . To summarize , I feel my dreams of becoming a influential person with marked
           intelligence , poise , and confidence were snuffed out with my experiences as.a young child,
           therefore , causing me stumble and then stumble some more as an adult. I recall, (when I
           was about 14) arguing with my father about something and then bursting into tears saying,
           "Well , if you did not move us to Nome I would not feel like this ." My father said "Okay,
           okay Evita ." And I dropped it because I knew I had made things awkward for him. I do
           satisfactorily in life - I have had no legal trouble to speak of . I owe this to my stern and
           Godly upbringing . I have maintained a job since I was 19 and have never been fired. I
           could not see myself not work or collecting welfare if I am able -bodied. I work as much as
           I can. I would work more , however, when I do work ( more like stay up longer than my body
           should ) my neck and my head

           hurt so terribly . I have been seen by many doctors for this and they say everything is
           fine. I also been seen for what seems like severe memory loss for the past 6 years, but
           the neurologist I saw said that everything was okay.




           I love people and I love to listen to people's problems as I know it is very important to
           be a leaning ear to someone, sometimes that is all it takes . My problem now is that I am
           in no position (financially mostly ) to help anyone , not even myself . I feel I will be in
           debt forever . I have accumulated so much debt with the State of Alaska that it feels like
           I will never be free. My mom and I suffer with being overwhelmed and grieved by the
           inability to pay these loans o f f. My mom and I have lost dividends once last year.
                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0023313
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           However, we are not criminals ( as many law offenders of Alaska have their dividends taken
           away. ) We are just people who thought things would be different at the end of my college
           career . We thought I would have graduated and came back to Nome and taught . I would have
           then been forgiven these loans . No one knows the future . I mean who knew we Alaskans (as
           well as the rest of the United States ) would be in this fuel crisis.




            I would ask you in good faith, Sarah Palin, PFD Division , and the State of Alaska to do
           something unprecedented and pardon me of my loans. I do not want my wages taken from me as
           this would only cause me to live off the government with the institution of welfare. I
           have agreed to pay 100 dollars a month, as that is all I could afford . My mother raised me
           under the law of the Lord . The bible says : " Faith without works is dead ." James 2:20. That
           is why I write this letter. I write this letter as I hate to see my mother who is a
           praying woman get the bad end of the deal because of my inability to succeed in college.
           My mother especially needs this money as she still has 4 kids to raise and I need this
           money because I do not make that much . I was even refused the Stimulus rebate because
           "[You] did not make enough to qualify for the stimulus ." This is what the automated voice
           of the IRS had said.




           My faith is the only thing that has stood with me/for me . If I could change things I
           would. If I could win the lotto I would pay this debt and give you four times as much as I
           owe. But that simply is not the case. My paycheck now, only affords me a place to rent and
           some food , and sometimes I give myself little treats here and there . I realize in the past
           that I was foolish for not paying even a little each time and using up all my
           forbearances . I would even be willing to do some sort of community services for Alaska-
           perhaps things most people wouldn't want to do?




           Please help my mother and I and forgive our loans or work something out with us - allow us
           to breathe easier. Please , please forgive us this debt and permit us to receive our future
           dividends , as this year ' s. dividend promising to be quite a. big amount , one in which I can
           start new life endeavors and ventures.




           Thanks you for listening,




                                                          4




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0023314
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Evita Nichell Samuels




          Nychelle_7@hotmail.com




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0023315
