Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Lloyd, Denby S (DFG) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROU P/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=DSLLOYD]
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 21, 2008 9:13 AM
           To:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); McAllister, William D (GOV); 'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
           Cc:                      Crome; Cora J (GOV); Colberg; Talis J (LAW); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); McBride; Rhonda
                                    (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: APOC Complaint on Predator Control Information


           Mike: APOC indicated that they had sent one directly to the Governor and to Janice Mason
           last evening; but I've asked Tim Barry and Lance Nelson to ship one directly to you and
           Bill.  Back in the office tomorrow; surgery went well, DL.




           ----- Original Message -----

            From: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           To: McAllister, William D (GOV); ExternalEmailgsp; Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

           Cc: Crome, Cora J (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW);             Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); McBride, Rhonda
           (GOV)

            Sent: Thu Aug 21 08:43:10 2008

           Subject: RE: APOC Complaint on Predator Control Information



            I do not have the ruling, Denby can you send a copy up to B-ill



           -----Original Message-----

           From: McAllister, William D (GOV)

           Sent: Thursday, August 21, 2008 8:34 AM

           To: ExternalEmailgsp; Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Crome, Cora J (GOV); Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Leighow, Sharon
           W (GOV); McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

           Subject: RE: APOC Complaint on Predator Control Information



           If someone has the ruling in electronic form,            please forward to me. Thanks.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com (mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.coml

           Sent: Wednesday, August 20, 2008 9:14 PM

           -To: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0023317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Cc: Nizich , Michael A (GOV); Crome, Cora J ( GOV); Colberg , Talis J ( LAW); Leighow , Sharon
           W (GOV ); McAllister , William D ( GOV); McBride , Rhonda (GOV)

           Subject: Re : APOC Complaint on Predator Control Information




           Thank you ! I had not heard , so this is good news . Thank you Denby, and DoL.

              Bill- hopefully F&G will get a chance to comment on this positive development . Whatever
           our press folks can do to get the word out on this... Alaskans ( especially those in rural)
           who expect sound management of predators should be reassured with this good news.

           ------Original Message------

           From: Denby Lloyd

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           Cc: M Nizich

           Cc: Cora Crome

           Cc: Talis Colberg

           Cc: Sharon Leighow

           Cc: Bill McAllister

           Sent: Aug 20, 2008 7:43 PM

           Subject: APOC Complaint on Predator Control Information



           Governor:  You should have received a ruling by APOC regarding our predator control
           informational efforts.  The complaint came from Alaska Wildlife Alliance, claiming that we
           and the Board of Game were inappropritely trying to influence the outcome of the election
           on Ballot Measure 2. The Dept . of Law ably defended us, and APOC ruled that there was no
           preponderance of evidence of us violating those campaign and expenditure rules.



            Of course, this is at odds with the ADN editorial today. Wonder if we'll get any
           favorable press coverage on this positive ruling for us from APOC in this controversy.



            FYI, DL.




           Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0023318
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Untitled Document                                                                                Page 1 of I


                Unknown

                From :   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Thursday, August 21, 2008 12:01 PM
                To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: WICHE Stat Alert : Annual College Readiness Report and State-By-State Data Released by ACT,
                         Inc.



                From: Stats [mailto:stats@wiche.edu]
                Sent, Thursday, August 21, 2008 7:29 AM
                To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
                Subject: WICHE Stat Alert : Annual College Readiness Report and State -By-State Data Released by ACT,
                Inc.




                Stat Alert -August 21, 2008:
                Annual College Readiness
                Report and state-by-state data
                released by ACT, Inc.
               ACT, Inc. has released its annual College Readiness Report
               (http://www.act.org(news/data/08/^df/National2008.pdf ). It notes that the ACT was taken by
               more individuals than ever, but the average score slipped slightly compared to 2007, while the
               share of test-takers who demonstrated college readiness in four subjects fell by one percentage
               point. In addition to the national report, state-by-state data are available at
               http://www.act.org/news/data/08/index.html.

               The Western. Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent
               communication with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or
               unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat Alerts distribution lists, please email your name,
               title, and organization to. Cheryl Graves at cgraves(wiche.edu. These electronic distribution lists
               are used only to support WICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources about relevant
               issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a
               Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at hht p://wiche.edu/policv/Clearinghouse, which
               includes past Policy Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy
               briefs.




                9/18/2009



                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0023319
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                      Page I of I


               Unknown

                From:     gov.sarah@yahoo-com
                Sent:     Thursday, August 21, 2008 11:50 AM
                To:       McAllister Wiliam D (GOV)
                Cc:       Perry ; Kristina Y (GOV)
                Subject: Fw: Governor- please approve your quote
               Bill- if you're asked to comment about Hackney's suggestion that anyone's unethical in stating
               their personal opinion, pls use something-like this:

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com
               Date: Thu, 21 Aug 2008 19:48:15 +0000
               To: Sharon Leighow<.sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Subject: Re: Governor - please approve your quote

               Good quote, thank you.
               Regarding another aspect of all this recent APOC complaining issue on both predator control
               AND the mining initiative:
               If you want to personalize my quotes more (if you believe it helps), say: "Alaskans expect me to
               give an opinion when asked, which is what I do in exercising my First Amendment rights when
               I'm asked about important issues affecting our state," Palin said. "I haven't hesitated in giving my
               personal opinion on predator control and the mining initiative, for instance, because Alaskans
               know by now I'll take a stand and share my opinion if they ask to hear it."

               Sent from my BlackBerry device from Cellular One


               From : "Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)" <sharon.leighow@alaska.gov>
               Date: Thu, 21 Aug 2008 11:41:46 -0800
               To: <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>
               Subject: Governor - please approve your quote

               "I'm pleased that APOC's commissioners understood that the information we prepared was
               non-political and that we never intended to take sides in the debate on the ballot measure,"
               said Denby Lloyd, Commissioner of ADF&G. "There has been a huge amount of public
               discourse on and public interest in predator management, and we knew, as did the Board of
               Game, that Alaskans would need factual materials about these Important prqgrams at this
               time of the year."

               Governor Sarah Palin agreed. "It is part of the mission of our state agencies to inform the
               public and to make sure they have access to the facts," she said. 'When both sides of a
               political debate are making claims about an important public policy issue, our experts must
               be free to explain these programs to the public."


               Sharon Leighow
               Deputy Press Secretary
               Deputy Communications Director


               (907) 269 -7450 Anchorage
               (907) 465- 4031 Juneau
               (907) 240-7943 cell




               9/18/2009



                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0023320
