Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                 From:     McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
                 Sent:     Friday, August 22, 2008 5:05 PM
                 To:       'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
                 Subject: Rural Wireless Service

               We all know how much you love your Blackberry . And when you travel to Rural Alaska
               in the near future, you just might be able to use it. Here's an item from the Yukon
               Kuskokwim Health Corp newsletter - about what having wireless service means to the
               region.

               Universal Wireless Service on the wayl
               YKHC Technology Services
               GCI plans to launch wireless phone and internet service in approximately 200 rural villages
               statewide over the next three years. The first locations are to have service by October of this
              year.
              YKHC President/CEO Gene Peltola and Chief Information Officer David Hodges have been
               pushing for this service in order to supply YKHC patients and providers better communications
               in the region.
              Hodges says the service upgrade will give YKHC and other village customers statewide cell
              phone access. GCI will also have roaming agreements in place for calling in the Lower 48,
               Hawaii, Canada, and Mexico. This means that your cell phone in Bethel will finally work in
              Anchorage or while you are on vacation in Honolulu.
              Once wireless service is launched, customers in rural locations will have access to GCI
              wireless voice, text messaging and data services. Customers will be able choose from a wide
              range of mobile handsets-from basic and inexpensive to higher end handsets-as well as more
              weather resistant rugged handsets. They can also choose a fixed desktop device or a fixed
              terminal device, which can be hooked up to their existing landline phone. Blackberry devices
              and other smartphones will be available as well.
              Hodges says there's no specific information available just yet on the packages and plans that
              will be offered, but customers will be able to choose from plans which offer the following:
              unlimited calling within a customer's home village - including all calls to and from other wireless
              and/or wireline customers, Alaska statewide calling plans and nationwide calling plans.
              Customers will also be able to add additional lines at reduced rates.
              "This will have a far-reaching effect for healthcare in our region," Hodges said. "This
              technology will allow patients and providers an inexpensive method to stay connected to
              healthcare services and personnel. This brings us the capability to assist and respond to
              medical services in a more efficient and expedient manner-something other areas of the world
              have been doing for decades."
              Timeline for Wireless Rollout



               8/24/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023391
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                Page 2 of 3


               October 1, 2008

                  s Bethel
                  s Kotlik
                  s Quinhagak
                  s Akiachak
                  s Kwethluk
                    Russian Mission
                  s Akiak
                  s Kwigillingok
                  sSaint Marys/Pitkas Point
                  sAlakanuk
                  sMarshall
                  sScammon Bay
                   Atmautluak
                 s Mekoryuk
                 . Toksook Bay
                 s Chefornak
                   Mountain Village
                 . Tuluksak
                   Chevak
                 s Napakiak
                   Tuntutliak
                 s Eek
                   Napaskiak/Oscarville
                 . Tununak
                   Emmonak
                   Newtok
                 s Hooper Bay
                   Nightmute
                   Kipnuk
                s Kasigluk
                s Nunam [qua Point
                . Nunapitchuk
                   Kongiganak
                   Pilot Station
              August 1, 2009

                   Aniak
                    Chuathbaluk
              Sept. 1, 2010

                      Anvik



               8/24/2009


                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0023392
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                       Page 3 of 3


                    Crooked Creek
                     Grayling
                    Holy Cross
                   s Kalskag
                    Red Devil
                   s Shageluk
                    Sleetmute


               Rhonda McBride
               Rural Affairs Advisor
               Office of the Governor
               Atwood Building , Suite 1700
               550 West 7th Avenue
               Anchorage, Alaska 99501
               Tel: (907) 269-7451
               E-Mail: Rhonda . McBride0alaska.gov




               8/24/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0023393
