Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Friday, August 22, 2008 11:20 AM
           To:                      Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Sched


           I'd rather start freeing up kate's time for her to work on bigger speeches so rosanne
           needs to handle this short event, pls let her know

           ------Original Message------

           From: Kris Perry

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           To: Janice Mason

           Sent: Aug 22, 2008 11:04 AM

           Subject: RE: Sched



           No formal expectation other than welcoming them to Alaska. They've been

           traveling the state for the last week so inquiring on their travels and

           what they've heard.



           In terms of Kenai, from what I understand you will need to be there at

           12noon for opening ceremonies and a brief welcome. It sounds like the

           ceremony in total is brief so your departure is at any time following.

           I spoke to Rosanne about the need to get brief remarks prepared asap.

           She is starting, and will work w/Kate upon her return. Janice, can you

          please take it from here on notifications, etc?




          -----Original Message-----

          From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com [mailto:gov.sarah@yahoo.com]

          Sent: Friday, August 22, 2008 10:44 AM

          To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

          Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Subject: Sched




                                                                 I




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0023455
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          What ' s the expextation for me today at the lunch ? And tomorrow in kenai?

          When should I arrive , how long do I stay

          Sent from my BlackBerry ( r) device from Cellular One




           Sent from my BlackBerry ® device from Cellular One




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPO1_0023456
