Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
           Sent:                     Monday, August 25, 2008 5:04 PM
           To:                      jholiday@optonline.net
           Subject:                  RE: Other




           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Saturday, August 23, 2008 9:03 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other




           address: 8 Algonquin Circle Airmont NY 10952




           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor-




           I am so inspired by you! Even though the time was not right this election, I am confident
           we will all be seeing and hearing more from you on the national scene in the years to
           come.




           In looking over your latest news, I hear about your birth to a Down Syndrome baby- may you
           and your husband enjoy great accomplishments and happiness with this special child.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0023512
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           My eighth baby was a down syndrome girl, born with a complex heart defect 11 years ago.
           Thank G-d, she had excellent medical care , and is now a bright star- not only in our
           family, but in our community as well. She has brought so much joy to all of us!



           I went on to have two more beautiful children , and can attest first hand , that a large
           family is just the "heaven sent" place for a Down ' s child.




           Your heart may be broken now, but G-d brings bountiful blessings to families chosen to
           raise these special souls.




           Wishing you lots of success - and looking forward to being able to vote for you in NY in a
           national election!




           RRG




           jholiday@ optonline.net




                                                        2



                                                                                                    PRA GSP01 0023513
