Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, August 25, 2008 2:21 PM
           To:                      sjperue©alaska.net
           Subject:                 RE: Energy




           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, August 25, 2008 1:16 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Energy



           Web mail from: steve perue

           address: p.o.box 90184 anchorage AK 99509

            907-563-7756



           MESSAGE:,

           I am quite certain that I am stating what the majority of Alaskans are thinking when I say
           that Governor Sarah Palin is the best thing that has ever happened in the governor's
           office since state hood. You are truly an amazing woman and Govenor.




           Thank you so much for what you are doing for us.




           Steve Perue



                                                                 i




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023519
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           sjperue@alaska.net




                                                                                                   PRA GSPOI_0023520
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page.1 of 2



                 Unknown

                 From:     Myron P. Naneng [mnaneng @avcp.org]
                 Sent:     Monday, August 25, 2008 4:45 PM
                 To:       Olson; Donny (LAA)
                 Cc:       Glass; John D (DPS); Spencer, Danial R (DPS); Foster, Neal (LAA); Liccioli; Denise L (LAA);
                           Hoffman; Lyman F (LAA); Nelson; Mary (LAA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: Village of Kotlik Letter


                Thanks Donny for following up on this request from Kotlik. Our VPSO program has added Kotlik to the list of
                villages that is requesting a VPSO position. We are still slotted for 19 VPSO positions with a coordinator,
                which is the same number as last year. Of the nineteen , one position was a floating one, which we now have
                to designate to a village . Our contract this year is for 19 positions, but we received a budget for eleven. DPS
                made this mistake and have stated that they anticipate having more funds available from the unused DHSS
                funds to be redirected at later date . We anticipated additional positions for villages that currently do not have
                VPSO's. Though the salaries were increased , there are no additional monies for fringe benefits , health and
                retirement benefits, nor additional positions. As winter is coming , we can anticipate a need for more VPSO's
                due to higher energy costs , which will create domestic problems and desperation . If Governor Palin feels that
                DPS should redirect it's funding to other needs in State , she should consider funding the FIRST
                RESPONDERS, VPSO's. As one health provider, who keeps a talily of funds used to deal with health issues,
                prevention is cheaper than dealing with it at the hospital . Quyana for consideration of the need for VPSO's,
                and we know it is not limited to just Kotlik, but to every village that is in rural Alaska.



                "Sen. Donny Olson " <Senator Donny Olson blegls.state ak us> writes:
                Good afternoon,

                I received a copy of a letter to Governor Palin from the Village of Kotlik
                regarding public safety issues in their community. I am very interested in getting
                your response to that letter.

                It is my concern, and that of my colleagues from the rural areas around the State,
                for public safety in rural Alaska that was the impetus for the Senate VPSO Task
                Force last year, of which I was chair. Kotlik's letter echoes the main findings of
                that task force and presents an example of the kinds of situations and concerns
                that were the driving force behind the creation of the Senate VPSO Task Force.
                The Senate VPSO Task Force issued its report February 1, 2008.

               There is one statement in the letter from Kotlik that is surprising to me. During
               the last legislative session, the Senate added additional funding to the VPSO
               program to increase VPSO pay, to add 15 additional VPSO positions beginning
               Oct 1, 2008, and to provide a small stipend to all communities with a VPSO to
               assist them with the cost of facilities. Not all of these increases made it to final
               passage, but the VPSO raise and partial funding for 15 additional VPSO
               positions (reduced from the Senate request to begin January 1, 2009 rather than



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0023521
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                      Page 2 of 2



                October 1 , 2008) passed the full Legislature . So I am puzzled by the statement
                that AVCP had to eliminate a floating VPSO due to. a budget cut to their
                operating budget . How can this be when funding was added to DPS to increase
                this program?

                Another important recommendation of the Task Force was that the Department
                of Public Safety (DPS) would meet with the regional non-profits to come up with
                a short and long range plan. This was in Recommendation Number 3, which
                stated : "DPS and the regional non-profits should work collaboratively to
                develop and maintain a 5 and 10 year plan for the VPSO program, to include a
                status of the VPSO program and an update from the impacts of recommendations
                by this Task Force; and deliver a copy to the Senate by February 1, 2009". Some
                specific criteria to be included in that plan were identified in the details for that
                recommendation and included parameters to use in determining which locations
                should get a VPSO.

                In addition to receiving your response to the Village of Kotlik 's letter, I would
                also like an update on the status and progress of DPS meetings with the non-
                profits to comply with Recommendation Number 3 from the Senate VPSO Task
                Force report. If you have any questions, please contact my staff Denise at 465-
                3880.

                Thank you.



                Cc via fax to Della Hunt, 907-899-4790




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                       PRA GSP01 _0023522
