Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



               Unknown
                From:     Nizich , Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH]
                Sent:     Monday, August 25 , 2008 7:56 AM
                To:       'gov. palin@yahoo .com'; Perry; Kristin Y (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Your cell

              FYI


              From: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
             Sent: Saturday, August 23, 2008 3:52 PM
             To: tvf@cplawak.com
             Cc: Colberg, Tails 3 (LAW); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Your cell

              FYI, below. This is what I sent Steve Branchfiower today . Tom van Flein reviewed and approved before I sent it


             From: Barnhill, Michael A (LAW)
             Sent: Sat 8/23/2008 3:51 PM
             To: Stephen Branchflower
             Cc: sgherrera54@yahoo.com
             Subject: RE: Your cell

              Steve-

             In our phone discussion today the primary . concem and objective you expressed was the need for results from the
             e-mail search in a timely manner.

             The best assurance I can give you is that I will endeavor to move this along as fast as I can . I can't provide
             precise time estimates until after we apply the search terms to some e -mail accounts and see how many a-mails
             surface as a result. The more e-mails there are the longer it will take to review them. I can update you next week
             with our sense of the timing on this.

             I also indicated that I would be willing to consider the placement of some kind of safeguard in the process (such
             as an affidavit) that assures that all does are accounted for. In other words , if 15 e-mails surface as a result of a
             search, all 15 will be accounted for either on a privilege log or in the disclosure.

             In terms of time and cost of an alternative process , such as the legislature issuing subpoenas and seizing the
             devices, its difficult to say. My guess is that it would significantly escalate . the time and expense of this matter and
             we would end up before the AK SCt on a variety of issues , including DPS security concerns , constitutional privacy
             and separation of powers. And at the end of the day , the process imposed by the courts would probably be pretty
             much what we have proposed here, which is essentially a standard civil litigation process.

             The search protocol we discussed last Tuesday contemplated agreement to search terms. You have provided a
             lengthy list of terms, some of which are much broader than the scope of the investigation . For instance "executive
             privilege" could encompass dozens of unrelated matters for which executive privilege has been properly asserted.
             Such terms could also slow down the search process . While we have not yet agreed to these search terms, my
             inclination at this point is to start the process with this list and see how it goes . If we find that it produces too many
             unrelated dots, you may wish to reconsider some of the terms on your list

             For what its worth , Law's continuing objective has been to deal with this in a reasonable and fair manner
             consistent with the constitution 's express requirement that legislative investigations accord all persons fair and
             just treatment.



              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0023524
