Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska_govj
            Sent:                    Monday, August 25 , 2008 4:57 PM
            To:                      Kim; Anna C (GOV)
            Cc:                      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
            Subject:                 FW: Other




            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.

            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Monday, August 25, 2008 4:46 PM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. C. Rolf Milton

           address: POB 770716 Eagle River AK 99577

             907-223-6700



           MESSAGE:

           My daughter is a senior and pre-med student at Auburn University in Alabama. She has been
           a full-time student there since graduating from Chugiak High School. Her GPA is 3.97.
           Additionally, she is a life-long Alaska resident and registered voter in the state of
           Alaska.  Her education is funded, in part, by Alaska student loans.




           Recently, her 2007 permanent fund was denied because she filed an Alabama income tax
           return (she made a whopping $3000) for 2006. She did this because Alabama law requires
           it.  Now, it turns out that. the state of Alabama has a non-resident return form, which she
           did not know. She mistakenly filed a resident return. Based on that information, she
           will file now try to file an amended return as a non-resident. The permanent fund folks,
           though, don't seem to care about any of this.




           By every requirement, she is entitled to her permanent fund. As you can imagine, as a
           student, these funds are critical to her. Of course, her PFD for 2008 is now also not
                                                                 I




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0023514
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           forthcoming.




           However, there may be an impact that could be catastrophic for her. I am sure you are
           familiar with the WAMMI program. She has applied to the University of Washington Medical
           School.   However, she can only be accepted if she is an Alaska resident. Since she has
           been ruled ineligible by the PFD folks, she may now be disqualified from the WAMMI
           program.   That means that her intention to be a physician in Alaska will no longer be
           possible.




           She needs help with the folks at the PFD department.- They seem to take great glee in
           denying her the PFD. It seems to me that, as state employees, they should do everything
           possible to help residents. Am I wrong?.




           If there is anything that you can do to be of assistance , I would be extremely grateful.




           Broker@PartnersRE.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023515
