Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored ) [govemor@ataska.gov]
          Sent:                    Monday, August 25 , 2008 4:20 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Burkert Erin E (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov (mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov)

          Sent: Sunday, August 24, 2008 1:12 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Mr. Carl Deithloff

          address: 13007 Fourth Street Fort Myers FL 33905

           2396941520



          MESSAGE:

          Governor Palin,




          While I am not a resident of Alaska, I love the people of Alaska. Their personal spirit
          and "Can-Do" approach to life is an inspiration to me.




          You're a real class act, and someone all Americans a be proud to have as the top executive
          if one of the most important and beautiful states. The straight forward, common sense way
          in which you attack your work is really refreshing.




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1 0023516
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Anyway, thanks again for making this GOP member proud. Maybe one day you 'll be sitting at
           1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  I know it's not as pretty as Alaska, but I'm sure you would fix
           that in a hurry.




           Sincerely , Carl Deithloff



           (One of your biggest fans)




           cddeithloff @ aol.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0023517
