Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                Unknown
                 From:       Howerter, B (HSS) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                             GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BLHOWERTER]
                 Sent:       Tuesday, August 26, 2008 8:15 PM
                 To:         Neal; Nicki L (DOA); Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA); Patin; Sarah H (GOV)
                 Subject: RE: Warrant Distribution

              To Whom It May Concern: I find this action countering Governor Palin's latest actions in trying to
              assist Alaskans in receiving monies in a more timely fashion. This action means that I will have to wait
              an additional 2 days or so before receiving my pay check which is part time pay anyway and will create
              a somewhat hardship on me as I pretty much live from pay day to pay day. Mailing to my home address
              is not feasible as I have been living in various locations for the past few years due to higher rental costs.
              The only other choice is direct deposit which I have purposely declined for the past few years and don't
              wish to choose at this time. The office staff person that walks across the street to get my paycheck and
              others in our office certainly doesn't seem to have such a busy schedule that this twice a month duty
              takes them away from their work.... probably not much more time than sorting the mail or taking
              cigarette breaks. I hope that you will please reconsider this action and not cause an inconvenience or
              hardship on those of us who need our paychecks as quickly as possible. Thank you...Louise Howerter


                         From: Neal, Nicki L (DOA)
                         Sent: Friday, August 08, 2008 2:27 PM
                         To: DOA DOP JNU staff
                         Cc: Kiesel, Dianne K (DOA); Walter, Darice F (DOA)
                         Subject: Warrant Distribution

                         Juneau Staff,

                       Commissioner Kreitzer recently met with the CEA Board. During this meeting it was suggested that we
                       (DOP/LR) discontinue distributing payroll warrants and advices to Juneau office locations which will allow
                       the staff responsible for this task to focus on other important tasks. The. Commissioner is committed to
                       implementing this suggestion within the Department of Administration. After working out the "bugs" within
                       our own agency, implementation within other agencies will begin.

                       Therefore, if you receive your warrantor pay advice at the office you will receive an Address
                       Authorization/Change Form on the next distribution day. I am asking that you complete this form by
                       providing a mailing address for your warrant/advice. If you'd like to continue to receive your
                       warrant/advice at the office, you may have it mailed to the office (P.O. Box 110201, Juneau, AK 99811).

                       Additionally, if you are still receiving a warrant, please consider direct depost.

                       I appreciate your cooperation.




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0023552
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               . Page 1 of 1



                Unknown
                From :    Hughes , Rosanne D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RHUGHES]
                Sent:     Tuesday, August 26, 200811:04 AM
                To:       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Burkert; Erin E (GOV); Erisman;
                          Morgan R (GOV); Webb; Colleen T (GOV)
                Cc:       Mills; Andy J (GOV); Rintala; Jessaiynn F (GOV)
                Subject: RE: [test - pis check website] Governor Palin's Report on Alaska Career Ready

              Good catch, Sharon. It should be Alaskan.

              Andy, do you mind fixing? Thx

              Rosanne Hughes
              Director of External Communications
              (907) 269-7450

              From: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Sent: Tuesday, August 26, 2008 11:03 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Burkert, Erin E (GOV); Erisman, Morgan R (GOV); Webb, Colleen T (GOV)
              Cc: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Mills, Andy 3 (GOV)
              Subject: RE: [test - pis check website] Governor Palin's Report on Alaska Career Ready

              Is it Advancing Alaskan Education?

              Or

             -Advancing Alaska Education?


              _From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Sent: Tuesday, August 26, 2008 10:59 AM
              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Burkert, Erin E (GOV); Erisman, Morgan R (GOV); Webb, Colleen T (GOV)
              Cc: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Mills, Andy ] (GOV)
              Subject: [test - pis check website] Governor Palin's Report on Alaska Career Ready

              Dear fellow Alaskans,

              As students throughout Alaska return to school, your state government is working hard to help
              public school students and job-seeking adults better prepare for employment. In light of that, I
              wanted to share some recent achievements and progress with you in my report on advancing
              Alaska education.

              Please visit http://www.gov.state.akus/pdf/EducationReport Augpst2008.pdf to find out about
              the progress we've made.

              Until next time,

              Governor Sarah Palin




              8/24/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0023553
