Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 4



                Unknown

                From:     Steve Haagenson [shaagenson@aidea.orgj
                Sent:     Monday , August 25, 2008 8:04 AM
                To:       andora@nushtel. net; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Pamell; Sean R (GOV); Irwin; Tom
                          E (DNR); Notti; Emil R (CED); Rutherford ; Marty K (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Hoffman;
                          Lyman F ( LAA); Edgmon ; Bryce E (LAA); Robin; Ralph Andersen; Hjalmer E Olson; Dave McClure;
                          Robert Clark
                Subject: RE: Using Royalty Oil to Lower the Cost of Fuel for Alaskans

              Thank you for your e-mail on the use of royalty oil to reduce the cost of energy to Alaskans . We share the desire
              to provide relief to all Alaskans from the crushing weight of energy costs.

              There are several popular ideas that have been discussed across Alaska , such as buying the refinery, selling
              crude at a lower rate and most recently capping the cost of diesel . Each idea sounds good but rapidly gets
              entangled in a web of constitutionality , revenue impacts, taxation, logistics, fairness, hold harmless clauses and
              ensuring that cost savings are passed on to Alaskans.

              Both the Administration and the Legislature have struggled with the best way to reduce energy costs in Alaska.
              Both put their best efforts forward to identify available options and recognized the need for both a short-term
              and a long-term solution to stabilize the economy. The Legislature recently passed a special session energy plan
              that touched on both the immediate need and funding to build infrastructure for the future.

              We are currently working on the Alaskan Energy Plan that will provide a focus for each community and region to
              reduce the cost of energy to Alaskan through the use of local fuels . Admittedly, these additions will not be ready
              for this winter season, but these infrastructure additions will provide some hope that there is a light at the end
              of the tunnel. Like you, we can see the end result if we stay on the current diesel dependency, but it has taken
              about thirty years to become totally dependent on oil, and it will take some time to shift off of diesel and reduce
              the cost of energy in Alaska.

              Every State in the US has a similar issue with the rising cost of energy , fortunately Alaska has the resources and
              the finances to resolve the energy crisis in Alaska for many generations to come.

              Steven Haagenson
              Executive Director
              Alaska Energy Authority
              Statewide Energy Coordinator
              907-771-3073
              shaagenson@aidea.org




              From: Nels and Dorothy [mailto:andora@nushtel.net]
              Sent: Monday, August 18, 2008 10:03 AM
              To: Governor Palin; It. Governor Pamell; Commissioner Tom Irwin; Commissioner Emil Notti; Dep. Commissioner
              Marty Rutherford; Mike Nizich; Steve Haagenson; Sen. Lyman Hoffman; Rep. Bryce Edgmon; Robin; Ralph
              Andersen; Hjalmer E Olson; Dave McClure; Robert Clark
              Subject: Using Royalty Oil to Lower the Cost of Fuel for Alaskans

    I


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0023535
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 2 of 4


              August 18, 2008

              Governor Sarah Palin
              State of Alaska
              Juneau, Alaska 99811

              Re: Using Alaska State Royalty Oil to Lower the Cost of Fuel For Alaskans

              Dear Governor Palin:

              The article below is in line with my continuous support for using our Alaska
              State Royalty Oil for lowering the cost of all fuel for Alaskans.

              Fuel costs are the Energy Achilles Heal for us in Alaska. We export 700,000
              barrels of crude oil a day and we pay the highest fuel costs in the nation.

              In Dillingham, we are paying $6.46 a gallon for gasoline and $6.23 a gallon for
              heating fuel. Even though Dorothy and I will each get $1200 and a PFD check,
              that will not pay for all of our heating fuel costs for this coming winter.

              I know that the state is not responsible for paying for my fuel costs but I believe that the
              state has an obligation to find ways and means to lower my cost of fuel so that
              we can afford to pay for it.

             Using our Royalty Oil effectively can lower our cost of fuel. Our constitution supports
             this and existing law on the books gives the Department of Natural Resources authority to move
             in that direction.

             If we do not solve our fuel cost problems very quickly, our state will go into an economic
             downturn that we will have great difficulty reversing.

             Please consider the use of our Alaska State Royalty Oil for in-state use at a cost that
             Alaskans can afford to purchase and allow us to develop our state's potential using
             our Royalty Oil. If that is not possible, then support from your administration is
             needed for the State Senate plan to cap heating fuel costs at $3.00 a gallon.

             We appreciate the $1200 resource rebate but it does not solve our fuel cost problems. We
             also appreciate the weatherization, PCE enhancements, and other energy programs that
             the legislature and your administration adopted that help immensely but fall short of
             solving our fuel cost dilemma.

             The State Senate adopted a fuel cost plan that capped the cost of heating fuel at $3.00
             a gallon. Unfortunately that plan was rejected by the State House.

             I urge you to seriously consider supporting the State Senate plan in 2009 and/or using our State Royalty
             Oil to lower our cost of fuels to prevent an energy crisis from getting worse than it already is.

             Very sincerely,

             Nels Anderson, Jr.


             8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0023536
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4


               Box 234
               Dillingham, Alaska 99576
               907-842-2366
               ando o nushtel.net


               Attachment:




               State's oil could lower fuel prices
               Cheaper fuel is in `best interest' of all Alaskans

               Richard Tilly, Community Perspective

               Published Sunday, August 17, 2008

               With the dramatic rise in the cost of crude oil, every Alaskan has been hit with the skyrocketing costs for
               home heating oil, diesel fuel and gasoline. The government of Alaska is collecting a huge windfall of
               cash from the sale of its royalty crude oil from the North Slope as well as collecting taxes on the balance
               of the crude oil through the pipeline. Many residents and small businesses cannot keep up with the
               increased costs of refined fuels. This affects rural villages, Interior residents, Southcentral commuters,
               truckers and coastal fishermen.

               The state government is selling its royalty oil, 3 million barrels a month, to the highest bidder and
               adding $100 million dollars a week to its treasury. The government. is being unjustly enriched while
               residents' bank accounts and wallets are being bled dry. There must be a corrective action for us to
               survive the winter heating season, as well as afford the climbing prices for all products shipped by truck,
               rail, marine or aviation.

               The royalty oil belongs to the people of the state, not the government. Alaskans are being stripped of
               their financial resources while the state government is rolling in money . We need to change the way our
               government thinks about its residents.

               Alaska law, AS 38.05.182, "compels the Commissioner of Natural Resources to take oil and gas
               royalties in-kind (actually taking ownership and possession) unless he determines that taking royalty in-
               value (selling the crude and collecting the cash) is in the best interests of the state."

               The law, AS 38.05.183 (e), also describes how to determine the state's "best interests." The decision
               must be based on: "The cash value offered," "The projected effects of the sale on the economy of the
               state," "The projected benefits of refining or processing the oil in the state," and, "The ability of the
               prospective buyer to provide refined products to the citizens at competitive prices."

               Currently, the state is selling its royalty oil in-value, to the residents' detriment. The "projected effects
               of the sale on the economy of the state" need to be brought to the forefront.

               Unfortunately, few people in Juneau are willing to discuss the merits and benefits of taking royalty oil



               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0023537
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                  Page 4 of 4


              in-kind. Simply, the state needs to take our royalty crude oil and provide it to in-state refineries at a
              lower price, after negotiating contracts under which the refineries pass those lower prices to all
              Alaskans.

              This action will allow us all time to explore alternate energy sources, conduct energy retro -fits to homes
              and businesses and procure more efficient transportation . It also will allow the private sector to put
              about $3 million dollars a day back into our economy , in lieu of putting its hard earned money into the
              state' s overflowing treasury.

              Alaskans use about 800,000 gallons of gasoline and about 600, 000 gallons of No. 2 diesel and heating
              oil per day, according to the latest information from the state Division of Oil and Gas Web site.

              This demand could be met with half the state ' s monthly allotment of royalty crude oil. The state will
              have plenty of surplus funds for infrast ucture , schools and roads, and ample funds for running the
              state ' s bureaucracy and adding to the Permanent Fund.

              The law required to, do this is already exists . We just need our government to listen and act on it now.

              This plan is simple; it takes little additional administration to implement , and it is fair to every Alaskan,
              no. matter what their occupation is or their location in the state. We have already seen how the trickle up
              (or down) effect works. It is quite obvious that if we lower the fuel expense, then other goods and
              services price reductions will follow.

              We all know we need to change our oil usage and learn to conserve energy of all kinds but having the
              citizens paying the state almost $ 1 billion a year in additional fuel expense is not in the "best interests"
              of Alaskans. It is merely an undeclared tax on the people and the economy.

              There are other plans , such as the state giving away extra checks, or the state paying for one half of
              residents ' fuel oil bills. The check giveaway plan ($1,200) involves residents paying taxes to the federal
              government to the tune of $200 million (which should stay in the state) and that plan does nothing to
              help heat our schools, hospitals or businesses.

              If you live in Iowa, you should be able to buy cheap corn . If you live in Texas, you should be able to
              buy cheap beef. And, if you live in Alaska, you should be able to buy cheap fuel.

              Call your legislators and the governor now and demand their support of royalty oil in -kind for all of
              Alaska. Juneau should work for us; we do not work for them . It is past time that Juneau understands this
              philosophy.

              Time is of the essence ; we cannot afford to wait any longer.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0023538
