Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) t govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, August 26, 2008 8:27 AM
           To:                      Lchdstensen5l@yahoo.com
           Subject:                 RE: Elections


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 26, 2008 2:51 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



           Web mail from: Mr..Jason Christensen

           address: 2414 E Del Rio Tempe AZ 85282

             602-451-9964



           MESSAGE:

           Gov. Palin




           I just wanted to say that I am very impressed with your stature as a leader. It is one to
           model after. I am hoping that you can help lead this great nation back to its days of
           hope, the days of Reagan. I have just discovered who you are and what you stand for and
           Im sold!   I only wish I could have noticed who you are sooner, but this political game our
           system has developed has pushed me away .  Please help regain our sense of pride and show
           us what a LEADER should be. I respect your statement on better serving Alaska by being
           there, but think of the bigger picture. I know you will make the right choice and I will
           support you down the road if that is the case. Either way, you are exactly what America
           needs!   Thank you for your service to this great nation and God bless your family.




           Sincerely



                                                                 i




                                                                                                             PRA GSPO1_0023561
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Jason C. Christensen



            602-451-9964



            j_christensen5l@yahoo.com




                                                       2
