Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@afaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, August 26, 2008 5:18 PM
           To:                      cnicho1ia@northstar.k12.ak.us
           Subject:                 RE: RuraLNative




           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.




           -----Original Message----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Tuesday, August 26, 2008 10:42 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Rural/Native




           Web mail from: Mr. Craig Nicholia

           address: 4131 Parks Ridge Road Fairbanks AK 99709




           MESSAGE:

           To Sarah Palin,



           My wife Rose and I are teachers in Fairbanks. We are friends with Click and Darlene
           Bishop.  My wife Rose is your biggest fan. We wan't you to know that you are doing an
           excellent job in leading our state. Keep up the good work! You do have great pressure on
           you, but always know you do have people who believe in you.




           For the past 10 years I have been a teacher and coach here in Fairbanks. I also pastor
           the church where Click and Darlene attend. Due to the fact that In 1987 I was an
           Honorable Mention All-American in Basketball, I know thousands of my native people, in the
           interior, on a first name basis. I'm originally from Tanana, Alaska. My cousin Irene
           Nicholia-Todd worked for Knowles and was a state Representative.

                                                                1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0023554
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I just wanted to say keep up the good work and you have our support.




          We definitely want to see you get another term after this one.




           If you need help in any way possible please let us know.




           God bless you, Craig and Rose Nicholia




           cnicholia@northstar.k12.ak.us




                                                           2
