Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Tuesday, August 26, 2008 8:48 AM
          To:                      Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
          Cc:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Elections




          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.

          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

          Sent: Monday, August 25, 2008 6:52 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Elections



          Web mail from: Mr. Scott Jones

          address: 252 South Montgomery at. Napa CA 94559




          MESSAGE:

          PLEASE please please PUH-LEEEEEZE save the conservative movement and grab Mr McCain by the
          collar and tell him that as his Vice President you can help him keep this country (and
          HIM)on the right track!



          What a wonderful, caring, responsible PARENT and patriot you are. And such a GREAT role
          model for all families and citizens everywhere in this great country!Wish I were a
          resident of Alaska so that I might have the honor of telling MY kids I voted for you! You
          ARE loved and respected by many conservatives who reside more than just a little south of
          your great state!




          im2goofy@comcast.net




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023558
