Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, August 26, 2008 8:17 AM
            To:                      jmiller@fbsworldwide.com
            Subject:                  RE: Other


            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Tuesday, August 26, 2008 6:36 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other




            Web mail from: Ms. Jaimie Miller

            address: 237 Oakley Drive State College PA 16803

              8142805838



            MESSAGE:

            Hello Governor Palin.  My name is Jaimie Miller, and I live many, many miles away in
            Central Pennsylvania, but I wanted to contact you regarding the birth of your son. My
            daughter is 2 and she has down syndrome. In fact, many families in our area started the
           ~Centre County Down Syndrome Society.  We have worked very hard for community awareness and
            education regarding children with special needs, especially down syndrome. I was elated
            to hear your story- and see that you are a prominent political figure and I was hoping
            that you would be able to bring all of our children to the forefront of America for people
            to see their unbelievable importance and abilities as well as their beautiful souls. Our
            kids are often left out as so many things in our world are mainstreamed anymore. My
            beautiful baby girl has been through so much in her life, yet she has changed my life in
            ways unimaginable. I just wanted to say hello and send you my congratulations and express
            my thoughts of happiness

            and excitement about your baby boy. Although many, many miles away , your son is connected
            to our children here in central Pennsylvania.




            Sincerely,



            Jaimie Miller
                                                                  1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0023563
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            jmiller@fbsworldwide.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0023564
