Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From :                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Tuesday, August 26, 2008 8:42 AM
           To:                      damitrano1973@yahoo.com
           Subject                  RE: Other




           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Monday, August 25, 2008 9:18 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Diana Amitrano

           address: 2019 F Lake Park Drive Smyrna GA 30008




           MESSAGE:

           Hello Governor,




           I would just like to extend my congratulations on the arrival of your beautiful son. I
           would also like to say that I am very impressed by how much you have done for your state
           since you have taken office. I was actually visiting Alaska for the first time two years
           ago.  I was staying at the Diamond Center Hotel. I was coming in from a day of site
           seeing when I walked into a rally for you to talk to your voters and gain their
      i    confidence.  I listened and was impressed. Made me wish that I could move up there just
           to see all of the exciting things take place. Needless to say I was quite happy. that you
           took office and have been doing such a wonderful job. I have been receiving the Alaska
           magazine for years and enjoyed the article about you. I am planning a trip up there next
           March to possilby look into purchasing about 5 acres for my husband and I to call our own.
           I look forward to living in a state with such a wonderful, successful person leading the
           way.  As if the landscape wa

           s not enough of a reason to move there the politics are just as exciting!




                                                                 1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023559
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Have a wonderful day!




           Diana Amitrano



           Future resident of Alaska



           damitranol973 @ yahoo.com




                                                       2
