Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palen (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 8:28 AM.
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Benedict; Nichole M (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Seniors


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palen. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.

           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.govj

           Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008 12:03 AM

           To: Governor Sarah Palen (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Seniors



           Web mail from: Mr. Rett Adair

           address: 4321 n. captain cir Wasilla AK 99654

            357-6674



           MESSAGE:

           I wanted to say thank you for the system in wasilla, for without it I would be home-less.
           I've been verry sick and they stepped in with dignaty and are helping me with my medical
           expenses, and all the things inbetween. I'm 59 and my world tipped over when I got hurt. I
           also reckonise the reason that I'm here in Alaska was the same one I came for in 1970
           still makes as much sence as it did then. There are NO strangers in alaska, just people
           that we haven't met yet. I voted today as I did when you ran for office.. .your views
           mirrior my own on most things and make me proud for voteing for you. Boy could americans
           in the lower 48 do with a leader who can identafy with the indavidual citazen like you
           have here..




                                 . R.Morgan Adair ..... wasilla



           rmadair@mtaonline.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0023580
