Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemorralaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 5:04 PM
           To:                      beth anne322@hotmaii.com
           Subject :                RE: General Administration




           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008.12:04 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: General Administration



           Web mail from: Bethany Hansen

           address: 3411 Halyards Cir Anchorage AK 99516

            503-896-2205



           MESSAGE:

           Governor Palin,




           I just wanted to send you a note to thank you for the wonderful job you are doing as our
           governor. I've been a supporter since the beginning, was delighted to attend the election
           party at the Captain Cook when you were elected, and have continued to be impressed by
           your leadership, just as I knew I would be.



           Despite public flack for any number of things, I just want you to know many people
           recognize the things the press fails to portray in favor of your situation and perspective
           in regard to many things.



           You are highly respected and appreciated.




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0023588
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          May you continue to have confidence in your mission for Alaska and your ability to lead...



          God Bless,




          Bethany Hansen




          P.S. I had the privelege of serving you and your family at Orso just prior to your
          election and thoroghly enjoyed it. I'm at Orso as a night server now, starting Tuesday and
          would love to serve you again, should the opportunity arise.



          Best regards...



          beth-anne322@hotmail.com




                                                       2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023589
