Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                    Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
            Sent:                    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 12:18 PM
            To:                      mhayes68@cfl.rr.com
            Subject:                 RE: Other




            Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
            information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
            unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
            being reviewed by the appropriate staff. person in this office who can best address your
            need, suggestion, or comment.



            -----Original Message-----

            From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

            Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008 11:09 AM

            To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

            Subject: Other



            Web mail from: Matt Hayes

            address: 1024. W. Yale St. Orlando FL 32804

             407.446.1840



            MESSAGE:

            Ms. Palin




            I recently heard about your son Trig, and his diagnosis. We have a 16-year-old daughter
            with Down syndrome and 13- and 12-year-old daughters with autism. It's a long, tough road,
            but we have been blessed by God to have such beautiful children who work hard every day to
            overcome their disabilities.




           My job at Sporting News Magazine allows me to meet some wonderful people, and more times
           than not, those I meet either have a child with special needs or have been touched in some
           way by a child with special needs. The community is much larger than any of us realize.
     i


                                                                 I




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0023585
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I recently interviewed Notre Dame football coach Charlie Weis, who has a daughter that is
           globally developmentally delayed. It's funny how a bond is instantly built when speaking
           with another parent of .a child with special needs.




           I will follow your career from here in Orlando, and wish you and your family the best.




           Kind regards,




           Matt Hayes




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023586
