Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 4:59 PM
           To:                      destepp@webbwheel.com
           Subject:                 RE: Other


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008 1:42 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Daniel Stepp

           address: 513 Natalie Drive Goodlettsville TN 37072

            615-305-5162



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor: Thanks for being a striking example of leadership and common sense thinking
           toward economics in your great State. We have dear friends who live in Anchorage and will
           see them hopefully before this year's end. I wish you well in your tenure there, your
           family is so precious! Thanks also for supporting the National Rifle Association! Semper
           Fidelis USMC Viet Nam 1968 Dan Stepp




           Let's get John McCain elected President in November!



           destepp@webbwheel.com




                                                                I




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0023587
