Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNORI
          Sent:                    Thursday, August 28, 2008 1:54 PM
          To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
          Cc:                      Burkert Erin E (GOV)
          Subject:                 FW: Other




          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
     1    need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb. alaska.gov [mailto: WebMail@govweb . alaska.gov]

          Sent: Wednesday , August 27, 2008 8:42 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other




          Web mail from: Mr. Lee Grothe

          address: 1150 S. Colony Way Ste. 3         #100 Palmer AK 99645

            907 982 0663



          MESSAGE:

          Hi Sarah, Todd, and family,




          I appreciate the fresh, unfettered approach of your leadership, as a mother first, and as
          Governor of the people of Alaska. It touches the all the citizens under your authority and
          is in the process of insuring the sustainable prosperity of Alaska and our future
          generations of children.




          Thank you for standing firm on the.gasline issue. I believe much of the flutter in the
          media was due to your ability to stand up and graciously not back down.


                                                             1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0023617
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          It would seem to me that some of the situations with Alaska ' s oil companies could be
          likened to SARAH AND GOLIATH. Whoops ! I meant DAVID AND GOLIATH .   Your willingness to
          stand for what is right and not cave in the second pressure is applied , speaks for your
          gift of Faith and genuine character.




          I was able to get a picture with you and my family at Anchorage Baptist Temple when your
          campaign was under way. Thank you again.




          We have since moved to Palmer and love it . I hope to be at the Fair well before 1:00 to
          get a good spot for our State Quarters . Great Choice!!




          I heard you were speaking at the convention and have emailed John McCain to be sure and
          listen to what you have to say. I believe you have expressed you were not interested in
          running on the ticket with John. I understand what some of your reasons may be, however,




          I am convinced that the only way possible for John McCain to win the Presidency is for you
          to be his running mate.




          For the following reasons:




          1.) John has character,principles and leadership skills that are unique to his military
          record during Viet Nam.




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 _0023618
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           2.) He will have no problem in obtaining the votes from the conservative Boomer
           generation.




           3.) Obama is a good peaker and possesses charisma and eye appeal for the last few
           generations of Americans.



           4.) John Kennedy had similar charisma and eye appeal and swept his bid for the Presidency.

     i

           5.) Joe Biden was selected to offset John McCain ' s image of stability , character , maturity
           and dependability.



           6.) The only person who has the natural grace and charisma to upset and prevail over
           Obama, is you Sarah . Please pray about it and see if you might reconsider.



           7.) I know that John's only chance obtaining the Presidency is with you as his running
           mate.



           8.) Alaska needs you. The birds eye view is that our country needs you more at the moment.




           Thank you again for the Great j ob you are doing. Thank you too Todd for sharing your
           family with all of us.




           Sincerely,




          Lee Grothe




                                                         3




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0023619
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          P.S.



           Please reconsider running for vice President if it is even hinted at.




          punchlist@live.com




                                                       4
