Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                 From :   Hughes , Rosanne D (GOV) jrosanne .hughes@alaska.gov)
                 Sent:    Thursday, August 28, 2008 4:24 PM
                TO.       'sp@hslak.com'; Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Letter for your approval

              Thank you, Governor.


               Rosanne Hughes
              Director of External Communications
              (907) 269-7450

              From: sp@hslak.com (mailto:sp@hslak.com)
              Sent: Thursday, August 28, 2008 4:22 PM
              To: Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Letter for your approval

              Looks good thanks

              Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T


              From : "Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)" <rosanne.hughes@alaska.gov>
              Date: Thu, 28 Aug 2008 16:15:53 -0800
              To: <sp@hslak.com>; Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)<governor@alaska.gov>
              CC: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)<randall.ruaro@alaska.gov>
              Subject: Letter for your approval
              Governor,

              Randy would like to know if the following letter to Governor Schwarzenegger meets with your
              approval. Wayne Stevens of the Alaska Chamber of Commerce has requested you submit this, and
              apparently timing is an issue. The letter is below and Wayne's request and comments follow.

              -Rosanne


              Dear Governor Schwarzenegger:

                     I am writing to join Governor Lingle of Hawaii in urging you not to sign Senate Bill 974.
              This legislation would impose a $30 fee per 20 foot equivalent for shipping containers. (Many
              shipping containers are 40 feet long, so the fee or tax would double to $60.) As I understand it, the
              fee would apply to all shipping containers processed through the main ports in California (Long
              Beach, Los Angeles and Oakland).

                     I have previously written to Governor Gregoire of Washington in opposition to a similar
              container tax the Washington Legislature considered in 2007. The Alaska Legislature also passed a


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSPO1_0023622
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page 2 of 3


                      resolution opposing that bill. I have enclosed a copy of that resolution.

                      Enactment of Senate Bill 974 will have negative impacts on both Alaska and California. For
              Alaskans, a very large percentage of goods (90 percent or more) shipped to Alaska arrive as
              marine cargo in a container. Many communities lack road access and.depend entirely on the
              shipment of goods by container. Shipping costs have increased significantly with the rising price
              of fuel and these higher costs are quickly passed onto Alaskans. This tax makes the situation
              worse.

                     Similarly, the tax may harm California by driving port business away from its ports. New
              port developments such as the one in Prince Rupert, B.C., Canada, could become attractive to
              shippers.

                      I respectfully request due consideration be given to our state and that you not sign Senate
              Bill 974.

                                                            Sincerely,




                                                          Sarah Palin
                                                           Governor




              From: Wayne Stevens (mailto :wstevens@alaskachamber.com)
              Sent: Thu 8/28/2008 3:00 PM
              To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Re: Update on Status of California Container bill

              Randy,
              Here is the latest from CA sources.

              The Governor is not signing any bills, the container tax included. The Container tax bill has passed the
              Assembly and the Senate, but has not been transmitted to the Gov. The Governor has indicated that if
              the Assembly and Senate will amend. the bill to his liking, he will sign it. Amendments would have to
              pass both bodies for him to reconsider signing it. It is possible that he would sign but not garuanteed.
              Session is extended for three more days.

              A letter from Governor Palin would be very timely.
              Let me know if you need more information.
              Regards,
              Wayne

              On 8/28/08, Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) <randall.ruaro®a          aska. ov> wrote:
              Thanks Wayne.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023623
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 3 of 3


              Can you check back with this fellow though . He is sounding like the bill has not passed both the Senate and the
              House and just needs to be signed . I could not tell if the bill had passed both bodies and was on its way to the
              Governor for signature.

              Perhaps he could find out

              Thanks,

              Randy


              from: Wayne Stevens [maiito:wstevens(a)alaskachamber.coml
              Sent: Thu 8/28/2008 5:26 AM
              To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
              Subject: Update on Status of California COntainer bill


              Randy,
              Here is information I got back from sources in Care the Container bill status.


              Well, for now I haven't been apprised of any pending deal. SB 974 wasn't included in a recent list of
              bills that the Governor would sign even though there was no budget on his desk. Also, I saw a copy of
              some of the proposed amendments that were being floated by the Air Board staff, but they didn't reflect
              the jones act issue. There are only three more days of session...

              So I guess the timing is till good to get the letter from Governor Palin on the way.
              Appreciate all your help.                                                                                               I:


              Regards,
              Wayne




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0023624
