Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
           Sent:                   Wednesday, August 27, 2008 8:25 AM
           To:                     ravensroost@gci.net
           Subject:                RE: Elections


           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.



           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008.3:08 AM

           To: Governor-Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Elections



          Web mail from: Ms. Karen Matthews

           address: 482 Cindy Drive Fairbanks AK 99701

            907-978-1443



          MESSAGE:

           I would like to thank you for endorsing Mr. Parnell over Mr. Young. It's time for Alaska
           to move beyond legacy lawmakers and into innovation and renewed trust in our government.




          I vote Democratic, so I could not vote for Mr. Parnell; however , should my candidate lose,
          I can't think of a better choice of person to win in his stead.




          Keep the faith, Governor Palin. You have the intelligence, wit, grace and guts to go a
          long way and to accomplish many goals for our beautiful state.



          ravensroost@gci.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0023600
