Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Unknown
            From:                   Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
           Sent:                    Thursday, August 28, 2008 2:06 PM
           To:                      Mason; Janice L (GOV)
           Cc:                      Burkert Erin E (GOV)
           Subject:                 FW: Other



     {
           Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
           information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
           unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
           being reviewed by. the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
           need, suggestion, or comment.

           -----Original Message-----

           From: WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov [mailto:WebMail@govweb.alaska.gov]

           Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2008 6:36 PM

           To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

           Subject: Other



           Web mail from: Mr. Stan Raley

           address: 6150 State Road 70 East Bradenton FL 34203

            941-782-1562



           MESSAGE:

           Dear Governor Palin,




           Thank you for your heart, your backbone and your good sense. You may wonder why a
           Floridian is so interested in the Governor of Alaska. It's because I hope that you are our
           next Vice-president. Talk about change that we can believe in!!




          On a more personal note, congratulations on the recent birth-of your son, Trig. What a
          lucky man he is to have parents like you and your husband, and siblings like his older
          brother and three sisters.




                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0023615
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Please also thank your son for his service to our country , and your husband for helping to
           provide us with the energy we need to grow and prosper.




           In short, thank you for the courage to live your convictions . It's so refreshing and so
           needed in this day . My hope is that Madam Governor becomes Madam Vice-president ( which of
           course would make you the first woman VP) and then in 2016, Madam President . While I don't
           mean to pigeon hole your politics , I think it would be extraordinary if the first woman
           President is a Ronald Reagan conservative.




           Best regards , and may God bless you and your family.




           Stan Raley, CPA



           1sr999@aol.com




                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0023616
