Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                 From:     McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/0=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUB ION]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, August 27, 2008 6:25 PM
                 To:       Sarah Palin; Todd Palin
                 Cc:      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Subject: Case Study on Suicide

               Governor,

               One of my goals in coming to work for you was to keep you in touch with the people of Rural
               Alaska - in meaningful ways.

               I hope this report on Akiak's problems will give you some insight into Alaska's suicide
               epidemic. I know it's an issue close to your heart.

               My hope is to pass on some of this information to some non=profits, to see if they might help
               Akiak finish its playground and get some additional resources for mental health.

               Thanks,

               Rhonda

              Rhonda McBride
              Rural Affairs Advisor
              Office of the Governor
              Atwood Building, Suite 1700
              550 West 7th Avenue
              Anchorage, Alaska 99501
              Tel: (907) 269-7451
               E-Mail: Rhonda.McBrideOlalaska.gov




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023605
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 3



                 Unknown

                 From:     John Katz jjwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
                 Sent:    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 10.13 AM
                 To:       Mike Nizich; Governor Sarah Palin
                 Cc:       Joseph Balash; Kris Perry; Sharon Leighow ; Russ Kelly
                 Subject: ANWR/RepublicanPlatform

               Per the article below from the Congressional Quarterly , the Republican platform committee has rejected a
               proposal to support oil development in the coastal plain of ANWR . However, the Committee did include
               language opposing permanent withdrawal of the coastal plain from leasing and rejected an effort to restrict oil
               exports from new leases.

               Regarding ANWR, the Committee's decision to remain silent on support for coastal plain development leaves the
               final determination squarely with Senator McCain . So, nothing has changed from our prior communications on
               this subject.


               CQ TODAY ONLINE NEWS - POLITICS
               Aug. 27, 2008 - 1:07 p.m.
               GOP Platform Writers Reject Drilling In Alaska Refuge
               By Kathleen Hunter, CQ Staff

               MINNEAPOLIS - Republican platform writers beat back an insurgent attempt Wednesday to endorse drilling in
               the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge amid concerns that such a move could undercut John McCain 's effort to win
               the White House in November.

               The 112-member GOP platform-writing committee is hammering out the parrs policy blueprint here in advance
               of next week's Republican National Convention in neighboring St Paul.

     I         Unlike President Bush and most of the Republican base , McCain, the senior senator from Arizona , does not
               support ANWR drilling, although he has left open the possibility of reconsidering that view in the future.

               In an effort to avoid a rift with the presumptive nominee, the draft proposal unveiled Tuesday called for
               "accelerated exploration,, drilling and development in America, from new oil fields off the nation's coasts to
               onshore fields such as those in Montana , North Dakota and Alaska" but was silent on the specific issue of
               ANWR.

               Platform committee member David Boyle of Alaska proposed adding language that would explicitly include
               drilling in ANWR, saying the Issue enjoyed broad support, was very important to voters and should be addressed
               in the platform. Boyle pointed out that he has ties to the McCain campaign - he is listed as the Alaska contact on
               the campaign 's Web site - but said the issue was too important to Ignore in the platform.

               Backers of Boyle's amendment argued that it would translate into support for Republicans across the country.

               "I don't believe that there is a stronger way to support our candidate than to support what our people want,"
               said platform member Cathie Adams, of Texas. "This has become the number one issue in this campaign ... I
               think this is a very positive move ... one that would bring people to the party and to our candidate."

               Opponents countered that inserting the language would do more harm than good , saying it would undermine
               McCain, who, they pointed out, recently came around to supporting increased drilling in the outer continental
               shelf. They also pointed out that the underlying language was carefully drafted to avoid embarrassing McCain,


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0023606
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 2 of 3


                while at the same time not preluding drilling in ANWR, which many said they supported.

                "The goal is to not have this serve as a lightning rod," said Terry Strine of Delaware, a member of the platform
                committee's energy and environment subcommittee , which debated for more than four hours Tuesday.

                "This will bring difficulties and challenges for John McCain and none of us want to do that ," Strine added.

                Others echoed that concern.

                'We have a nominee for th e party who is entitled to a platform he can run on, and we should not create
                unnecessary conflicts between the nominee and the platform," said James Bopp of Indiana.

                Platform members said they were confident that McCain , if elected, eventually would be convinced to support
                drilling in a 2,000-acre coastal plain section of ANWR.

                "We are blessed with a candidate who actually thinks and Is capable of changing his position when he receives
                new data," said Jeff Grossman of Oregon. "We know that president McCain will eventually come around to our
                position- but he's not there yet."

                Some platform members said it was Important to call for ANWR drilling in the platform to send a message to
                McCain.

                "To let him know how strong the sentiment is on this issue , we do him a service, not a disservice," said Sandra
                McDade of Louisiana.

                "This is an accountability tool, and we're accountable to our base and to the people who sent us here," said
                Kendal Unruh of Colorado.

               The platform-committee did accept a proposal, offered by Kim Skipper of Alaska, that would oppose efforts to
               permanently block access to ANWR, a move that panel members viewed as a viable compromise for now.

               "President McCain will be in a much better position to get this accomplished than Senator McCain," said Mike
               Fair of South Carolina.

               Republicans hailed rejection of the proposal as a sign that members of the party were willing to put aside their
               own views to avoid crossing McCain.

               'That shows the support that Senator McCain has in this room," said Trey Grayson of Kentucky , who co-chaired
               the environment subcommittee . "That's a real sign of unity . Its not lip service. That's action."

               With less internal disagreement, the platform committee also rejected a proposal to discourage the export of oil
               and gas garnered from any new leases.

               Opponents were concerned that the amendment would force McCain to take an anti-free-trade stance prior to
               the election. Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said the proposal ran counter to the open -market, free-trade
               positions Republicans outlined in the economic portion of their platform . Barbour is chairman of the platform-
               writing panel's economic subcommittee, which spelled out a policy of lower taxes, decreased regulation and
               smaller government. The panel approved that portion of the platform Tuesday.
     J
     i         Source: CQ Today Online News

               John W. Katz
               Director of State/Federal Relations



               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0023607
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                      Page 3 of 3


               and Special Counsel to the Governor
               jwkat0alaskadc,ora
               (202)624-5858




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 0023608
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


         I
                                                                                                                        Page 1 of 2
         i

                 Unknown

                  From:    McAllister, William D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=WDMCALLISTER)
                  Sent:    Wednesday, August 27, 2008 2:48 PM
                  To:        ov Sarah@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W
                           (GOV)
                  Cc:      Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
                 Subject: current media itinerary in Minnesota

               Governor:

               Here's what I've got for you for media to this point at the RNC:

               8:30 a.m. Tuesday - Newsweek breakfast, Crowne Plaza Hotel, 11 E. Kellogg Blvd. (close to the convention
               center). Contact: Gail Tacconelli, 301-509-1379, gtacco@newsweek com.
               10 a.m. Tuesday - National Public Radio , "All Things Considered," interview with Robert Siegel, Crowne Plaza
               Hotel (see above). Contacts: Carol Klinger. 202-725-8109, caklinger npr.org: Julia Buckley, 202-744-9610,
               irbuckley@npr.org.
               Post-speech, Tuesday evening - Cal Thomas , syndicated columnist, wherever we can get you together
               immediately afterwards. Contact: Cal himself, 703-533-1361, jctlatsyn@aol.com.

               9 a.m. Wednesday- USA Today round-table, River Center (next door to the Xcel Center). Contact Gwen
               Flanders, 202-365-0500, gaanders@usatoday.
     i         10:15 a.m. Wednesday- National Review , interview with Rich Lowry. Contacts: Lowry, 917-301-9778; Katherine
               Connell, 212-679-7330, kconnell _nationaireview.com.
               3 p.m. Wednesday- Fox News, "Your World with Neil Cavuto ," in the Fox sky box in the Xcel Center. Contact
               Jennifer Seelig, 973-768-7910, Jennifer seeligCdtfoxnews com.
               8 p.m. Wednesday - Fox News, "Hannity and Colmes ," in the Fox sky box in the Xcel Center. Contacts:
               Thomas Holmes (before convention), 212-301-5817, tom holmes(foxnews corn : Lauren Fritts (at convention),
               917-860-1195, Fritts@foxnews.com.

               8:30 a.m. Thursday (tentative) - CNN, live interview with Soledad O'Brien, who will be remote from New York, at
               the CNN booth in the Xcel Center. Contact: Allison Blakely, 404-488-6513.
               10.15 a.m. Thursday - Bloomberg Television , "Conversations with Judy Woodruff," location TBA. Contact Julie
               Slattery, 202-624-1866, jslatteryta bloomberg.net.

               Note: PBSV 'NOW program has canceled without explanation.

               Blocs of time during which I'm not sure if I can schedule anything:

               -Late aftemoon/early evening Wednesday.
               Afternoon/early evening Thursday.
               -Friday morning.

               Outstanding media requests (not granted yet due to schedulin

              -The convention itself is requesting you to act as a surrogate for McCain for national media. Available blocs of
              time, daily, are 5-9 a.m., 11 a . m.-9 p.m. Within those, they ask when you might be available for this purpose.
              -BBC
              -Wisconsin Public Radio
              -Forum moderated by Lesley Stahl, formerly of CBS, including Huckabee and Barbour, sponsored by
              universities, the Mayo Clinic and the Obesity Society, 11-11:45 a.m. Tuesday, James J. Hill Library, St. Paul.
              -"The New GOP," a panel of Republican governors talking to Politico .dom, Yahoo and either the Minneapolis
              Star-Tribune or the St. Paul Pioneer Press ( the invitation laughingly referred to the Minneapolis Pioneer Press), 8-
              9:30 a.m. Tuesday, Crowne Plaza Hotel.
              -The International Democrat Union , a working association of over 80 center or center-right political parties,



               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0023609
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 2 of 2


               headed up by former Australian Prime Minister John Howard , is holding sessions with Republican officials,
               including Romney, McConnell and Kyl.
               -Pan Desi, the first English -language TV network for South Asians.

               To those who have been fielding phone calls and e -mails, please let me know if I've overlooked something.

               -Bill




               8/3 1 /2009


                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0023610
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              PW Exp Warning                                                                                       Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From:     ETS Help Center [help_center@admin.state.ak.usj
                Sent:     Thursday , August 28, 2008 7:07 AM
                To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Password expiration warning

              The password for SOA userlD 'govsp' expires Thursday September 11th , 11:28 AM.
              In most state agencies, this is not the useriD and password used to togon to Individual computers . The password
              can be changed using the SOA Password Change page or Outlook Web Access.
              Your new password must be at least eight characters long and include at least three of these four types of
              characters:

                  · upper case alphabet
                  · lowercase alphabet
                  · numbers
                  · punctuation or symbols

              Prior passwords may not be re-used.

              Important Note ! - Web browsers, email clients, handheld email devices and other applications can store and
              continue to use an old password after it has been changed, possibly triggering lockout. Such applications should
              be closed while (or immediately after) changing a password. These stored passwords may need to be updated or
              deleted.

              Please contact your local or departmental support technicians with any questions or requests for assistance
              related to changing passwords.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                       P RA_GSPO 1 _0023611
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                                               Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                From        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROt)P/CN=RECIPIENTSICN=GOVERNOR]
                Sent:       Thursday, August 28, 2008 2:56 PM
                To:         Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
                Cc:         Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Putting Alaska First - August 2008

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Patin. The concerns , opinions, and/or information you have sent are important and
              valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself , your message has been received and
              is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion, or comment

              From: Ceciliani, Cathie M (DOC)
              Sent: Thursday, August 28, 2008 9:05 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: RE: Putting Alaska First - August 2008

              Thank you for always putting Alaskans at the forefront its a breathe of fresh air to have a politician thinking of the people.


              From: Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
              Sent: Thu 8/21/2008 12:21 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject; Putting Alaska First - August 2008




               N thfs newsletter does not display correctly, you can yew it online here >>>
               x
               u




                                                                                                                                                                  August 2008
                Irl Fnarnv Par·.kana AGVA AnnrnvaA

               I'm pleased to report to Alaskans that in early August, our                        0 Energy Package, AGLA Approved
               Alaska Legislature agreed to approve a one-time resource
               rebate that returns part of our resource wealth to Alaskans -
               the owners in common of these resources. The rebate will be a
               direct payment of $1,200 to each Alaskan eligible for the 2008
               Permanent Fund Dividend . The resource rebate was part of a
               larger energy package that also includes a 50 percent increase
               in the maximum loan amount for bulk fuel bridge and bulk fuel
               revolving loan funds to communities and cooperatives.
               Additionally, it suspends the state 's eight-cent motor fuel tax on
               gasoline, marine fuel and aviation fuel for one year and
               strengthens the Power Cost Equalization Program.

               Our lawmakers also included an additional $60 million for the
               Home Energy Rebate Program operated by the Alaska
               Housing Finance Corporation and $50 million in grant funds to                       Legislators applaud Governor Patin and her staff for all their hard work on AGIA
                                                                                              during an Aug. 1 press conference after the legislature awarded TC Alaska the AGIA
               the Renewable Energy Fund , bringing the total available for                                        license to move forward and build Alaska's natural gas pipeline.
               renewable energy projects in FY 2009 to $100 million.
                                                                                                                         LISTEN TO AUDIO: August 1, 2008 Press Conference
               The Legislature also authorized my administration to award the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act license to TransCanada Alaska
               to initiate development of a 1 ,715-mile natural gas pipeline from Prudhoe Bay on the North Slope to the Alberta Hub in Canada.
               Lawmakers also appropriated $35.5 million for gas pipeline expenditures , including reimbursements for allowable expenses
               under the AGIA license to get moving toward a gasline.

               Our Legislature worked diligently to deal with these critical issues facing our state, and I thank them for their accomplishments.
               We estimate all three bills will be signed into law by the end of August.




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0023612
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                        Page 2 of 3



                  fit RPnnrt nn FPouratinn In Alaaka

                 Congratulations to the staff at the 294 Alaska public schools that made adequate yearly progress              x
                                                                                                                               u   Report on Education in
                 under the federal No Child Left Behind (NCLB) standards for the 2007-2008 school year. Our schools                Alaska
                 faced a higher bar in 2007-2008 for the percentages of students who score proficient in language arts
                 and math assessments. Congratulations, also, to the many schools that continue to improve in
                 student achievement but may have fallen short in one or two of the 31 categories schools are held
                 accountable for in NCLB.


                  rrt Wmkrnrrrn rkrvPtnnrnP t P,%dna A*K


                 We have some great news to share about a successful           0 Workforce Development                   u Workkwm Development
                                                                                                                         x
                  partnership involving the Alaska Department of Labor           Partnerships                              Partnerships
                 and Workforce Development. This venture produced the
                 Alaska Construction Academy, and now,, more than
                 2,300 middle and high school students and 320 adults
                 are learning new skills - such as carpentry , plumbing,
                 electrical, welding and drywall finishing . The academy
                 started as a pilot program in Anchorage to attract and     Cl                                       0
                 train young people and adults to first jobs in the Alaska
                 construction industry . This program has been so
                 successful, academies are now in the Kenai Peninsula,
                 Fairbanks , Juneau, Ketchikan and Mat-Su - and more
                 will follow elsewhere statewide . Graduates will help fill
                 the 1,000 construction jobs that are needed annually.
                 The U. S. Department of Labor recently recognized the Alaska Department of Labor for excellence for its partnership efforts to
                 create the Construction Academy concept Your Alaska Department of Labor has partnered with Associated General
                 Contractors of Alaska , Alaska Works Partnership, Alaska home building associations and local school districts.

                Out of the first group of 113 Anchorage adult graduates, 77 percent were hired and increased their earnings 40 percent in the
                two quarters following their training . Adult classes are offered at various times , based on community employer needs , and will
              o be expanded to include weatherization programs.


                 fYt nWrP.acP. in Hinhwav Fatalitlac
                                                                                                                                                       3
                Keeping Alaskans safe on our highways is a top priority of my administration. I'm pleased to
                                                                                                                           Decrease In Highmy Fatali ties
                report your state Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF) Highway Safety
                Office reports highway fatalities in Alaska are down this year. Since July 28 . Alaska has
                recorded 34 fatalities for the entire year of 2008 , and that number is below the decade-average
                of 46 at this point in the calendar year. Strict enforcement of laws regulating drunk driving,
                reckless driving and seathelt use have contributed to this positive news.

                TAKE THE CHALLENGE - state 's online driver preparedness test

                                                                                                                     VISIT ONLINE:
                                                                                                                     Alaska 140-ay Salley
                                                                                                                     Office

                 1I Rhirtnv npmiontlpff MPmnriaf RriAnA


                     Demientieff Memorial Bridge          On August 8, 1 was pleased to participate in an event honoring late Native leader Shirley
                                                          Demientieff of Nenana. I joined with community members and leaders from around the state
                                                          to dedicate the Shirley Demientieff Memorial Bridge , and then transitioned to a community
                                                          potlatch at the Nenana Civic Center. Ms. Demientieff was remembered as a woman who was
                                                          committed to helping others and building bridges between cultures and communities all
                                                          across Alaska.

                                                          VISIT GOOGLE MAPS: Where is Nenana, Alaska?



                rwl Mnrrtc Thmmncnn r` dh iml It Vianra (:Polar

                I spent several days in Fairbanks in mid-August , and was




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0023613
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Putting Alaska First Newsletter - Governor Sarah Palin                                                                     Page 3 of 3


                honored to participate in the Morris Thompson Cultural &            Morris Thompson Cultural &      0 Morris Thompson Cultural &
                Visitors Center dedication on August 12. joined Alaska              Visitors Center                    Visitors Center
                Native leaders from across the state, Alaska's
                Congressional Delegation, and more than 1,000 local
                community members and leaders to honor Moms
                Thompson, the late Native leader who made a difference
                in the lives of so many.




                lYl RthAnrumt rnnfarprup ofArr:tii Parliament runs

                Also on August 12, I spoke to international leaders from Canada , Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia and Sweden at
                the 8th Annual Conference of Arctic Parliamentarians . With the focus on human health in the Arctic , climate change in the
                Arctic, and resource development in the Arctic , I shared Alaska 's encouraging news regarding development of non -renewable
                and renewable and alternative resources in Alaska. I was pleased to inform them of our gas pipeline progress and alternative
                energy projects we have underway.
                        Until next time,




                       Governor Sarah Patin



                             n Looking for a printer    -- State of Alaska, Governor, , webmastero ,, ContactalLocations n Email Governor.




              8/26/2009


                                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0023614
