Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From :        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ) [govemorralaska.gov]
                 Sent:         Friday, August 29, 2008 12:01 PM
                 To:           Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
                 Cc:           Mason; Janice I_ (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: GREAT JOB SARAH!

               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns, opinions, and/or information you have sent
               are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself;
               your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best
               address your need, suggestion, or comment.

               From: Launle G [mailto: launiegg @mtaonline.net)
               Sent: Friday, August 29, 2008 9:36 AM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: GREAT 3OB SARAH!

              I remember a few years ago when you spoke at my daughter Emily 's Young women's conference and how excited she was
              about meeting you! you left quite a mark on her.

              you have never failed to be there for the people and see the needs that they have . i appreciate that as a disabled single mom
              of 5.

              when i was watching ktuu news this morning and they announced that you may be the next running mate for vp , i screamed!
              yes! yes! yes!!! john mccain couldn't have picked a more appropriate running mate.

              i got the kids, sat them down; told them i would drive them to school (just around the corner/sherrod) and we watched with
              great anticipation your arrival on the stage. you were awesome! i was so touched that someone I greatly respect and have
              personal feelings about was chosen to represent our country and our state (state wise you've done a great job!) in so many
              wonderful ways. it's time, our country needs you and all your values and morals! you truly know your stuff lady! As a
              'young" mom, i have no problem with your ability to stand in high places representing me and my family.

              btw...you must have been watching the clock because you ended your speech in just enough time for all the kids to get to
              school on time! i laughed all the way there. we love you!

              launie graffeo
              po box 2284
              palmer 99645

              ps...obama/biden don't have a chance!




                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0023660
