Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                   Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:     Governor Sarah Pal!n (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Friday, August 29, 2008 11:56 AM
                To:       Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
                Cc:       Burkert; Erin E (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Congratulations!


               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you have
               sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email
               herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office
               who can best address your need, suggestion, or comment

               From. FCSOLARES@aol.com [mailto:FCSOLARES@aol.com]
               Sent: Friday, August 29, 2008 9:54 AM
               To: Pal!n, Sarah H (GOV)
               Subject: Congratulations!

               Governor Palin,

               A few minutes ago I finished listening to your first speech as the US Vice Presidential candidate
               and I have to tell you it was electrifying! I believe you are going to bring a lot of energy
               and excitement to the Republican ticket. Congratulations! you make us proud.

               You have already embarked in one of life's most wonderful journeys; I am not talking about the
               Vice Presidency (although you have my unwavering support) I am talking about the journey of
               being the privilege parent of a special needs angel. Being blessed with one of our own, I can tell
               you that your life is forever changed, you see the world through a different lens and you
               appreciate each moment so much more.

               I will proudly vote for the very first time in my life (became a US Citizen in January of this year) in
               November giving you my support and awaiting to see you holding your baby in celebration of a
               victory.

               Our regards to your lovely family,

               The Castanedas
               Texas




               Its only a deal if its where you want to go. Find your travel deal hem.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01 _0023662
