Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                Unknown

                From:      Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [randall.ruaro@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Sunday, August 31, 2008 9:03 PM
                To:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV); gov.palin@yahoo.com
                Cc:        Clark; Kami S (GOV); Essary; Karen S (GOV)
                Subject: Governor's website

              Mike:

              The Governor's website is up now. I think what was tripping visitors up was when you first go to gov.state.ak.us
              you get the recent press release and if you don't scroll all the way to the bottom it looks like this is all there is on
              the site.

              If you closely, at the very bottom of that press release in small print is a note that if you want to go to the old
              website to click here. I suggested to Karen and Kami that that make this note about 3 times larger in print size
              and put it at the very top of the press release so people navigating to the website can see it and right away decide
              to click on it and go to the Govemor's website.

              I think this would help significantly. Please let me know if you want that done.

              Randy




             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0023709
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                                                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com

          -.".'.',,                ;'·r - t iC           ..r;f, :f.;#! i' -t6ifF^toeK.CUSS;'.tXtSLS+`P.S9.S',5::....
                       ^S'.                      t, 4^




                                                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2



                        Unknown

                         From:     Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike.nizich@alaska.gov]
                         Sent:     Sunday, August 31, 2008 9:45 PM
                         To:       Clark; Kami S (GOV); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.com'
                         Subject: Re: Governor's website

                      Thanks


                      From: Clark, Kami S (GOV)
                      To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); 'gov.patin@yahoo.com'
                      Sent: Sun Aug 31 21:43:36 2008
                      Subject: RE: Governor's website

                      Will do I'm working on it now.


                      From: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                      Sent: Sun 8/31/2008 9:41 PM
                      To: Clark, Kami S (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); 'gov.palin@yahoo.wm'
                      Subject: Re: Governor's website

                      Just make the link obvious


                      From: Clark, Kami S (GOV)
                      To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); gov.palin@yahoo.com
                      Sent: Sun Aug 3121:37:57 2008
                      Subject: RE: Governor's website

                      I can make arrangments to have that link moved up further so that you can see the link.

                       Its very difficult to explain in an email everything that transpired during the Governor's announcement for V.P. I
                      got a call at 6:00 am from the D.C . office that the Governor's Office website might be down due to the
                      announcement on C.N . N. I got to the office shortly after 7:00 and the server appeared to be stable but, the pages
                      were loading slowly. I called Enterprise Technology Services to request that GCI open up all the band width for
                      us. They did and I then called other staff at ETS to see if we could put up an alternate page to take some of the
                      load off of the server. Our server was getting hit so hard we couldn 't even get to it ourselves. About 15 IT staff
                      came over from ETS , Brian Duncan our contractor , Peter Torkelson, Eric a contractor came over from
                      Wostmann. We sent guys back over to ETS to build servers 3 of them, Peter then worked to convert the
                      Governor's bio from PHP code to plain HTML text because it was causing problems how it handled the hits. So
                      we knew people were just wanting to know about the Governor . So we got that going and moved over to 3 new
                      servers over at ETS but, that took the load off our servers so we could bump up connections . Peter had to reuild
                      his P14P code back to HTML which made many of the links broken . While the servers over at ETS where
                      publishing the Governor's bio we built another server in our office that would take the hits before the Governor's
                      web server so that it would cache the pages which means it wouldn 't hit our server everytime it could grab what
                      was in memory. We worked on that until 11:00 that night We then came back the next day and redirected the
                      www. gov.state.ak.us back to our server and have been monitoring it to see if it can handle the load which we
                      think will get hit even harder come Tuesday morning. Peter will continue to work on the site to convert all the
                      PHP code back to HTML so that all links will work . Remember when Florida servers had a melt down because of
                      the Election we had the same for the State of Alaska with the announcement Many departments said there
                      pages also got hit harder. This was big news and most servers aren 't built to handle that kind of volume. We did
                      everything we could to get it back as fast as we possible could . I'll make some calls tonight to fix that link or see if
                      we can even post it on the page so that we don 't even have even have it like that anymore.


                      8/31/2009

                                                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0023710
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Thanks
             Kami


             From : Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
             Sent: Sun 8/31/2008 9:03 PM
             To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); gov. palin@yahoo.com
             Cc: Clark, Kami S (GOV); Essary, Karen S (GOV)
             Subject Govemor's website

             Mike:

             The Govemor's website is up now. I think what was tripping visitors up was when you first go to gov .state.ak.us
             you get the recent press release and if you don 't scroll all the way to the bottom it looks like this is all there is on
             the site.

             If. you closely , at the very bottom of that press release in small print is a note that if you want to go to the old
    I        website to click here. I suggested to Karen and Kami that that make this note about 3 times larger in print size
             and put it at the very top of the press release so people navigating to the website can see it and right away decide
             to click on it and go to the Govemor 's website.

             I think this would help significantly. Please let me know if you want that done.

             Randy




             8/31/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0023711
