Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                    Saturday, August 30, 2008 8:08 AM
          To:                      Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
          Subject:                 Re: Un-Flippin-Believable!


          Can you flippinbelieveit?!  Thanks for your kind words- and for keeping the homes fire
          burning. Thank you! We love you guys!

           ------Original Message--- - -

                                           -From:PatGlvin

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

          Sent: Aug 29, 2008 11:32 PM

           Subject: Un-Flippin-Believable!



          We are so proud and excited for you. Great speech, too! We'll catch

          you on the other side, enjoy the ride.



          As always, let me know if there is anything I can do for you. God speed!



          -Pat



          Sent from my iPhone




          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023698
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                              .:X t...L'·^n':dC^G:r^u":?iuv.'TS'ra'4`;r^a5;'RRGS''?.'^rSc2^iSr.Sx1.vY r^iti*,                                                 :..
                                                                                                                                                -, .+.::;V!n^   ..-..>..)....r,    ::^y^<i




                                                                                                                                                                                  Page 1 o2



               Unknown

                From:     lmlorijean @aol.com
                Sent:     Saturday, August 30, 2008 11:46 AM
                To:       info@mccain08hq.com
                Cc:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Morgan ; Katryn L (GOV)
                Subject: Former Pennsylvanian living in Alaska


               Hello

               I am so excited about this nomination . As a citizen of Alaska who has gotten involved only recently with the
               political process, I identify with Sarah Palin on so many levels. - My husband and I became passionate about an
               environmental/economic issue in Alaska and demanded action from our legislature last year . Rep Craig
               Johnson responded and a bill was introduced . Troy and I worked hard, as did many others, and the bill was
               passed unanimously in April of this year. Governor Palin attended a rally to sign the bill personally . Troy and I
               have been invited to speak in Washington D.C., Reno NV and other state and local events to talk about how we
               have been able to make a difference in Alaska through the political process. I recently had a meeting in D.C.
               with Henri Bisson, Deputy Director of BLM , to discuss the issues facing Alaska. We have coordinated the
               formation of the Anchorage Cooperative Weed Management Area and been Involved with many other groups
               working to protect Alaska. All of this in the last year, after recognizing the consequences of inaction. .

               The reason I believe that Sarah Palin can make a difference and is ready for this challenge is because I have
               experienced living that reality myself. As a working person , a 911 dispatcher for the Anchorage Fire
               Department, and a regular citizen , I feel proud of what I have been able to accomplish . I recognize that being
               intimidated by Government, and those who hold positions in it, is not necessary and not how you make
               progress . When your message is true and your passion sincere, it is possible to create the change you seek.

               I was a dispatcher in Fairfax County, VA on Sept 11 , 2001 and was sent out to the Pentagon after the terrorist
               acts. I witnessed the aftermath of those acts'and saw American resilience , determination and strength. My
               sense of country and pride was heightened then and has continued to this moment.

               I am from Pennsylvania originally and have encouraged everyone I know to become involved in the process
               there, with PA being such a crucial swing state.

               If I were writing talking points for Sarah Palin, in response to those who question whether she has the
               experience to handle this position:

               "I accepted this responsibility from Senator McCain because I have the same faith that he does that I can do
               this job and do it well. I face a challenge that I look forward to with relish . I can not take time to try and
               convince you I CAN do the job, because I need to get busy DOING it."

               To those who would question how Senator McCain could choose somebody he had only met briefly:

              "Senator McCain recognized that the best possible choice for Vice President could be outside the circle of his
              close friends and colleagues. He spent time considering what was needed and searched throughout the
              country for those who could fill those needs . The search took him to Governor Patin. He brought what he and
              his advisors had learned to their meetings and confirmed what he believed , that Sarah Patin is all the things
              that the American people need in a Vice President. The search was long and difficult to complete, but in the
              end, the choice was easy to make."

              I will be looking for ways that I can get involved in and help with the campaign. I am excited for the rest of the
              country to see what Alaska knows, Sarah Palin is smart, strong , compassionate and ready for this challenge.

              Lori Zaumseil
              Anchorage, AK
              907-245-2373



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01 _0023699
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2




             . Its only a deal if its where you want to go. Find your travel deal here.




              8/31/2009

                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0023700
