Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 1 of 6



               Unknown

                From :    Dr. Franklin Kirksey [fkirksey @bellsouth.netj
                Sent:     Saturday, August 30, 2008 8:26 AM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: Congratulations

              Dear Governor Palin,

              Congratulations on being selected by Senator John McCain as his Vice Presidential running
              mate!

              I appreciate and applaud your conservative views.

              Alexis de Tocqueville, the famous 19th century French statesman , historian and social
              philosopher, traveled to America in the 1830s to discover the reasons for the incredible
              success of this new nation . He published his observations in his classic two-volume work,
              Democracy in America. He was especially impressed by America's religious character. Here
              are some startling excerpts from Tocqueville's great work:

             Upon my arrival in the United States the religious aspect of the country was the first thing that
             struck my attention ; and the longer I stayed there, the more 1 perceived the great political
             consequences resulting from this new state of things.
             In France I had almost always seen the spirit of religion and the spirit of freedom marching in
             opposite directions. But in America I found they were intimately united and that they reigned in
             common over the same country.

             Religion in America .. .must be regarded as the foremost of the political institutions of that
             country; for if it does not impart a taste for freedom , it facilitates the use of it. Indeed , it is in this
             same point of view that the inhabitants of the United States themselves look upon religious
             belief.

             I do not know whether all Americans have a sincere faith in their religion - for who can search
             the human heart? But I am certain that they hold it to be indispensable to the maintenance of
             republican institutions. This opinion is not peculiar to a class of citizens or a party, but it
             belongs to the whole nation and to every rank of society.
             In the United States , the sovereign authority is religious ...there is no country in the world where
             the Christian religion retains a greater influence over the souls of men than in America, and
             there can be no greater proof of its utility and of its conformity to human nature than that its
             influence is powerfully felt over the most enlightened and free nation of the earth.
             In the United States, the influence of religion is not confined to the manners , but it extends to
             the intelligence of the people...
             Christianity, therefore , reigns without obstacle , by universal consent...

             I sought for the key to the greatness and genius of America in her harbors ...; in her fertile fields
             and boundless forests ; in her rich mines and vast world commerce ; in her public school system
             and institutions of learning . I sought for it in her democratic Congress and in her matchless
             Constitution.


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 0023692
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 6



              Not until I went into the churches of America and heard her pulpits flame with righteousness
              did I understand the secret of her genius and power.
              America is great because America is good , and if America ever ceases to be good , America
              will cease to be great.

              The safeguard of morality is religion, and morality is the best security of law as well as the
              surest pledge of freedom.
              The Americans combine the notions of Christianity and of liberty so intimately in their minds,
              that it is impossible to make them conceive the one without the other
              Christianity is the companion of liberty in all its conflicts - the cradle of its infancy, and the.
              divine source of its claims.
              Available from: htto :llwww leaderu comfora   f/on   ldek cq htmI Accessed: 08/30/08


              The Lord allowed me to write a book titled Sound Biblical Preaching: Giving the Bible a
              Voice, which would be a great addition to any pastor's library or for anyone who desires to
              support a strong pulpit ministry . Over 70 Christian educators , executives, evangelists and
              Bible expositors have written endorsement like Dr . Stephen F. Olford, Major W. Ian Thomas,
              Dr. D. Stuart Briscoe, and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee . Men and women,
              pastors and laypeople, black and' white, rich and poor, have endorsed this book.

              We continue to receive words like these:

              I know of no greater need behind the pulpits in America than for sound , biblical preaching. With that in mind, I
              commend to you the Christ-honoring, expositional, exalting , teaching of Franklin Kirksey . You will be helped by
              his ministry.

    i         Blessings!

              Pastor Johnny Hunt
              Dr. Johnny Hunt, senior pastor First Baptist Church of Woodstock , Georgia. Dr. Hunt serves as president of the
              Southern Baptist Convention (2008) and served as president of the Pastors ' Conference of the Southern Baptist
              Convention in 1996. In 1997 Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary endowed the Chair of Church Growth in
              honor of Johnny Hunt. Dr. Hunt has followed his vision of ministering encouragement , instruction and refuge to
              church leaders of all generations through the Timothy Barnabas Ministry for the past 14 years. Dr. Hunt is the
              author of many books to include Building Your Spiritual Resume : Developing A Testimony That Will Outlast You.




             December 12, 2007

              Dear Dr. Frank, " I am in enthusiastic praise for all believers to read your book [Sound Biblical Preaching],
             whether being called to ordained ministry in Jesus name or not . God bless you for bringing God's Word to us
             each Sunday ." In Jesus name , Mrs. lvel Patterson Caldwell

             Mrs. Ivel Patterson Caldwell was born on January 10 , 1913 in Mobile, Alabama ; Mrs. Caldwell was in the first graduating class of Murphy
             High School In 1930. She was married to James Francis Caldwell on August 25, 1934 . She encouraged her husband 's educational pursuit as
             he received the Ed . D. from Columbia University in New York . Mrs. Caldwell offered tireless support to her husband, who served as Chief
             Education Advisor for the United States Government and the governments of Iraq (Baghdad), Jordan (Amman), and Indonesia (Djakarta), and
             later as Vice President for Development and Contracts at the University of South Alabama . Dr. Caldwell made the following dedication in his
             book titled, Magic-No! Miracle- Yes! The Founding and Early Development of the Univendy of South Alabama : -this book is dedicated to my
             wife Ivel P. Caldwell for her invaluable assistance in Its creation .' In 1993, the Caldwell s children established an endowment scholarship
             named the James and Ivel Caldwell International Studies Program at the University of South Alabama . Mrs. Caldwell has a long-standing
             interest in missions and has walked with the Lord for many years . She has the distinction of being the oldest member of First Baptist Church
             of Spanish Fort, Alabama . Mrs. Caldwell went to be with the Lord on July 22, 2008.




             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01 0023693
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page 3 of 6




              We are all indebted to Dr. Kirksey for his excellent research, dedication, and implementation of Sound Biblical
              Preaching. This generation is in dire need not only for instruction on the "how" exegesis' but a model to follow.
              Dr. Kirksey has given us both. Sound Biblical Preaching is what every man who steps in the pulpit should be
              about.

              Dr. Mac Brunson , senior pastor of First Baptist Church, Jacksonville, Florida. Dr. Brunson previously served as
              senior pastor of First Baptist Church, Dallas, Texas, for seven years, in addition to working as chancellor of
              Criswell College. He was president of the Southern Baptist Pastors' Conference in 2003 and president of the
              Baptist State Convention of North Carolina from 1997-1999. Dr. Brunson is the author and co-author of many
              books to include The New Guidebook for Pastors.



              To Friends of God's Word:

                        I am pleased to commend to you Sound Biblical Preaching: Giving the Bible a Voice by Dr. Franklin L.
              Kirksey. In this Volume Frank has carefully made a case for the supremacy of the Bible in Christian preaching
              and the need for ministers to return to expository preaching in fulfilling Christ's command to "feed my sheep.' Dr.
              Kirksey cites outstanding contemporary biblical preachers and the success they have had. He is convincing in his
              argument that sound biblical preaching is the heart and soul of a pastor's pulpit ministry and is the basis for
              building great churches.

                           You will find much sage advice in Sound Biblical Preaching: Giving the Bible a Voice.

              God Bless,

              Dr. Tommy King , President

              William Carey University, Hattiesburg, Mississippi



              September 18, 2006 .
              Dear Pastor Kirksey:
              I will say without any hesitation I would have no problem in offering your book to someone, even if there was no
              "calling to preach".
              [Sound] Biblical Preaching is easy to read and understand. It is challenging and thought provoking.
              First of all, if the person has not been to Calvary, it is time to bow at the feet of Jesus who gave his life for you, me
              and all.
              It is the word of God that saves souls and not our comments on them. Smite them with the edge of the SWORD.
              (I think Spurgeon said this). To me, it is the beginning of sound Biblical preaching.
              Sharon, as you stand by your husband, my prayers will always be for gentle moments, soft words and acts of
              kindness to surround you both. Now it is your turn to write something for the pastors' wives, from these times
              forward.
              God bless you and keep you both and guide you in all you do.
              "The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that publish it." Psalm 68:11
              In Jesus Name
              Dorothy Jones
              Dorothy P. Jones, former Director, Cottage Hill Baptist Church Tract Ministry, Mobile, Alabama



              Preaching for most of us preachers Is a real passion. Franklin's book gives us a foundation for our passion.
              Sometimes we need some fire but at all times we need the foundation. Sometimes we may need a focus but we
              always need the foundation. If we only have the fire and the focus we may be impressive but irrelevant. This
              book reminds us who are preachers and reveals to those who are not, that preaching is not just a chosen
              vocation but a Divine operation. We just purchased a large number to give to our Bible Institute preachers.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0023694
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 4 of 6



              Dr. Ronnie Barefield
              Pastor, Unity Baptist Church
              President and Co-Founder North Mississippi Baptist Bible Institute
              Ripley, Mississippi


              Dr. Kirksey,

             Thank you for the friendship you've extended to me and for the encouragement
             I am really impressed with your competence in ministry , love for the Lord, and
             kindness toward others like myself.

             I ordered your book soon after returning home from Indianapolis: I got it in
             the mail yesterday and read it in one sitting last night It was too good to
             put down. "Sound Biblical Preaching" is instructive and inspiring. I am
             grateful for your authorship of such an excellent book. It gave me a spiritual
             and ministerial boost that I really needed.

             I feel blessed to know you and to have been strengthened in my commitment to
             the ministry through your faithfulness.

             Dr. Daniel Wilson, pastor
              Raleigh Avenue Baptist Church, Homewood, Alabama



             Foreword by Dr. Stephen F. Olford and Preface by Major W. Ian Thomas

             More Endorsements

             Click here: http://www.webspawner.com/userstfranklinikirkseey/
             http://www.webspawner.com/users/franklinikirksey2/ ,
             hftp://www.webspawner.com/users/franklinikirksey3fndex.htrnl
             http://www.webspawner.com/users/franklinikirksey4b/ndex.html & bft://soundbiblicall2E@aching .faithweb.com




             Spanish Fort pastor focuses book on preaching

             By Karen L. Willoughby
             August 4, 2005

              A recent book on preaching is attracting the interest of laypeople and deacons as well as men
             .who feel called to the gospel ministry , according to its author, Alabama-native Franklin L.
              Kirksey, pastor of First Baptist Church , Spanish Fort.

             "Sound Biblical Preaching: Giving the Bible a Voice" was originally envisioned as a guide to
             those feeling a call to ministry , but that ended up being just a starting point, Kirksey said.

             "The ministry is difficult and many are giving up on it after the first few difficult situations," he
             said. "This book was written to encourage the young pastor who is starting out, the older
             pastor who is burning out and everyone in between."



             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0023695
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                        Page 5 of 6



              In addition , deacons and laypeople who read the book gain an understanding of God's
              demands on their pastors and the need to sit under biblical preaching , Kirksey said.

              The self-published 174- page book is concisely divided into three parts : accepting God's call to
              preach, affirming God's call to preach and apprehending God's call to preach.

              In "Sound Biblical Preaching ," Kirksey writes about the desire to preach , decision to become a
              preacher and delight of preaching.

              The devotion, dedication and determination of the preacher are covered in the second stage of
              the book.

              In the third , Kirksey moves to the definition and description of biblical preaching and the
              development and delivery of sound biblical sermons.

              "Dr. Kirksey, by his extensive research, has accumulated a great deal of godly wisdom in his
              book ... gleaned from a large number of godly men of considerable experience ," wrote Major
              W. Ian Thomas , a ministry leader in England, in the book 's preface.

              "The basic premise is that when God calls , you need to answer ," Kirksey said.

              "When God has truly called , that' s what you need to hold onto in tough times ," he said . "I have
              illustrations and quotations from great men; (Arkansas ) Governor Mike Huckabee says the
              quotations are worth the price of the book ."

              Kirksey wrote the book in 2000 and during the following year gathered at least 30
              endorsements for it that fill the first nine pages.

              It was published in 2004 through BookSurge Publishing of North Charleston, S.C.

              The late Stephen Olford , acclaimed preaching instructor from Memphis , Tenn., had this to say
              in the book's foreword : " Dr. Kirksey has surveyed the best evangelical gardens and picked
              some of the best flowers on the subject of preaching.

              "Preaching has always been the minister ' s greatest opportunity and responsibility . ... When
              preaching has been dynamic, the church has been strong ; where it has been insipid, the
              church has been weak."

             James W. Bryant of Criswell College in Dallas wrote that the strongest portion of the book is its
             third section, and the best material - development and delivery of sound biblical sermons -
             is found in the last two chapters.

             "In this brief but powerful book, Dr. Franklin Kirksey fleshes out what sound biblical preaching
             means for the life of the church today ," wrote Timothy George, dean of Beeson Divinity School
             at Samford University.

             The development'of a writing ministry emerged gradually in Kirksey 's life and first blossomed
             in 1987 with a pastor's column in a local newspaper. Since then , he has penned four gospel
             tracts, numerous items in Pulpit Helps magazine and LifeWay Christian Resources
             publications, among other things.


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0023696
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                    Page 6 of 6



               "The first step to beginning a writing ministry is prayer," Kirksey said. "If you sense the Lord's
               leadership to pursue a writing ministry, be willing to start small. The prophet Zechariah warns:
               'Do not despise the day of small beginnings.'"

              Gather the appropriate tools, he added. These might include a Bible, dictionary and thesaurus,
              as well as books on grammar and word usage. "When God places the desire to write within
              your heart, He will work in and through you for His glory," Kirksey said.

              While still promoting "Sound Biblical Preaching," Kirksey already is gathering material for his
              second book, which will be on the topic of revivals. It's a book Olford asked him to write, he
              said.

               "Why do I write? It's a passion and a burden and expansion of the ministry God has given. me,"
               Kirksey said. "Every time you see the Lord work, you're filled with wonder and awe."

               Kirksey's book is available on amazon.com and from the author.

              Available                from:                  http·//www thealabamabaptist orglprint-edition-article-detail php?
              id art=1045&pricat art=6 Accessed: 08/23/08




              Sound Biblical Preaching would be a great gift for those in the pulpit or the pew.

              Thank you for your kind consideration.

              Blessings,.

              Franklin

              Dr. Franklin L. Kirksey , pastor
              First Baptist Church of Spanish Fort
              30775 Jay Drive
              Spanish Fort, Alabama 36527
              251.626.6210
              fkirksey@bel lsouth.net
              Bio on PastorLife.com
              httpJ/www pastorlife com/memberslauthorbio asp?AUTHORID=3307


              Sound Biblical Preaching: Giving the Bible a Voice is now available in paperback and hardcover at a 20
              percent discount for libraries and a 40 percent discount for bookstores from BookSurge. These
              discounts must come from contacting BookSurge by calling 1 -866-308-6235 option 6 or by e-mail
              customerservicefnltbooksurge com .
    i




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSPO1_0023697
