Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
          Sent:                    Saturday, August 30, 2008 10:20 AM
          To:                      Sarah Palin
          Subject:                 FW: See what I made


          Sarah,



           Dan McDowell made a campaign t-shirt for you. Check it out.




           -----Original Message-----

           From: lastfrontierman@gci.net on behalf of Dan McDowell

          Sent: Sat 8/30/2008 9:08 AM

          To: McBride, Rhonda (GOV)

          Subject: See what I made



          Rhonda.

          I hope all Is well..

          Here is a T-shirt I had made Yesterday and wore to the state fair.

          I thought you would like this one..

          Show Sarah if you get the chance she will get a chuckle out of It

          So much for the Good 01 Boy Network.

          Your friend

          THE LAST FRONTIERSMAN

          232-8057




                                                             1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              Hi, from Bill Kristol                                                                           .Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                From:     McAllister, William D (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=WDMCALLISTERJ
                Sent:     Saturday, August 30,2008 1:32 PM
                To:       'gov.sarah@yahoo.com'
                Subject: Fw: Hl, from Bill Kristol

              Governor,

              Thought you might like to see this.

              Shall I travel to St. Paul as planned Monday? Anything you want in the meantime?

              -Bill



              Sent using BlackBerry


              From: William Kristol
              To: McAllister, William D (GOV)
              Sent: Sat Aug 30 09:14:56 2008
              Subject: HI, from Bill Kristol


              Hi there,

              You must have had an interesting couple of days ... Congratulations, and pis pass on to the
              Governor, if you would.... She might be interested in my editorial in new TWS, just up online..

              Would love to talk if you have a second , c: 202-230-9082

              Bill K


             Article URL is http:/ weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000LQOO/015/500 nwrhjq.asp?
             pg=2



             Let Palin Be Patin
             Why the left is scared to death of McCain's running mate.
             by William Kristol
             09/08/2008, Volume 013, Issue 48


             A spectre is haunting the liberal elites of New York and Washington--the spectre of a young, attractive,
             unapologetic conservatism, rising out of the American countryside, free of the taint (fair or unfair) of the
             Bush administration and the recent Republican Congress, able to invigorate a McCain administration
             and to govern beyond it.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01-0023705
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Hi, from Bill Kristol                                                                          Page 2 of 3



              That spectre has a name--Sarah Palin, the 44-year-old governor of Alaska chosen by John McCain on
              Friday to be his running mate. There she is: a working woman who's a proud wife and mother; a
              traditionalist in important matters who's broken through all kinds of barriers; a reformer who's a
              Republican; a challenger of a corrupt good-old-boy establishment who's a conservative; a successful
              woman whose life is unapologetically grounded in religious belief; a lady who's a leader.

              So what we will see in the next days and weeks--what we have already seen in th e hours after her
              nomination--is an effort by all the powers of the old liberalism, both in the Democratic party and the
              mainstream media, to exorcise this spectre. They will ridicule her and patronize her. They will distort
              her words and caricature her biography. They will appeal, sometimes explicitly, to anti-small town and
              anti-religious prejudice. All of this will be in the cause of trying to prevent the American people from
              arriving at their own judgment of Sarah Palin.

              That's why Palin's spectacular performance in her introduction in Dayton was so important. Her remarks
              were cogent and compelling. Her presentation of herself was shrewd and savvy. I heard from many who
              watched Palin--many of them not predisposed to support her--about how moved they were by her
              remarks, her composure, and her story. She will have a chance to shine again Wednesday night at the
              Republican convention.

              But before and after that, she'll be swimming in political waters infested with sharks. Her nickname
              when she was the starting point guard on an Alaska high school championship basketball team was
              "Sarah Barracuda." I suspect she'll take care of herself better than many expect.

              But the McCain campaign can help. The choice of Palin was McCain's own. Many of his staff expected,
              and favored, other more conventional candidates. The campaign may be tempted to overreact when one
              rash sentence or foolish comment by Palin from 10 or 15 years ago is dragged up by Democratic
              opposition research and magnified by a credulous and complicit media.

             The McCain campaign will have to keep its cool. It will have to provide facts and context, and to hit
             back where appropriate. But it cannot become obsessed with playing defense. It should allow Palin to
             deal with the charges directly and resist the temptation to try to shield her from the media. Palin is
             potentially a huge asset to McCain. He took the gamble--wisely, we think--of putting her on the ticket.
             McCain's choice of Palin was McCain being McCain. Now his campaign will have to let Palin be Palin.

             There will be rocky moments. But they will fade if the McCain campaign lets Palin's journey take its
             natural course over the next two months. Millions of Americans--mostly but not only women, mostly
             but not only Republicans and conservatives-seemed to get a sense of energy and enjoyment and pride,
             not just from her nomination, but especially from her smashing opening performance. Palin will be a
             compelling and mold-breaking example for lots of Americans who are told every day that to be even a
             bit conservative or Christian or old-fashioned is bad form. In this respect, Palin can become an
             inspirational figure and powerful symbol. The left senses this, which is why they want to discredit her
             quickly.

             A key moment for Palin will be the vice presidential debate, to be held at Washington University in St.
             Louis on October 2. One liberal commentator--a former U.S. ambassador and not normally an
             unabashed vulgarian-licked his chops Friday afternoon: "To steal an old adage of former Secretary of
             State James Baker .\u8201 ?\u8201 ?.\u8201 ?\u8201 ?. putting Sarah Palin into a debate with Joe Biden
             is going to be like throwing Howdy Doody into a knife fight!"

             Charming. And if Palin holds her own against Biden, as she is fully capable of doing? McCain will then



             8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0023706
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Hi, from Bill Kristol                                                                         Page 3 of 3


              have succeeded in combining with his own huge advantage in experience and judgment, a politician of
              great promise in his vice presidential slot who will make Joe Biden look like a tiresome relic . McCain's
              willingness to take a chance on Palin could turn what looked , after Obama's impressive speech Thursday
              night in Denver, like a long two months for Republicans and conservatives, into a campaign of
              excitement and--dare we say it?--hope, which will culminate on November 4 in victory.

              -William Kristol

              ® Copyright 2008 , News Corporation, Weekly Standard, All Rights
              Reserved.
              Brought to you by weeklystandard.com http: //weeklystandard.com/
              To subscribe to The Weekly Standard , go to https ://www.neodata .com/ITPS2.cgi?
              OrderType = Reply+Only = WSTD = WSTD . NEW <https ://www.neodata .com/ITPS2.cgi?
              OrderType= Reply+Only&ltemCode = WSTD&iResponse= WSTD. NEW>



              ------ End of Forwarded Message

              ------ End of Forwarded Message

              ------ End of Forwarded Message




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0023707
