Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
           Sent:                    Wednesday, September 03, 2008 9:57 AM
           To:                      Rhonda McBride; Perry-, Kristin Y (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Alaska's Rural Nature


           Excellent- thanks so much Rhonda!

           ------Original Message------

           From: Rhonda McBride

           To: Governor Sarah Palin

           To: Kris Perry

           Sent: Sep 3, 2008 10:26 AM

           Subject: Alaska's Rural Nature




           Saw an article this morning putting down Alaska as a state with a small population....
           that governing its small population really wasn't a big deal.



           In reality it's just the opposite.



          Alaska is really like five or six states. And governing it is much more complicated than
          most states.



          The federal government pioneered new aviation technology in Alaska, because it encompasses
          more geographic challenges than any other state. From the rain forests of Southeast... to
          the formidable peaks of Denali... to the tundra of Southwest... to the arctic ocean in
          Barrow.... Alaska is almost like a nation within a nation.     The challenges of just about
          every rural community in America have been played out in Alaska.



          Almost all branches of the. military regularly use Alaska for training because of these
          challenges.  With more miles of coastline than any other state, Alaska is on the forefront
          of climate change -- and the military is looking at helping us to move entire communities
          out of harm's way as an excercise in readiness training.



          Alaska's peoples are incredibly diverse.   We still hear Tlingit, Yupik and Athabascan,
          ancient Native languages spoken -- along with more than a hundred languages spoken in the
          Anchorage school district.   Alaska's strategic location has made it the crossroads for
          the world.



          This mix of cultures and challenges have made Alaska an exciting place, where America's
          can do spirit lives in our state's unique solutions -- whether it's as complex as building
          a natural gas pipeline... or running a dog team across a thousand miles of wilderness.




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0023753
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Just some thoughts...



           Hope they help.




           RHONDA MCBRIDE 'S CONTACT INFO:



           Personal E-mail:     rhonda9hats@mac.com

          Work E-mail:     rhonda.mcbride@alaska.gov

          Home:    (907) 258-2877

          Work:   (907) 269-7451

          Cell:   (907) 351-4240




          .Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One




                                                             2
