Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 10



                Unknown

                From:      Tom Miller [tommiller©ketchikandailynews.com]
                Sent:      Wednesday, September 03, 2008 2:40 PM
                To:        Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored); Ruaro; Randall P (GOV)
                Subject: Fwd: Palin's record - in Ketchikan - about the Bridge to Nowhere

              Randy,

              Tom Miller here, in Ketchikan. I thought you might like to see this e- mail I sent off to the media big
              shots this morning. I would send it to her and to the Republican establishment, but have no idea how to
              do that or how long before anyone might see it.

              Good luck in the new job.

             . Go Patin!

              Tom Miller
              Reporter
              tom@ketchikandailynews.com

              Begin forwarded message:

                       From: Tom Miller <tommiller@ketchikandailynews.com>
                       Date: September 3, 2008 12:36:04 PM ADT
                       To: evening@cbsnews.com, Foxreport@foxnews.com, Special@foxnews.com,
                       editor@usatoday.com, info@cnbc.com, wsj.ltrs@wsj.com, Colmes@foxnews.com,
                       6011@cbsnews.com, newshour@pbs.org, info@ap.org, news-tips@nytimes.com,
                      joe@msnbc.com, Ontherecord@foxnews.com, ElRushbo@eibnet.com,
                       Oreilly@foxnews.com, nightly@nbc.com, hardball@msnbc.com, nightline@abcnews.com
                      Subject: Palin's record - in Ketchikan - about the Bridge to Nowhere

                      Dear Media Moguls,

                      I am Tom Miller, a reporter at the Ketchikan Daily News for the past 18 years. Ketchikan is
                      the town on the other end of the Bridge to Nowhere.

                      Don't be fooled by bloggers or others saying Patin was inconsistent about the bridge when
                      she was in Ketchikan, offering limited support for the project, compared to how she acted as
                      governor, when she nixed it in its expensive form.

                      Here are stories written by our Ketchikan Daily News reporter, Scott Bowlen, about Patin in
                      Ketchikan while running for governor, and what she said later when she cut the bridge from
                      consideration. I've highlighted portions I think are pertinent to her stand on the issue.

                      She emphasized "reasonableness" and said at the beginning, in the first statement I know of
                      on the topic, that the bridge, as promoted, was "grandiose."

                      It's important to realize there were about 13 alternative designs for this bridge. It was the



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0023760
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 10


                     community that insisted on the most expensive version for various reasons.

                     From our Aug. 9, 2006, edition, when Palin campaigned in Ketchikan:
     S

                    Palin: It's about service to
                    people
                     By SCOTT BOWLEN
                     Daily News Staff Writer
                     While her opponents in the Aug. 22 gubernatorial primary election might be fighting to attract support from
                     the state's Republican Party machinery, Sarah Palin says her support is more from the independent , grass-
                     roots Republicans who believe in the planks of the party's platform : Sound resource development , respect for
                     equality, and support for competition and free enterprise.
                     "It's all about serving people," Palin said Saturday in Ketchikan.
                      "It's not about cronyism and the networks and the buying and selling of influence via special interests and big
                      campaign fundraisers ," she said. "I'm not into that. I'm not going to do that. That's not the way I'm
                      campaigning. That's not the way I will serve Alaskans as governor."
                      Palin, 42, was visiting Ketchikan for the Blueberry Arts Festival, where she had campaign booth.
                     It was Palin's first campaign stop in Ketchikan for the governor's race. She'd visited in 2002 while running
                     for lieutenant governor in the Republican primary election , a free-candidate race that she lost to Loren Leman
                     by a vote of 21,076 to 19,114 (29.3 percent to 26 .2 percent).      '     -
                     Although this is her second statewide campaign, Palin's best known in Wasilla, where she served two terms
                     on the Wasilla City Council and.six years as the city's mayor.
                     Wasilla has a "strong mayor" form of municipal government, meaning that the mayor serves as the
                     municipality's manager.
                     Palin said her accomplishments in that role included reducing property taxes every year she was in office;
                     eliminating personal property taxes and attracting investment to Wasilla.
                     In 2003, Gov. Frank Murkowski appointed Palin and Alaska Republican Party Chair Randy Ruedrich to the
                     Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission . Palin, who became chair of the commission, resigned in 2004
                     after finding that Ruedrich was conducting party business on state time.
                     She also was involved in a formal ethics complaint against then-Attorney General Gregg Renkes, who later
                     resigned the post.
                     "I haven't been hesitant to speak up and speak out when I see things amiss in the state administ ration, in the
                     Republican Party," Palin told reporters Saturday in Ketchikan . "I haven't hesitated in speaking up for
                     Alaskans, many of whom have expected me to do the right thing and not allow obsessive partisanship get in
                     the way of doing the right thing."
                     Palin talked with reporters about several issues of state and local interest , including the Murkowski
                     administration' s proposed natural gas pipeline contract and changes to the state 's oil production taxes.
                    Palin said the state ' s overall goal should be a "mutually beneficial relationship " with the multinational oil
                    corporations.
                     She noted that her husband, Todd Min, has worked in oil production on the North Slope for 18 years.
                    "I so appreciate and respect these multinational corporations ' contributions to our state, both personally - my
                    family's bread and butter - and as a regulator, understanding what the multinationals provide to the national
                    economy and our state economy ," she said.
                    Palin said she understands that oil company shareholders require their executives to stay focused on the
                    companies' bottom lines.
                    However, Alaska's CEO, the governor, has a constitutional mandate to look out for the state 's people and not
                    concede anything more than necessary to advance natural resource projects , she said.
                    Palin believes the gas line contract and oil tax changes should be separate issues.
                    Regarding oil production taxes, Palin said she prefers a simple system based on the gross value of a barrel of
                    oil rather than the governor's proposed system of taxing the companies' net profits.
                    "The problem... with a production profits tax is, let the accounting games begin ," Palin said. "We will have to
                    create a bureaucracy to audit British Petroleum and ConocoPhillips and what they report to us as their
                    expenses and their profits."
                    Palin said she doesn 't "have a lot of faith" in where the proposed natural gas pipeline contract is heading. She
                    said Murkowski's proposal isn't an actual contract to build the pipeline , just the terms of an agreement so the



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01 _0023761
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page 3 of 10


                    oil companies can study whether they might build a pipeline at some time in the future.
                    She said the process toward a gas pipeline should involve entities competing for the right to tap the resource,
                    "We should have a competitive and flexible environment, considering all viable options for this gas line,
                    instead of just negotiating (with) Exxon and British Petroleum," Palin said.
                    Another problem she sees is that the proposed contract doesn't contain a guarantee that there will be in-state
                    use of Alaska's gas.
                    "We're looking at - and it's an abhorrent thought to me - importing natural gas as Alaska is sitting on some
                    of the richest reserves on the globe," she said. "If we don't have a right to tap our own resources and fuel our
                    homes, our businesses, our economy first ... then the deficiencies in this gas line contract or agreement are too
                    great and we should not go forward with it"
                    She acknowledged, however, that the Legislature could decide those issues within the next few days, long
                    before she would occupy the governor's chair.
                    "I understand if the legislators so choose, that will be what I have to work with," she said.
                    Regarding her basic philosophy on general natural resource development issues, Palin said she adheres to the
                    state constitution's requirement to maximize the benefits of resource development for the people of Alaska.
                    She said she also understands the "significance and the importance of a clean, safe, sound environment "
                    Maintaining that will allow Alaskans and Americans who are concerned about a "clean, healthy environment
                    here" to support resource development in Alaska.
                    "We need their support," she said.



                    Support from other Americans and Alaskans is needed also to move forward
                    with the proposed bridge between Revillagigedo and Gravina islands, she
                    said.
                    "People across the nation struggle with the idea of building a bridge because
                    they've been under these misperceptions about the bridge and the purpose,"
                    said Palin, who described the link as the Ketchikan area 's potential for
                    expansion and growth.
                    The Ketchikan community now needs to have a strong , unified effort to say
                    whether it wants the bridge or not.
                    "And if you want the thing, there needs to be good justification," she said.
                    "There needs to be the reasonableness that the rest of Alaska and. the rest of
                    the United States wants to see."
                    She said that reasonableness could include a compromise in design and cost,
                    such as limiting the link to a single span instead of the two -span Revilla-
                    Pennock-Gravina route.
                    "It's pretty grandiose here, what is proposed," she said.
                    Palin said Alaska 's congressional delegation worked hard to obtain funding
                    for the bridge as part of a package deal and that she "would not stand in the
                    way of the progress toward that bridge."
                    She said she's been reading a lot about the stalled Swan Lake-Tyee Lake electrical intertie, and it sounds like
                    the state and federal government are pointing fingers, with each entity not wanting to provide funding until the
                    other one does.
                    "With as much investment as has already gone into this project, if it 's good for the consumer, then yes, we
                    need to contribute to this basic infrastructure," she said.
                    The intertie would be a "backbone" to the region's economy, she said.
                    Regarding Ballot Measure 2, part of which would create a state $50 per-passenger tax on cruise ship visitors,
                    Palin said she sees both sides of the issue.
                    Tourists use municipal infrastructure that is paid for by local property tax payers, and she'd like to see "all
                    industries contribute to eventually lead to lower property taxes across Alaska," she said. `On the other hand,
                    inherently, I just don't like taxes."
                    She said she'll be listening to the "mom-and pop" visitor businesses that cater to the independent travelers.
                    "If they tell me they are adversely affected by this head tax, I don't support it," she said. "The multinational



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0023762
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 10


                    corporations, those ships that are flagged in the Bahamas or other areas so they can escape the U.S . corporate
                    income tax and all the other kind of other loopholes they fit into, I'm not as worried about them as I am about
                    Alaskan-owned businesses."
                    Palin said the state needs to get state politics out of the Alaska Marine Highway System to allow ferry users
                    and the system's operators to cooperatively discuss the transportation needs of Southeast Alaska.
                    The ferry system is Southeast' s transportation system and it deserves respect, she said.
                    "We have our roads in Southcentral Alaska, (and) we put a lot of resources toward improvements constantly in
                    the road system," Palin said. "I think the ferry system deserves the same."
                    Palin said she has supported building a road to Juneau for years , but doesn't believe the current "Juneau
                    Access" proposal necessarily addresses the issue because it still requires a ferry ride.
                    "I don't look at what's proposed as a road out of Juneau when it goes to an as-yet -to-be-built ferry terminal,"
                    she said.
                    Also, Palin said she has lots of concerns about the project 's cost and maintenance issues.
                    Palin added that she thinks Juneau already is "doing a wonderful job as a community in allowing and creating
                    more access to the seat of government - and I would like to see the seat of government stay there in Juneau."
                    Palin's husband has a limited entry permit for the commercial set gillnet fishery in Bristol Bay.
                    Taking aim at the recent federal rationalization processes for Bering Sea/Aleutian Islands crab and now
                    groundfish, Palin said she's a proponent of free enterprise and competition in the commercial fishing industry.
                    "I want fishermen and fishing communities to be . able have much more of a say in where they are able to sell
                    their fish," Palin said, noting crew job losses and the "processor share" aspect of the crab rationalization
                    program-
                    "We need to be ever vigilant on the proposals for the processor shares that take away a fisherman 's right to
                    sell to whomever they deem is the best buyer who will provide the best market for their products," she said.
                    Standing up for all Alaskans is a central tenant of Palin's campaign, as is the concept of "positive change."
                    Palin readily admits that some of her opponents in the GOP Republican primary election field of Frank
                    Murkowski, John Binkley, Gerald Heikes and Merica Hlatcu have more political experience than she.
                    But she said that during her earlier campaign for lieutenant governor, people were telling her, "all those years
                    of experience don't necessarily lead to better public service. Maybe we do need new vision, new energy, new
                    ideas."
                    "That's what I had to offer then, and what I have to offer now," Palin said.
                    E-mail:sbowlen@ketchikandailynews.com




                    Here's one from Oct. 2, 2006, when she came to Ketchikan to debate other candidates:



                    Palin says to band together
                    By SCOTT BOWLEN
                    Daily News Staff Writer
                   Sarah Palin believes Alaskans must start working together - avoiding excessive partisanship and regional
                   divides - to advance a pro-Alaska agenda for building the infrastructure that the state needs to prosper.
                   "Really banding together, defending one another , defending our regions when we're up against so much
                   across the nation right now," Palin told local media Sept . 20 before the gubernatorial candidate forum in
                   Ketchikan.
                   Palin, a former mayor of Wasilla, is the Republican candidate for governor, facing Democrat Tony Knowles
                   and independent candidate Andrew Halcro in the Nov. 7 general election.
                   Her participation in the candidate forum marked her second campaign appearance in the Ketchikan ; the first
                   was during the Blueberry Arts Festival in early August before the GOP primary election in which she defeated
                   Gov. Frank Murkowski and challenger John Binkley.
                   After winning that election, said Palin , a lot of the early focus has been on fund -raising ("my least favorite part
                   of the campaign").
                   But there've also been efforts to repair relationships within the state Republican party damaged during the
                   contentious primary election.
                   "There's still some fences there, I guess, to be mended , but my mission there is - even in Anchorage where
                   the party headquarters and the party hierarchy are - focusing on uniting all Alaskans, not just those in the
                   Republican party who may not want to get on the train and move forward with the candidate who maybe was
                   not their chosen one," Palin said.
                   In that regard, Palin said she's encouraged by what she's seen across the state during the campaign thus far.


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01_0023763
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                              Page 5 of 10


                    Asked what issues she's hearing about from Southeast Alaskans, Palm said many residents here feel they've
                    been ignored in some sense.
    i               "I'm hearing from a lot of Southeast residents who believe that maybe they haven't been given their due
                    respect," she said. "Part of my agenda is making sure that Southeast is heard. That your projects are important.
                    That we go to bat for Southeast when we're up against federal influences that aren't in the best interest of
                    Southeast."

                    She cited the widespread negative attention focused on the Gravina Island
                    crossing project.
                    "We need to come to the defense of Southeast Alaska when proposals are on
                    the table like the bridge and not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project
                    or any other into something that's so negative," Palin said.
                    The Gravina bridge proposal has been a priority of Govs. Frank
                    Murkowski, Tony Knowles and previous governors as well as the Alaska
                    Department of Transportation, said Palin.
                    "There needs to be a link between Ketchikan and its future and its future
                    opportunities and progress, opening up land in this area," she said.
                    Patin said she was excited to see road construction projects under way in Ketchikan, which she views as a
                   good sign of progress and recognition that infrastructure is necessary for economic opportunity.
                    Her focus while in municipal government was on providing road, water and sewer infrastructure, she said.
                    "Making sure that government plays the proper role in providing the tools for the private sector to grow and to
                   progress," Palin said.
                    She addressed large-scale infrastructure projects in Southeast Alaska such as the half-completed Swan Lake-
                    Tyee Lake electrical intertie and the Juneau Access road.
                    Patin said she still hasn't heard "any compelling reason" that the Swan-Tyee link should not be finished. The
                   state and federal governments should be working together toward the final funding package.
                   "I want to see that project completed also, and provide low-cost energy for this area," PaIin said. "That's a
                    foundation of growth and opportunity - low-cost energy."
                   Patin added that the state has begun studying a power link between Southeast Alaska and the Canadian/Lower
                   48 electrical grid, but should stay focused on one project.
                   "I think we need to stay focused on one or the other and not kind-of halfheartedly put in tens of millions of
                   dollars like we have so far in this Swan-Tyee intertie, and then kind of shift gears a bit there, and start looking
                    at another connection elsewhere," she said.
                   Regarding the Juneau Access project, Patin said she and many other Alaskans want to be able to drive to the
                   capital city, adding that the ability to do so would remove an argument used by supporters of moving the
                   capital.
                   The Juneau Road would allow the Alaska Marine Highway System to redirect ferry resources away from Lynn
                   Canal and provide more consistent service to other Southeast Alaska communities that rely on ferry service.
                   "It's kind of a domino effect ... and that's one of the sensible things that I think should take place," she said.
                   Patin also voiced support for the AMHS and the Ketchikan Shipyard.
                   She also commented on timber and mining issues, noting that extreme environmental groups and some within
                   the federal government oppose the development of Alaska' s natural resources.
                   Patin said Alaska is obligated by its statehood compact and constitution to develop its resources so it can be
                   less reliant on the federal government.
                   "The governor has to defend Alaska's interests and go to bat for that idea of making sure that we have access
                   to our timber, to our resource development, so we can fulfill the obligations that we have," she said.
                   The state's Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute is doing a "fine job" of informing the world about the health
                   and cleanliness of seafood produced here, but more work is needed to improve the fishing industry itself';
                   according to Palm.
                   "I'm a commercial fisherman, my husband and I, in Bristol Bay," she said.
                   "(I recognize) that statewide we need to start looking at doing some things differently to revitalize the
                   industry, to market the industry even better."
                   More competition among processors for fishermen's catch would help boost the value for the harvesters, she
                   said, using her own fishery as an example.
                   "I sell my fish in Bristol Bay to Peter Pan ... because they're the only processors there," she said. "If we had
                   competing buyers in the region ... I think you'd see more value for the product that we're supplying."
                   The state can have a role in allowing the needed competition, said Patin.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01 _0023764
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                Page 6 of 10

    I
                    If elected, she said, her administration would work toward achieving a balance among the fishermen, regions
                    and processors. One way to do that is to get politics out of the board and council processes that decide Alaska
                    fishery issues.
                    "In the past we have seen some special interests, it seems to be, dictating some of the decisions that have been
                    made, when we talk about with rationalization in the Kodiak area especially, and processor shares which.
                    resulted in about 30 percent fewer crew members being needed, the jobs in the local communities being
                    eliminated because of rationalization in some areas," Patin said.
                    "We have to look at balance in these decisions that are being made, and understand that what is good for the
                    fishermen is good for the processors and it's good for the local communities," Patin said.
                    Regarding another industry of importance in Southeast Alaska, Patin was asked whether she would look at
                    changing some aspects of the recently approved state Ballot Measure 2 that institutes a $50 state head tax on
                    cruise ship passengers along with several other requirements of cruise ship operations and disclosures of some
                    business price mark-up information.
                    Patin said it was too early to say the ballot measure has caused negative impacts on the industry. She said the
                    measure itself was long and convoluted, but she believes most Alaska voters focused on the head tax in
                    making their decision.
                    "I think that's what caught their attention and I think there 's an atmosphere right now anyway, of distrust of
                    government in this state, distrust of industry," Patin said. "And I think this was a tool that a lot oAlaska
                    voters used to say, `Come on now, these are outside interests coming in to utilize our infrastructure and all
                    these attributes of Alaska. That industry needs to pay its fair share.'"
                    Any legal challenge to the ballot measure more likely would be directed at its non-tax provisions, she said.
                     "If there's going to be litigation and a challenge, A, we need to figure out what is the grave concern," Plain
                    said.
                    For example, if the measure's requirement for disclosure of certain kinds of proprietary information causes
                    problems for businesses and violates existing law, "I could see that that's where this litigation will go," she
                    said.
                    Patin said she thinks the $50 cruise head tax should provide some relief for local property tax payers.
                    "I think that was kind of inferred as part of the deal also - that as cruise ship passengers help with the
                    infrastructure improvements, that will lessen the burden on local property tax payers ," she said. "I hope that
                    local property tax payers do see that relief so they're not ... disenchanted with this type of system."
                    Speaking of another type of revenue relief, Patin said it's a "shame" that the state's program to share part of its
                    revenues with municipalities has "dried up"
                    She said the state could afford municipal revenue sharing back when the price of oil, the primary source of
                    state government revenue, was at $9 a barrel. Now, with oil prices much higher, the state says it can't afford
                    the program, said Patin.
                    "Local government is the most responsive, and responsible level of government," Patin said. "Where the
                    wealth of the state can be trickled down into local communities and into the hands of the people that live here,
                    and the local communities can prioritize best for the needs, the services to be provided."
                    Sharing revenue also helps curtail "overgrowth" of state government, she said.
                    Overall, said Patin, there's a recognition within Alaska that it' s time to start working together and not allowing
                    "politics as usual" to get in the way of the state's progress. That includes defending Alaska's interests on the
                    national level.
                    "Alaska's not looked at real highly by many across the nation and that's so unfortunate because the people
                    who live here are good, hardworking people who don't necessarily want a lot of government in their lives,"
                    Patin said. "But the infrastructure that's needed here in order for it to get on the right road to self-sufficiency,
                    we do need that cooperation with the federal government and we do need cooperation from the other 49 states
                    to help us progress."
                    E-mail:sbowlen@ketchlkandailynews.com




                    Finally, published on Sept. 22, 2007, when the decision was made to not support the
                    expensive version:



                    It's official:

              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA_GSP0I_0023765
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 7 of 10




                   Palin nixes F-1 bridge
                   alternative; local reps
                   disappointed to hear it
                   By SCOTT BOWLEN
                   Daily News Staff Writer
                   and The Associated Press

                   Gov. Sarah Palin announced Friday that the state's preferred alternative for the Gravina
                   Access project is no longer an option, making official what the state transportation
                   commissioner warned the community at a Chamber of Commerce luncheon here last month.
                   But Palin has indicated that she'll take local mayors up on their invitation to come to
                   Ketchikan to discuss access issues.
                   Palin has directed the Alaska Department of Transportation to look for "the most fiscally
                   responsible alternative" for linking Revillagigedo Island with Graving Island and the
                   Ketchikan International Airport.

                   "Ketchikan desires a better way to reach the airport, but the $398 million
                   bridge is not the answer," Gov. Sarah Palin said in a prepared statement.
                   Other bridge options can be considered, said Sharon Leighow, Palin's deputy press
                   secretary.
                   But any bridge option will cost "hundreds of millions of dollars," Leighow said. She said
                   the Ketchikan Gateway Borough had asked DOT to look at ferry options, "and that's what
                   we're going to focus on."
                   About $36 million in federal money intended for Gravina Access now will be available for
                   other projects in Alaska, according to the announcement.
                   Palin has directed DOT Commissioner Leo von Scheben to develop a list of uses for that
                   money.
                   "There is no question we desperately need to construct new roads in this state, including in
                   Southeast Alaska, where skyrocketing costs for the Alaska Marine Highway System present
                   an impediment to the state's budget and the region's economy," von Scheben said in a
                   prepared statement.
                   Local mayors and legislators voiced strong displeasure with Palin's decision - and with
                   the idea that even more of the federal funding that had been sought by community members,
                   legislators and the Alaska congressional delegation to improve access to Gravina likely will
                   be used elsewhere.
                   In addition, the Palin administration and DOT did not attempt to contact Sen. Bert Stedman,
                   R-Sitka, co-chair of the Senate Finance Committee, or Rep. Kyle Johansen, R-Ketchikan,
                   chair of the House Transportation Committee, about the decision until Friday morning.
                   "I am livid," Johansen said Friday afternoon.
                   He said the governor's decisions, von Scheben's comments in the press release and the
                   absence of effort to involve the local community display a lack of respect, statesmanship
                   and leadership.
                   "I think obviously there's a disconnect with the governor's office and what's important to
                   this community," Johansen said.


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0023766
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 8 of 10


                    Ketchikan Gateway Borough Mayor Joe Williams and City of Ketchikan Mayor Bob
                    Weinstein said they learned of the decision via Palin's press release and press reports on
                    Friday morning.
                    "I think we're disappointed as much in the process of the decision and how we got to that
                    decision as much as the decision itself," Weinstein said on behalf of himself and Williams
                    during a press conference late Friday morning. .
                    The mayors and lawmakers questioned the governor's action in light of her many calls for
                    open and transparent government.
                    "We got (Friday's) news release like everyone else did," Williams said. "Where is the
                    participation of the local people? Would she do this to her local constituents in Wasilla?"
                    Stedman said that improving access to Graving has been an economic priority for
                    Ketchikan, the State of Alaska and the congressional delegation for more than 30 years.
                    "I'm shocked that the governor would ignore the significant energy, hard work and financial
                    resources already invested in the project," Stedman said.
                    Republicans U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens and U.S. Rep. Don Young championed the project
                    through Congress two years ago, securing $223 million in funds for the bridge.
                    Under mounting political pressure over pork projects, Congress stripped the earmark - or
                    stipulation --- that the money be used for the airport.
                    Ultimately, Congress still sent the money to the state, but for any use it deemed appropriate.
                    The state eventually took much of that money for other projects around the state.
                    A spokeswoman from Young's office said he would have no comment. Stevens spokesman
                    Aaron Saunders said Friday that Stevens is interested in how the state uses remaining funds.
                     Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R -Alaska, said safe and reliable access to the airport has been a
                    Ketchikan priority for more than three decades.
                    "When the State of Alaska requested resources to build a bridge, the congressional
                    delegation worked hard to secure funding," Murkowski said in a prepared statement. "It is
                    unfortunate for the people of Ketchikan that the state has chosen to re-prioritize its support
                    of the project."
                    Though the earmark was removed, it still is being held up as the centerpiece example of
                    waste and poor prioritizing by lawmakers.
                    Just last month, presidential candidate Sen. John McCain, R -Arizona, weighed in, saying
                    pet projects could have played a role in a Minnesota bridge collapse that killed 13 people.
                    "Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect
                    those bridges and other bridges around the country," McCain told a group of people in a
                    town-hall style meeting in Ankeny, Iowa.
                    "Maybe the 200,000 people who cross that bridge every day would have been safer than
                    spending $233 million of your tax dollars on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people
                    on it."
                    Ketchikan Gateway Borough Assembly Member Mike Painter said the label "bridge to
                    nowhere," is misplaced.
                    "The fact is, that's our international airport across the channel," Painter said. "Somewhere
                   .in the neighborhood of 300,000 people go back and forth annually to the airport."

                   ,On Friday, Palin 's statement said the Ketchikan-Gravina project was $329
                   million short of getting fully funded.
                   "The federal government is less and less interested in continuing to fund
                   these projects, she said. "It can 't be a state priority for DOT when we have
                   much-needed road and bridge improvements. Our intention is to work with
                   the community to find a sensible and efficient shuttle connection, a better
                   ferry service."


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 P RA_GSP01 _0023767
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 9 of 10


                    The bridge alternative that 's now officially off the table is the so-called "F-
                    1" option, which includes two high bridges , one each over the east and west
                    channels of Tongass Narrows, respectively, and touching on Pennock Island.
                    Identified as the project 's preferred alternative in the 2005 final Gravina
                    Access Environmental Impact Statement, the F-i option is estimated by the
                    state to cost about $398 million.
                    "We will continue to look for options for Ketchikan to allow better access to
                    the island," Palin said. "The concentration is not going to be on .a $400
                    million bridge."
                    Weinstein said DOT has "padded"' its bridge estimates, while low-balling estimates for
                    projects that he said the agency would rather build.
                    "The cost of the proposed Ketchikan project had been repeatedly hyper-inflated while the
                    cost for other projects, such as the Juneau Access road, have been consistently
                    underestimated or have had no inflation because a nucleus of Southeast DOT people and
                    other DOT staff members, which, in my mind, are members of what can best be described
                    as a cabal, happen to be proponents of other projects," Weinstein said.
                   John MacKinnon, DOT's deputy commissioner for highways, said Friday
                   that $398 million estimate resulted from several . factors, including the type
                   of design needed to satisfy the desires for cruise ships to be able to pass
                   underneath and for no structures higher than the bridge deck to interfere
                   with float plane traffic.
                   "As this thing evolved ... almost everything about it is probably the most
                   expensive thing you could have done ," MacKinnon said.
                   He added that inflation rates for construction using concrete and steel have
                   increased "significantly" in recent years.
                   "The comment that we have artificially inflated the cost of the bridge, I
                   don't buy that," MacKinnon said.
                   He said the federal National Environmental Policy Act requires the state to
                   re-open the EIS record of decision , re-examine the alternatives , and select a
                   new alternative.
                   "We're not starting from scratch," MacKinnon said of the process. "A vast
                   amount of the work has already been done."
                   But the lawmakers and mayors question the state 's interest in the project.
                   "If you're the DOT and you do not want to build this project- like DOT has not wanted to
                   build this project forever - what do you do?" Johansen said.
                   More study adds further delay and cost, he said.
                   "Every year that you wait it gets more expensive," Johansen said. "It's a waiting game....
                   It's basically a stall tactic to kill the project."
                   Weinstein noted that DOT officials have said that different types of hard links, such as a
                   steel bridge, might cost in the more-affordable range of $200 million to $220 million.
                   "But certainly, even if the hard access turns out to be not affordable under the current
                   climate, there clearly needs to be improvements to the ferry system, especially for long-term
                   benefit of this community," Weinstein said. "By taking. the money, that can't even happen."
                   The state's original diversion of a large portion of the $223 million in federal highway
                   funding to other projects still rankles many in Ketchikan. Losing what's described as the
                   remaining $36 million in federal funds for projects elsewhere is especially difficult to take,
                   said the mayors and lawmakers.
                   "It should not be spread over the state of Alaska," Williams said. "The state of Alaska did


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1_0023768
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                          Page 10 of 10


                   not seek after those funds. It was the community of Ketchikan that sought after the funds. If
                   the decision was ever made that a bridge was not affordable, those funds should still remain
                   in the community of Ketchikan , and if (that) means just living off the interest to operate our
                   ferry system, then so be it."
                   Johansen also took exception to von Scheben 's comment that increased costs for the state
                   ferry system are impeding the state budget and the region 's economy.
                   "This is not a subsidy; the marine system is integral to our economy," he said. "If the
                   governor can fmd a road in Alaska that makes money I will go up there and do a jig on it."
                   Johansen noted that he, Stedman and Williams. attended the Southeast Conference meeting
                   this week in Skagway . Several DOT officials were present , but they didn't mention that a
                   bridge decision was being made, he said.
                   Stedman said Palin's advocacy of open and transparent government "certainly doesn't seem
                   to exist in this case."
                   "This governor never misses an opportunity to advocate for involving Alaskans in the
                   governmental decision-making process ," Stedman said in a prepared statement . "So it's
                   troubling that she would take such drastic unilateral action without consulting either the
                   Legislature or the affected community.""
                   Williams and Weinstein extended the invitation to Palin to visit Ketchikan and talk with the
                   community about the decision and improving access to Gravina.
                   "I don't want her to send her employees," Williams said. "It was not her employees that
                   made that decision. It was her that made that decision . ... I want her to bring her people who
                   helped her make that decision and explain to us in person, why the bridge was cut."
                   Palin administration spokesperson Leighow said that , "If a community leader feels slighted,
                   it certainly wasn't intentional."
                    Palin will accept the mayors ' invitation, Leighow said.
                   "The governor looks forward to visiting Ketchikan. and working on access issues," Leighow
                   said.
                   Some ofthe reaction to the bridge decision Friday has been positive, as well.
                   That includes the Alaska Transportation Priorities Project, an Anchorage-based group that
                   promotes "sensible transportation systems in the state.
                   "With federal funding in decline , the state doesn't have the money for new transportation
                   mega-projects, so Gov. Palin was wise to cancel the Gravina bridge project," said ATPP
                   Director Lois Epstein, who also urged Palin to "carefully scrutinize" the proposed Juneau
                   Access and Knik Arm bridge projects.
                   Saying the group supports improved ferry access to Gravina , Epstein said the remaining
                   federal money should stay in Ketchikan.
                   "With some. upgrades and proper maintenance, the ferry system ... will serve the community
                   and visitors well," she said in a prepared statement.

                   Tom Miller
                   Reporter
                   tom@ketchikandailynews.com
                   907-225-3157
                   907-617-1914 (cell)




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP0I _0023769
