Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                         Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:     Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNOR]
                Sent:     Thursday, September 04, 2008 3:30 PM
                To:       Cayce; Sunny C (DOA)
                Subject: FW: (Corrected) Time Sensitive for Trusted Staffer with Lead on VP Selection




              From: Robert Steele [mai[to:oss.net@cox.net}
              Sent: Friday, August 29, 2008 4:20 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Cc: jwkatz@alaskade.org
              Subject: (Corrected) Time Sensitive for Trusted Staffer with Lead on VP Selection


              CORRECTED to destroy docx and substitute doc in the proposed McCain stump speech.

              For Michael Nizich in Juneau and John Katz in DC

              I have faxed the attached to the numbers I have for both of you , but this being a holiday week-end, am hoping
              someone on duty might forward this time sensitive and politally helpful email for routing to the Governor.

              CoS: Note the two deputy vice presidents , a perfect chance to bring in Senator Nunn for National Security and
              Mike Huckabee or someone else for Commonwealth . We can win this but not with politics as usual.

              I can be up there this week-end if desired. My 24/7 cell is 703.242.1701.

              Mr. Katz, should you wish, I would welcome an opportunity to be helpful to your office here in DC in any way
              possible. This is a historic opportunity and I not only want to be part of it, but I believe
              that Governor Patin was an inspired choice and merits the very best intellectual and substantive support we can
              all bring to bear. As one example,. if someone were to email me scheduled appearances and intended focus, I
              could provide single pages, lots of white space, with substantive bullets and one powerful visualization. I can do
              this and remain invisible . Attached is a slide on energy that I developed for a new venture fund seeking to relate
              its proposed alternative energy strategy to every single threat and each of the twelve major policy domains. The
              one slide (simple or complex), developed with bullets , could help the Alaska Governor play the energy card in a
              much more nuanced and compelling manner.

              I can be, if you wish it, an ace in the hole as a ghost writer. I knew Gore 's staff during the long eight years, and I
              can tell you from that experience that what I learned was how a Vice President can waste eight years trying to be
              a second fiddle. A proper Vice President can and should be a combination of Chief Operating Officer freeing the
              President to focus on the strategic, *and* an iconoclast exploring unconventional solutions that are being filtered
              out by the legions that seek to protect their own access to the President A Vice President that is "open" will win
              this. A vice president that creates a Citizens Cabinet online now , and spends two months with staff support
              leading a virtual cabinet of citizens who grapple with reality, limited resources, and needed trade-offs, ultimately
              comping up with a citizens balanced budget that she can point to in the week before the election as
              representative of the power of WE, will win this. I have spent eight years doing the homework and am eager to
              place all of this in the direct service of those whom she has learned to trust, i.e. the two of you and those you
              oversee.

              Robert Steele
              CEO, OSS .Net, Inc.




              8/28/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0023771
