Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Thursday, September 04, 2008 8:44 AM
                To:       Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: WICHE Policy Alert - September 2, 2008 - Community College Research Center. Policies and
                         practices for dual enrollment in CA




              From: Public Policy & Research [mailto:policy@wiche.edu]
              Sent: Tuesday, September 02, 2008 9:38 AM
              To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
              Subject: WICHE Policy Alert - September 2, 2008 - Community College Research Center: Policies and practices
              for dual enrollment in CA




              WICHE Policy Alerts - September 2, 2008 -
              Community College Research Center:
              Policies and practices for dual enrollment
              in CA
              Recently released by the Community College Research Center , "Dual Enrollment Policies and
              Practices: Earning College Credit in California High
              Schools" (http//www.tc.columbig.edu/centers/concurrentcourses/puublicationg .html) is intended
              to inform educators, policymakers, administrators, and researchers about current policies and
              practices that shape dual enrollment in California . The report clarifies current policy and shares
              examples of existing programs that are successfully providing college credit opportunities to
              California high school students . It draws from lessons learned in the development of the
              Concurrent Courses initiative.

              The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education (WICHE) strives to maintain excellent communication
              with the education policy and research communities. To subscribe or unsubscribe to the Policy Alerts and/or Stat
              Alerts distribution lists, please email your name, title, and organization to Jeanette Porter at jporter@wiche. edu.
              These electronic distribution lists are used only to support ICHE-sponsored programs and to share resources
              about relevant issues in higher education policy and research. As an additional resource, WICHE maintains a
              Policy Publication Clearinghouse on the web at hffp:1Awiche.edu/policv/Clearinghouse. which includes past Policy
              Alerts and Stat Alerts, as well as other studies, reports, surveys, and policy briefs.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0023775
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              9/2 Business, the Elections, and You                                                                                Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Thursday, September 04, 2008 2:03 PM
                To:        Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Weekly: Business, the Elections, and You




              From : membership@uschamber.com [mailto:membership@uschamber.co nI
              Sent: Tuesday, September 02, 2008 1:33 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Weekly: Business, the Elections, and You

                                                                     View this online.
                                          http://www.uschamber.info/notice-desaiption .tci?newsistter id=3Q417754




                                                                Tuesday, September 2, 2008

                        Business , the Elections, and You
                        By Tom Donohue, President and CEO

                                        It seems pundits declare every election the most important one in a generation , but this       1
                                        time they could actually be right ! This election will help decide one fundamental question:
                                        Will America's economy remain free and open -generating jobs, prosperity, and
                                        opportunity-or will it be saddled with excessive taxes , regulations, and lawsuits that will
                                        undermine its competitiveness?

                        We have a saying at the U.S. Chamber-politics comes before policy. In other words, it's easier to get the
                        right people elected in the first place-and keep reelecting them-than to try to convince other office
                        holders to support our positions.
                                                                                                           >> Join the conversation.

                      Capital Roundup

                      Here are a few of the exclusive stories appearing on our Web site this week.
                      Visit uschambermagazine.com for the very latest news, updates, and special features.
                                   Chamber: No Room for Compromise on Card Check, FMLA Expansion
                                   The Chamber is prepared to work with unions on issues where there is room for compromise
                                   but is ready to fight on behalf of employers against expansion of family leave, mandatory paid
                                   leave, and efforts to cut employers out of the union election process , says the Chamber's Vice
                                   President of Labor, Immigration & Employee Benefits Randy Johnson.

                                   Chamber Economist Warns Against Tax Hikes As Economy Heads Into Recession
                                   The U.S. economy will get weaker before it gets better, sliding into a "relatively short and mild"
                                   recession towards the end of the year, says U.S. Chamber Chief Economist Marty Regalia.




                        In This Issue                                                  Featured




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                        PRA GSP01 _0023776
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               9/2 Business, the Elections, and You                                                                                              Page 2 of 2



                       In Your Backyard: Gustav Insurance Claims Could Top                        September Is National Preparedness
                       $10 Billion                                                                Month
                       Economy: Housing Market Shows Signs of Stabilization                       At least I in 4 businesses never reopen
                                                                                                  after a disaster. Make sure that doesn't
                       Big Labor's New Assault                                                    happen to you. Make a plan.

                       Trial Lawyer Earmarks Exposed                                                          >> Visit Ready.gov to get started.
                       Going for Business Gold in China




                      Member Benefits

                       New LTL Shipping Solutions to Meet Your Needs!

                       Chamber members receive a 65% discount with the carriers of YRC                                             mtnunstery-
                       Worldwide. Yellow Transportation , Roadway, New Penn, USF Holland,
                       and USF Reddaway offer a full range of service options to meet your
                       needs-including lift-gate service , residential delivery , and exhibit
                       service. The YRC Worldwide carriers move your business anywhere you
                       need to go.

                                                >> To start saving , go online or call 800-293-0414,



                                                            uschamber.com Weekly I Editor. John Reid
                                                             Writers: Sheryl Poe, Giovanni Coratolo
                     You received this message because you are a member of the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce, which has
                      partnered with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to bring you additional member benefits , including members-
                     only access to our online Small Business Center, as well as other periodic communi cations. To simply change
                      your e- mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on your subscd on
                                                                  management page.

                         The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is solely responsible for the editorial and advertising content in this
                        newsletter. Advertisements do not constitute endorsement by the Alaska State Chamber of Commerce.

                                                       You are subscribed as: govemor @9ov.state.ak.us

                                                                         Your Account
                                                   Receive as plain text I Manage all Chamber subscriptions

                                                           Remove me from uschamber.com Weekly.
                       htto/Miww usch8mber infoffe           mber/remove-domains     t ?clod oL,nter&nkey-w73wgb6r17md(f

                    If you do not wish to receive U.S. Chamber messages related to the partnership , reply to this e-mail with REMOVE as the subject
                    One, or click here. To simply change your e-mail preferences or Small Business Center password , please update your profile on
                    your Subscription Management Pace . You must follow these instructions in order to ensure that you are properly removed. For
                    more information about U.S. Chamber member benefits, call our dedicated customer service line at 1-800.638 -6582. .




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                                       PRA_GSP01_0023777
