Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVERNORJ
                Sent:     Thursday, September 04, 2008 8:03 AM
                To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Basketball Team???




              From: Andrew Gordon [mailto:nodrogll4@hotmail.com]
              Sent Tuesday, September 02, 2008 8:12 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Basketball Team???

              HI Sarah
              I live in Northern Ireland, and am following the "Race for the Whitehouse " with great interest. It is refreshing to
              see a "new" face entering the race, and good luck in your quest - but that's not what I am e-mailing about!

              We, too, have a Downs Syndrome son - Paul . He is 31 and an absolute joy. And he is a great playmaker on the
              basketball court ! So don't stop in your aim to have a basketball team - all you need now is a few more for the
              bench!

              Paul attends the local College; has qualifications in hairdressing; has canoed down many rivers in France; has
              represented Northern Ireland Mencap at soccer in 3 European Championships ; he is on the path to compete in
              the Special Olympics in swimming; has spent six weeks in Cambridge , Toronto on work experience ; and has been
              invited to be part of a theatre company 50 miles away from home for the coming year. He has a much fuller
              social life than my wife, Evelyn and meM!

              And Paul Is just one of the many Downs adults In our area - all living full and fullfilling lives.
              So the future is bright for your little Trig. And I know that the rest of your children will be so proud of him - Pauls
              brothers and sister - all younger - adore him and even now that they are all living away from home , keep in touch
              with him by phone, letter and e-mail

              Love Trig and cherish him - he is one of the special ones.

              My mother once told me that not everybody is entrusted with a Downs Syndrome child - only those who need
              one! You know, I believe her!

              Good luck in the future (and the race) Sarah, and give our love to the family, and a big hug for Trig



              It Andy Gordon



              Try Facebook in Windows Live Messenger ! T it ow!




              8/28/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023779
