Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemorralaska.gov]
          Sent:                    Friday, September 05, 2008 7:53 AM
          To:                      'Rolland B Heiss'
          Subject:                 RE: First. Gentleman of Alaska


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan
          political purposes.    Please do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan
          political activities to this e-mail address or any other state of Alaska office. Also,
          please do not send donations, contributions, or written correspondence to the state Office
          of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and
          candidates can be found by calling, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that
          particular. candidate.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: Rolland B Heiss [mailto:rbheiss@juno.com]

          Sent: Tuesday, September 02, 2008 3:57 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: RE: First Gentleman of Alaska




             Is there any way to contact Mr. Todd Palin and request an autographed

          photo from the 4 time Iron Dog champion? We'd sure love that down here

          in Washington State! Perhaps you could be so kind as to forward this

          request to him?



          Rolland and Amy Heiss

                                                               I




                                                                                                           PRA GSPOI_0023792
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           1202 S . West St.

           Airway Heights , WA 99001



           Thank you for your time,



           Rolland and Amy



           rbheiss@juno.com



           Easy-to- use, advanced features ,   flexible phone systems .     Click here for more info.

           http :// thirdpartyoffers . juno . com/TGL2141/fc/Ioyw6i3ohtZxVaTFNdNZoPV4DuNWCwH2eEuccjEmQADoRx
           YVmdCBj1/




                                                            2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0023793
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From:     Sheffield, William J. [SheffieldWJ@ ci.anchorage.ak.usl
                Sent:     Friday, September 05, 2008 2:32 PM
                To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV)
                Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); McAllister, William D (GOV)
                Subject: Invitation to VP Candidate Palin
     I
              September 5, 2008


              Dear Governor Palin,

              Your acceptance speech was excellent - over the top! If John McCain wanted to excite and energize his
              campaign, he really did it. You are doing a great job, in spite of a mean spirited press corps. That will all
              settle down soon. All of the local and national press, the daily talk shows and the late night shows are all
              about Sarah Palin from that small town in Alaska. We are proud of you and your family.

              I realize I'm taking a long shot here, but I'd like to see if you could come to Alaska for a few hours the
              week of September 21 through 25 to speak to the American Association of Port Authorities (AAPA)
              convention here in Anchorage. We are the first convention to be held in the impressive new Dena'ina
              Convention Center. In attendance will be some 700 people - Port Directors, Port Commissioners, and
              transportation, infrastructure and supply companies - from throughout the United States, Canada, the
              Caribbean, South America and Mexico. We would be extremely proud if you could join us and briefly
              address this group as Alaska's Governor and as a Vice Presidential candidate.

              We would of course accommodate your schedule at any time during those five days but some ofthe
              highlighted events where you could address the group are:

              Tuesday, September 23^1 - Opening ceremonies from 8:45 a.m. to 10: 00 a.m. This will be a spectacular
              event.

              Tuesday, September 23rd - Prior to a luncheon featuring Vice Admiral Thomas Barrett, U.S. Deputy
              Secretary of Transportation.

              Wednesday, September 24th - Prior to a luncheon that highlights AAPA awards or at 2:00 p.m. prior to the
              delegates' departure for a train ride from Anchorage to Grandview and return.

              Thursday, September 25th - Anytime during that day but it would be very special to have you speak briefly
              at our Gala Dinner that gets underway at 6:30 p.m.

              As you know, the new Dena 'ina can accommodate up to 3,300 people and if you were to appear, I'm
              certain at least that many people would be there - AAPA delegates and Alaskans alike. Maybe an Alaska
              send-off rally?

              Please think about it and I'd appreciate your giving it serious consideration. Thanks.

              Bill Sheffield




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023794
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                        Page I of I



                Unknown

                From:     Mason, Janice L (GOV) [janice. mason@alaska.govl
                Sent:     Friday, September 05, 2008 5:22 PM
                To,       Governor Sarah Paln (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:       Provost; Kathryn T (GOV)
                Subject: RE: Alaska Governors Salary

              I received a phone call that was from a different citizen but said almost the same thing! Yes, I think we need to
              make Randy aware of what is being asked out there. Thanks, Janice


              From: Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored)
              Sent: Friday, September 05, 2008 5:18 PM
              To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)
              Cc: Provost, Kathryn T (GOV)
              Subject: FW: Alaska Governor's Salary

              Janice - thoughts on who'll be addressing these kinds of concerns ? Randy? Thanks!

              Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Patin. The concerns, opinions , and/or information you have sent
              are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself,
              your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best
              address your need, suggestion, or comment.


              Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan political purposes. Please
              do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan political activities to this e-mail address or any other
              state of Alaska office. Also, please do not send donations, contributions, or written correspondence to the state
              Office of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and candidates can be
              found by calling, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that particular candidate.


              From: Jack Donohoe [mallto:JackDC@cet.com]
              Sent: Thursday, September 04, 2008 7:26 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palln (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Alaska Governor's Salary

              As a 36 year resident and registered Independent , I would like to know if Governor Paln is being paid by the
              State of Alaska while she works for John McCain and the Republican Party . Are there regulations that preclude
              her collecting money for her state job when she obviously isn't spending any time on it at all? Is she taking a
              leave of absence? Is the Republican Party paying for travel or is Alaska paying for that? Our Governor should
              put Alaska and the citizens of Alaska first That is what she was elected to do. If she is unwilling to do that she
              should resign. It is my opinion that her nasty speeches on the national level will turn off over half of the population
              and hurt Alaska 's image.

              Pat Wilson
              pwilson gci.net




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0023795
