Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Monday, September 08, 200810:26 AM
                To:        'Steve Sautner'
                Subject: RE: NAAA Convention/scholarships

                        Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns , opinions, and/or information you
                        have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and
                        every email herself, your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff
                        person in this office who can best address your need , suggestion, or comment


                        Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan political purposes.
                        Please do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan political activities to this e-mail
                        address or any other state of Alaska office. Also, please do not send donations, contributions, or written
                        correspondence to the state Office of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. information about
                        elections and candidates can be found by caging, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that particular
                        candidate.




                        From: Steve Sautner [mailto:steve@daaofalaska.com]
                        Sent: Thursday, September 04, 2008 3:10 PM
                        To: Governor Sarah Palm (GOV sponsored)
                        Subject: FW: NAAA Convention/scholarships




                        Greetings,

                        My name is Steve Sautner , owner of Dealers Auto Auction of Alaska, Inc. in Anchorage . We are a long
                        time Alaska business that employees 20 full time people . We are members of the National Auto Auction
                        Association , which will be holding their annual convention at the Marriott Wardman Park hotel in
                        Washington D.C. at the end of this month . This is a very large convention , which attracts high level
                        executives from all areas of the automobile industry. During this convention, members from various
                        states donate items to be auctioned for the benefit of the NAAA Scholastic Foundation. This foundation
                        provides scholarships to the children of employees in the industry , whom have excelled and have shown
                        motivation to continue their education , but do not have the financial resources to do so.

                        I have seen some donated items fetch tens of thousands of dollars at, this event of approximately 1500
                        people. We have been trying to think of something uniquely Alaskan to donate to the Scholastic
                        Foundation Auction. With the current popularity of our Governor and First Gentleman , I believe that an
                        autographed item would bring hundreds , if not thousands of dollars at this event A donated item such as
                        this would give the State of Alaska great exposure.

                        With recent events, I understand that Governor Palin has an extremely busy schedule and her time is in
                        high demand. Any consideration for an autographed item would be extremely appreciated . We could
                        provide the item, or something as simple as a photograph would be wonderful.


                        The item may be addressed to the:       To the 2008 NAAA Convention




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0023820
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                     We would be happy to arrange pickup/ mailing, Item should be sent to:    Attn: Steve Sautner
                                                                                               Dealers Auto Auction of
                     Alaska
                                                                                               Anchorage, AK 99507
                                                                                               Phone: 907-563-8343


                      If you would like more information concerning our organization , you may visit www.naaa.com.



                     Thank you for your time and consideration,



                     Steve Sautner
                     President
                     Dealers Auto Auction of Alaska, Inc.
                     8400 Arlon Street
                     Anchorage, AK 99507
                     907-563-8262 or 8343




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0023821
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page I of I



                Unknown

                   From:      Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                              GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=PSGALVINI ]
                   Sent:      Monday, September 08, 2008 11:14 PM
                   To:        Sarah Palin
                   Cc:      Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash ; Joseph R (GOV)
                   Subject: BP Call Tomorrow

               Governor,

              Marty and I were discussing Tuesday's call, and we wanted to add a few BP specific
              points to your notes:

              1. This is your first interaction with the CEO of BP, Tony Hayward. Previously, you
              had met in your Anchorage office with Bob Malone, head of BP's North American
              operations. Mr. Hayward took over for Lord John Brown in May 2007. He is a Brit
              with a PhD in geology who came up through the ranks at BP. He's 51 years old;
              married with two kids; likes triathlons and soccer.

              2. BP holds a large portion of the Pt. Thomson Unit, so he may raise that issue
              during the call.

              3.         The state is getting close to completing our review of a possible civil claim
              against BP for the Prudhoe Bay shut-down in August 2006. The claim would be for
              lost revenue due to. their negligent maintenance. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              That`s it. Marty will participate in the call. Tom and I will be listening in. Good luck.

              -Pat




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023822
