Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 7



                Unknown

                From :      BJ0NES2000@aot.com
                Sent        Sunday, September 07.2008 10,31 AM
                To:         McAlister Wiliam D (GOV); Goverrwr Sarah Pafin (GOV sponsored)
                Co.         BJONES2000@aoLcom
                Subject Encouragementfor Gov. Sarah Patin


               Fl Mr. McAllister or whom It May Concern ...
                .

               We know this is a long shot thought wed give it a try...so, hopefully; this small will reach you and Gov. Sarah Palm. You all are on our hearts, we are praying for the
               Palirfs - and your whole team!

               Pasted below are a few relevant devotlonals we have sent to our subscribers over the past few months. We thought you may be the best judge of whether some of the
               attached dews below would be encouraging to Sarah during this crazy media and polities battle . So, If you feel these short, little edevos would encourage her, please
               feel free to pass them on. If not, that's fine -just know that Sarah has friends in Michigani You all are on our hearts , we are praying for her - and all of you - as the
               election day approaches . Be strongl

               Blessings,

               Beth Jones



                From: GetaGrlp@Beth)ones.org [mailto:GetaGripOBetir)ones.orgj
                Seats Tuesday, July 29, 2008 5:31 AM
                To: Beth )ones
                Subject Sound Bites

                                                       If you have trouble viewing this message , please go to: htto://edevos.bethiones.ore




                                      0




                                       Peter asked Jesus, "What about him, Lord?" Jesus replied , "If I want him to
                                         remain alive until I return, what is that to you ? You follow me ." So the
                                     .rwingrr spry a4 among the community of believers that that disciple wouldn't
                                         die. But that isn't what Jesus said at all. He only said, "If I want him to
                                                     remain alive until I return , what is that to you?"
                                                                                   John 21:21-23, NLT

                                     The rumor spread . Don't believe everything you heart In this season of
                                     political frenzy, election sound-bites, liberal and anti-Christian agendas -
                                     don't accept everything hook, line and sinker! Ever "heard it through the
                                     grapevine" - only to discover that the grapevine was polluted?


                                     Maybe you 've been the target of defamatory comments. If you've ever been
                                     misquoted and taken out of context, you're in good company -.Jesus was,



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0023811
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                           too! He dealt with the plague of misinformation . On numerous occasions the
                           authorities thought they had it right about Jesus and the things He said-but
                           they were often wrong.

                           Sad to say, these days you can 't trust many of the headlines, editorials or
                           reporting that's done in the name of fairness. There always seems to be a
                           bias in this culture of sound bites , video clips, organizational motives and
                           political spin ., Unfortunately, there are many that can 't tolerate the "good
                           news" so -they resort to mocking, scorning and sarcasm . Misinformation,
                           rumor and the.grapevine does damage . The bummer Is that good people get
                           hurt; bad people get notoriety and the average citizen never gets the truth.


                           Sometimes a completely innocent person is the brunt of terrible grapevine
                           lies...Jesus, for example ! Also, a Christian named Stephen was the object of
                           blatant lies : "They produced false witnesses , who testified, This fellow never
                           stops speaking against this holy place and against the law. For we have
                           heard him say that this Jesus of Nazareth will destroy this place and change
                           the customs Moses handed down to us .' " (Acts 6:13-14 ) They lied and it
                           cost Stephen his life.


                           Sometimes a completely guilty person is the object of a runaway
                           rumor...some of the Lord's favorite people really messed up - Moses, David,
                           Peter and Paul. Can you imagine what the rumors or six o 'clock headlines
                           might have been back in the day? The Lord extended great mercy and
                           continued to use them mightily.

                           In the Christian world there is a grapevine. Don't start a rumor and don't
                           believe the grapevine ! Sometimes, believers hear one juicy tidbit and the
                           suspicion , accusations or dissing begins! Don't do it. Love believes the best.
                           No matter what you hear - it 's not the whole truth. If you've been
                           misrepresented by others, Proverbs give us great comfort ... "The man who
                           sets a trap for others will get caught in it himself . Roll a boulder down on
                           someone, and it will roll back and crush you ." (Prov. 26 :27 NLT) Whoever
                           digs a pit for others will fall into it himself. Retribution belongs to the Lord.


                           The summary : Believe the best about everyone.

                           Say This:

                           "Father, I will believe the best about others. I will do unto others as I would
                           like them to do to me. I pray for those who are in the spotlight , particularly
                                                           (If you know someone who's been facing
                           pressure, going through the rumor mill, being misquoted or crucified in the
                           press insert their name here .) I ask You to strengthen them in their inner
                           being today and help them to move forward in confidence, integrity and faith
                           in You. In Jesus' Name. Amen."


                           In His Grip, Beth Jones

                            Check out this resource for more on this topic: click here.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0023812
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                              Page 3 of 7




                                                                                         To Sign a Friend Up for e-Devo - dick here
                                                                                         To Join our Online Community - dick here
                                                                                         To Visit Beth Jones Ministries Website - dick here


                                                                                                                                                                P.



              From: GetaGrip@Bethiones .org (mailto:GetaGrip@BethJones.orgj
              Sent: Wednesday, July 16, 2008 5:48 AM
              To: Beth Jones
              Subject: Everyone Is A Critic

                                                    If you have trouble viewing this message , please go to. htto://edevos.beth' nes.ora




                                                                                       today:
                                                                                  everyone is a critic
                                      "You shall hide them in the secret place of Your presence from the plots of
                                      man;you shall keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues."

                                                                               Psalm 31:20, NKJV
                                   People will always have an opinion about you. Some people will feel the need
                                   to tell you their opinion ! The cowards rant, rave and don't sign their letters.
                                   The average critic foams at the mouth and tells you all the reasons they are
                                   so smart and you are so dumb . People who love you will speak the truth - in
                                   love.

                                   Anyone been criticizing you lately ? We get our share, just like you ! Why is it
                                   that fifty people can tell you they love your company , product, sermon, song,
                                   family or kids, but one person can cut you like a knife with a vicious
                                   comment? So, how do we respond - short of transforming into King Kong
                                   and slapping them upside the head?

                                   For the constructive critics - those who love you : Evaluate. If there is any
                                   morsel of truth in their criticism... then adjust accordingly.

                                   For the negative critics - usually those who are jealous and envious of your
                                   growth and success : Follow Rick Warren's advice : "When you're small, they'll
                                   dismiss you; when you 're growing, they'll criticize you ; and when you're
                                   large, they'll resent you . So ignore 'them' and get on with whatever God has



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0023813
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 4 of 7



                             told you to do!"

                             Fortunately, God doesn't allow us to hear most critics...He hides us in His
                             Presence from the strife of tongues ! Today, the bottom line, whether people
                             are being critical of your business , church, faith, family, hair or home is this:
                             "...ignore 'them' and get on with whatever God has told you to dol"

                             Say This:

                             "Father, I want to live a life that is pleasing to You - and You alone . Help me
                             to listen to the constructive advice from people who love me and thank You
                             for hiding me from the strife of tongues by those who don't . I plan to ignore
                             the negative critics and I'll get on with all that You have called me to do. In
                             Jesus' Name . Amen."

                             In His Grip, Beth Jones

                              Check out this resource for more on this topic: click here.bjo




                                                                    To Sign a Friend Up for e-Devo - dick here
                                                                    To Join our online Community - dick here
                                                                    To Visit Beth Jones Ministries Website - dick here




     I




                                                        today: whose opinion
                                                               matters?
                               "The fear of human opinion disables; trusting in GOD protects you from
                                                               that."
                                                     Proverbs 29 : 25, Message

                           Uving for an Audience of One is the secret to being truly free . When we live
                           to please the Lord and walk in a manner worthy of Him -that's all that really
                           matters. We need to be reminded of this from time to time.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                           PRA_GSPOI_0023814
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 5 of 7




                            It's true, the fear of human opinion disables. When we are overly concerned
                            about what others think - whether we meet with their approval or
                            disapproval - our judgment becomes blurred and we veer from our core
                            values. When we find ourselves saying or doing things merely to please
                            people or not saying or doing things to please people , we become men-
                            pleasers rather than God -pleasers.

                            So, what do we do? Seek God 's approval and accept the fact that we'll never
                            have a 100% approval rating from others . Be okay with that.

                            John, who addressed this topic when he spoke about some religious leaders
                            of his day, said it best, "Yet at the same time many even among . the leaders
                            believed in Him. But because of the Pharisees they would not confess their
                            faith for fear they would be put out of the synagogue ; for they loved praise
                            from men more than praise from God ." (John 12 : 42-43)

                            Human opinion can be fickle, so go for praise that comes from God! It's
                            possible that everyone will have an opinion about you and the more the
                            Lord uses you, the more opinions there will be ! Don't be disabled by the
                            opinions of others; trust the Lord and accept these truths...

                            1. Some people like you; some people don't.

                            2. Some people admire and respect you ; some people despise and hate you.

                           3. Some people agree with you; some people like to argue with you.
    i
                           4. Some people encourage you; some people criticize and tear you down.

                           5. Some people rejoice with you; some people rain on your parade.

                           6. Some people are thrilled with the changes in your life ; some people
                           dismiss it.

                           7. Some people love to see you break out of stereotypical paradigms; some
                           people get mad.

                           8. Some people approve of your spouse, kids, hair, clothes, hobbies, style;
                           some people dislike the whole package.

                           9. Some people see your potential ; some people are threatened by it.

                           10. Some people are happy when you're blessed and successful; some
                           people are jealous.

                           So, what do we do? Let's go for the praise that comes from God! If you've
                           found the opinions of others disabling you - make a change today . Trust in
                           the Lord . When you are confident and clear in your heart that your decisions,
                           actions and words are pleasing to the Lord then move forward - full steam
                           ahead!


                           Say This:

                           "Father, I know that everyone will have an opinion of me. Help me to not be
                           overly concerned with the opinions of others; but rather help me to trust in
                           You. Your opinion is the one that matters the most to me. Help me to live my
                           life in a way that pleases You. In Jesus' Name . Amen."




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0023815
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                              Page 6 of 7



                                  In His Grip,

                                  Beth Jones

                                  Check out this resource for more information: click here.




                                                                                         To Sign a Friend Up for e-Devo - click here
                                                                                         To loin our Online Community - dick here
                                                                                         To Visit Beth Jones Ministries Website - dick here




              Fromc GetaGrip@Bet Jones org [mallto :GetaGdp@Beti iones.org]
              Send: Wednesday, June 04, 2008 5:31 AM
              To: Beth Jones
              Subject: Feel Lice You're Goin' Through Heir

                                                    if you have troubles viewing this message, please go to: http://edevos.betherres.ora




                              0


                                                                                                                         I
                                                                    today: feel like you're
                                                                           goin' through hell?
                                                               For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell...
                                                                         Psalm 16:10, KN

                                    Going through a rough time? There is light at the end of the tunnel ...hang on!

                                    It was the hardest season of our ministry and married life and it seemed like
                                      we were hit on every front . It felt like "hell on earth "! We were parents of
                                    four preschoolers, pioneering a church that didn't seem to be growing , living
                                     in a microscopic house , surviving sleep deprivation and the pressures of life
                                       and ministry on a serious shoestring budget ! It sure didn't feel like "the
                                       blessings" were falling in our lives at that time - it felt like we had been
                                      forgotten, overlooked and sentenced to outer darkness ! As it turns out, it
                                                was a season of sheer faith , obedience and endurance.

                                          Somehow this verse of Scripture comforted my soul! Pitiful , isn't it?




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0023816
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                          Page 7 of 7



                                        Sometimes we just need to know that deliverance is on the horizon. I know
                                        it's tough sometimes . There are rough seasons where life can feel like all of
                                       hell is against us. We all face those times . Be encouraged -the Lord promised
                                       that He will never leave you or forsake youl Be strong and full of hope today
                                                 and know that the Lord is working to deliver you from "hell"!


                                                                                          Say This:

                                         "Father thank You for Your promise of deliverance . I will keep my eyes on
                                         You and I know that you will bring me through this season of 'hell- to the
                                             other sides I trust in You and Your Word . In Jesus' Name . Amen."

                                                                                 In His Grip, Beth Jones

                                      To learn more about being delivered from hell, check out these resources:
                                      Click Here




               Psssst...Have you heard the news? fete s a new fashion hlna, plus the Iffiest faA trends and hair stvtes at Sloes t.com.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0023817
