Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                    Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@ alaska.gov]
          Sent                     Monday, September 08, 2008 9:09 AM
          To:                      'info@grantsburgwatercross.com'
          Subject:                 RE: Snowmobile Watercrosslfodd Patin

          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to, the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan
          political purposes.   Please do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan
          political activities to this e-mail address or any other state of Alaska office. Also,
          please do not send donations, contributions, pr written correspondence to the state Office
          of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and
          candidates can be found by calling, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that
          particular candidate.




           -----Original Message-----

          From : Duke Tucker [mailto: info@grantsburgwatercross.com)

          Sent : Thursday,   September 04, 2008 7:53 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin ( GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Snowmobile Watercross / Todd Palin



          Todd Palin,



          Not that the Palin family has much going on...but I'd like to extend an

          invitation to Todd to take a snowmobile across the water at our 2009 event.

          200 hp is a lot of fun!



          The event is the main fundraiser for the local hockey club & raises money

          for several other groups as well.



                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0023834
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I can be reached at info@ grantsburgwatercross .com or 715 .491.2900




          Duke Tucker

          Executive Director

          World Championship Snowmobile Watercross

          www.grantsburgwatercross.com




                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA_GSPOI_0023835
