Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 9



                Unknown

                From:     Jim Van Rassel [jimvan @allstream.net)
                Sent:     Tuesday, September 09, 2008 9:18 AM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored ); McAllister, William D (GOV)
                Cc:       jimvanrassel@jimvanrassel.ca
                Subject: ROBBINS-Van Rassel BC Bombshell Poll-Gordon. Campbell RIP




              Jim Van Rassel
              www jimvanrassel.ca
              Coquitlam British Columbia Canada
              Cell 604-328-5398
              Fax 604-942-9320

                                                    ROBBINS-Van Rassel BC Bombshell Poll-Gordon Campbell




              Based on your voting inclinations today, for which leader and party would you caste your vote in the
              general provincial election in BC in May 2008? (Rounded to nearest one-hall)

              Carole James and BC NDP-44.3%
              Gordon Campbell and BC Liberals-35.8%
              Jane Sterk and Green Party-12.2%
              Will Hanni and BC Conservative-5.I%
              Marc Emery and Marijuana Party-2.8%

              Undecided-16%



              In your opinion should Premier Gordon Campbell have provided large raises to senior bureaucrats in
              government because in his opinion `it is in the interests of public service'? (Rounded to nearest one half)


              Yes-3.5%

              No-77.5%

              Undecided-19.0%




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSPOI_0023846
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




               In light of reported criticism Premier Campbell has received relating to raises for senior bureaucrats is it
               your opinion he should roll them back to where they were before?


               Yes-58.0%

               No-20.0%

               Undecided-22.0%




               Premier Campbell has suggested he might provide British Columbians with a tax break . Which of the
               following choices BEST reflects your opinion of this suggestion ?-(only choose one or the other)


               I think it' s a great idea I could certainly use a tax break-27.5%

              I don't trust Gordon Campbell why doesn 't he get rid of the carbon tax and roll back the bureaucrats
              raise first-66.0%

              Undecided-6.5%


              In your opinion do local, provincial, and federal governments conspire against individuals and
              organizations from time to time?

              Yes-72%


              No-18%

              Undecided-10%



              ROBBINS believes there is widespread corruption between and among government officials at the city
              and provincial level, where consultants and land developers use bribes and other inducements of
              corruption to get around laws and regulations . Do you agree with ROBBINS belief?

              Yes-62.0%

              No-19.0%

              Undecided-19%


              Costs of both winter and summer Olympic Games over the past 20 years has risen exponentially well
              above the cost of living increases and always exceeds government cost projections. In your opinion is



              8/31/2009



                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0023847
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 3 of 9


              the Gordon Campbell BC Liberal government telling British Colombians the truth about the total cost of
              the 2010 Olympic Games?

              Yes-08%
              No-79%

              Undecided-13%


              The BC Liberal Solicitor General is concerned that legal firearms are getting into the hands of
              criminals. At the same time it has been widely reported that mail being stolen from ordinary mail boxes
              is a growing problem. In your opinion should the RCMP mail notices and certificates of legal firearm
              ownership through regular or registered mail?

              Regular-03%

              Registered-67%

              Undecided/Other-30%



              Commentary:

              Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals are sinking like a stone. The opposition BC NDP has taken an 8.5%
              lead over the government party. This///- after the mainstream press persisted in claiming the BC
              Liberals were 10-14% ahead of the BC NDP only six weeks ago (when ROBBINS was calling it even).
              I told you so---.When Campbell came back from the 2008 Summer Olympics and mused that the
              problem with the 45% raises for senior bureaucrats was related more to the timing of the announcement
              (as he left on a private jet {not Con-Air) for Beijing-than to the huge increase in salaries-British
              Columbians everywhere said "Pardon?"

              The Premier's attitude and his words confirmed what British Columbians have been stewing about for
              some time-the Premier doesn't get it-and now he has to go. Canadian voters, in particular British
              Columbian-as they relate to this poll-will be very patient with a politician-but once the levy breaks
              against you-good-bye.

              This ROBBINS poll of British Columbians confirms what we have been saying for years now: British
              Columbia has one of--//if not the most corrupt political systems anywhere in the free world. BC politics
              provides a telling reminder of why the Americans have a second amendment-the right to carry
              firearms-when government is this corrupt, when rules are made for some-but not all-when laws are
              broken or circumnavigated and not applied equally---when private property rights are non existent when
              the Legislature and the Courts are corrupt and when a majority of the public knows this-but also knows
              there is "nothing they can do": "ya get rid of one-the one replacing it is no better". When government
              can do as it pleases-you have the makings for a nightmare--democracy---that is Beautiful British
              Columbia-crooked to the core.

              When you can't trust elected people, the courts or the cops-you need to do something and fast to
              correct confidence. Mainstream press and pollsters were artificially holding the BC Liberals 10% ahead
              in order to facilitate fund-raising and other--to ensure the BC Liberal treasury had plenty of money.
              Campbell believed his inflated polling numbers---and lost (the rest) of his mind-than--- after colluding


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0023848
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 4 of 9


               with the press to increase his treasury ---turned around and brought in gag laws related to third party
               election spending which would lessen the mainstream news and advertising participation in the
               corporate largesse. After that, Carbon tax, 45% raises to senior bureaucrats , riding infancy private jets
               as BC `party boy' to China- arriving back home and responding to reporters like he's been enveloped
               in an opium pit for three weeks-- and this is what you get. A slippery slope to the bottom for the BC
               Liberals.

              The new reality is that the BC Liberals under Campbell are toast . Or are they? Will the mainstream
              press and Campbell Liberal caucus find a reason to bring Gordo back ? How's this: Allegedly voracious
              reader Campbell re-discovers Doctor Seuss's book (and we. all know doctors don 't lie) "Green Eggs and
              Ham" ( reads it cover to cover) and allocates $40 million to promote green eggs and ham for families to
              increase awareness for all things green . Education minister Shirley Bond loves the idea and insists that
              all children K-12 spend 2 hours every day working on diarizing their green eggs and ham experience.
              The mainstream press will coo "Campbell loves to read books-and this idea is one that - has arrived",
              they will say. Later this will be used in a Family Guy episode.

              Is Gordon Campbell getting ready to take over the Liberal Party of Canada should Stephane Dion fail?
              But wait--Campbell traveled on a private jet to Beijing , and Dion who is hoping to play up his party's
              financial poverty as an election strategy-pity - is traveling by bus for the first week of the general
              federal election. Is this a carbon footprint ploy or has Dion lost his head over the Green Shake -rattle
              and roll.

              Who is the real Mr. Greenjeans out of these two Liberals-Gordon Campbell or Stephane Dion-two
              brothers from the same mother ? Both Colin Hansen (BC Liberal finance minister, and Michael
              Ignatieff-federal Liberal Deputy leader-- likely next leader of the federal Liberals -will be wearing bags
              over their head in the coming weeks)----{ unless} the Conservative Party of Canada keeps bragging
              about how much money it has raised . (The number of people who have contacted us who have donated
              to the Conservative Party of Canada and who have received up to a dozen requests for more-and who
              aren't too pleased-is worth noting).

              Even if the BC Conservatives (@5%) can't make the grade, there isn 't enough support from both
              elements of the alleged `coalition' parties, namely the BC Liberals and the BC Conservatives to equal
              the current popular support for the BC NDP, notwithstanding the fact that BC Liberals require a 3% lead
              over the NDP anyhow to maintain even a slight majority . (BC Liberals @35% plus BC Conservatives
              @05°%r-- 40%; BC Liberals would need 48.5% based on voting `norms' to narrowly defeat BC NDP-
              whose numbers of support are now in the mid -40's). (Coalition average is 42% since days of Social
              Credit-but this isn' t the Social Credit Party-it's a variation on the Liberal label).

              There is little hope for Campbell in the 16% Undecided ------from question # 1. Undecided respondents
              roasted Campbell in subsequent questions as bad as or worse than those who selected another party.

              There were 17 `certain' cases of `spoiled ballots ' in this ROBBINS poll where respondents (mostly
              male) said they could not answer (or continue the poll) once they heard Campbell 's name in relation to
              the senior bureaucrat raises in question #2. Are these Campbell supporters by stealth or are they too
              ashamed to answer hard questions after they have just indicated their support for Campbell?

              Respondents throughout the province overwhelmingly oppose recent large raise increases for senior
              bureaucrats, particularly when minimum wage and other wages are so low.

             A $10 minimum wage is coming for certain so you junk ' dealers and others living fat off slave wages
             may want to re-tool those2009 budgets.


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSPOI_0023849
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                Page 5 of 9



               An overwhelming majority of respondents are of the opinion that Campbell should roll back these
               increases but there is a minority who say "what' s done is done" and others who say "no, that might help
               Campbell ... and I don't want that". From every angle Gordon Campbell is set to fall. Will this be the
               end of Gordon Campbell--in politics?

               A Robbins government would move heaven and earth to investigate and audit every
               single personal financial transaction (from here to New York) of Campbell, everyone in his caucus-
               everyone involved in Translink and/or the land deals related to
               transportation-Canada Line etc and each and every Deputy Minister or assistant Deputy Minister-
               their assets-- etc. to see if there has been feather nesting or impropriety. (We already have a lot of
               evidence against dozens of individuals ). Each and every contract involving the Olympic Games, each
               and every Officer and Executive with VANOC, the Convention Centre and other facilities will be
               thoroughly investigated and if there is even a whiff of impropriety--

               I will more than happy to watch the culprits including elected officials and senior bureaucrats (if guilty)
               taken away to jail . If the Judges don't cooperate we'll investigate them too!

               (NOTICE---to police-start ordering more pairs of handcuffs).

               A vast majority of respondent are of the opinion that Premier Campbell should get rid ofthe carbon tax
               and roll back wages before he provides a tax break . To be clear-- even
               many of those respondents who selected the tax break option had a difficult time selecting between the
               two choices.

              An astounding three-quarters plus % of British Columbiana are of the opinion that governments at all
              levels conspire against individuals and organizations from time to
              time. Incredibly, a similar overwhelming majority of British Columbians essentially believe that bribery
              and corruption takes place at civic and provincial levels involving consultants and development
              companies. If that's the public perception, and there . is additional evidence emerging-than if it looks
              like-----it's probably a crooked politician.

              Once again, an astounding number of British Columbians know the Olympic Games are going to cost
              far more than the BC government is saying it will . The secret is out-Olympic Games serve
              development interests only---the costs to hold these Games is growing exponentially-nearly five times
              as much for China as Athens (after factoring currencies). Same for the Winter Games . Is the costly
              renovation to the CBC building in Vancouver an Olympic development cost-or general renovation on
              behalf of the Federal government ? Whistleblowers in the construction industry have a lot to say to
              ROBBINS.

              Incredible.

              BC Liberal Solicitor General Barnswell "Barney" Fife is concerned about the high number of legal
              handguns getting in the hands of criminals. Isn't this just delightful news ? British Columbians
              confronted with widespread reports of stolen mail think it might be a good idea to send notices of legal
              firearms to owners by registered mail (couriered mail or better) instead of in regular mail AS THEY
              CURRENTLY DO where crack heads, Meth freaks and gangsters can access the information at point of
              mailbox and add to the ever growing list of break ins in our province.

              Honestly, how stupid are elected people and others in responsibility in this country , in this province and
              at local levels of government?



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01 0023850
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 6 of 9



              The RCMP needs to get its collective head out of its ass (in this province) if it wants to remain here.

              British Columbians have no confidence in government(s) and do not hesitate to affirm their opinion that
              the provincial government is rife with criminal corruption.

              Gordon Campbell is in a terrible position. The Olympic committee knows based on ROBBINS polls
              that BC Liberal supporters are more inclined to support the 2010 Olympics Games, While BC NDP,
              Greens, and BC Conservatives do not. In order to get majority support for the Games-Gregor
              Robertson must win Vancouver city hall (see ROBBINS polls), and the BC NDP must win provincial
              office. Campbell's job as chief land developer is done, homelessness and Green issues must be
              addressed, and the BC NDP are more likely to properly address these issues prior to the Games.

              The final cost of the Games will ultimately be borne by the BC NDP government who has to hold the
              Games---and do a proper job of it after the diversion, omissions and stalls offered by the BC Liberal
              government and their friends at VANOC.

              The problem for the BC Liberals going forward is that they may be decimated--- not just beaten
              politically- particularly after Campbell has dished out big cash to senior
              bureaucrats while the rest of BC workers take a slumping economy on the chin---. This is why salting
              polls for public relations purposes can create larger problems than ever anticipated for mainstream
              interests.

              In any event, the bottom has fallen out of support for the BC Liberal government and there doesn't
              appear to be a way back--legitimately. (Remember ROBBINS found hundreds of uncounted ballots in
              2005-specifically relating to the Burquitlam riding that BC NDP Bart Healey barely lost to BC Liberal
              `Mini-Bloy-Me"). (Mainstream news was contacted-the people involved were telephoned---nothing
              was ever mentioned).

              Further, if Campbell doesn'thoId a fall sitting of the BC Legislature--these numbers will continue to
              drop as British Columbian pile on the `hate Campbell' caboose, continuing to call him `lazy' and `party
              boy'with more demands from the public to see if he and his cronies have feathered their nests from
              development kick-backs or insider information
              on--- `say'--- development along rapid transit routes (and other). That becomes the sense of it-- when
              politicians loose touch , voters start to wonder why the politicians appear to be so content to be out of
              touch--- and that makes the public begin to more seriously suspect corruption, bribes and kick-backs,
              certainly a much more aggressive sentiment toward elected authority in the province.

              Do the police care about political corruption or do they as the Marxists have asserted for years, run
              interference for elites while the theft goes on?

              Currently, there is no support for the 1996 BC Liberal argument of `do you want the BC NDP back
              in'?-certainly not after the BC Liberals have had 2 terms.

              The Premier's only hope is to call a by-election in Vancouver Fairview to replace former BC NDP
              Gregor Robertson (now running for Vancouver mayor)--which the Premier must call by some time in
              December 2008 AND to replace two term BC Liberal `champ' Lorne Mayencourt, a very capable
              minister who has left to run in one of the most exciting federal races in British Columbia. Because one
              of these Vancouver by-elections is in the city of Vancouver, and erstwhile BC Conservative leader Wilf
              Hann has pledged to run in one of them, the Premier will be in the position-- even if he loses--- that by-
              election---and if the BC Conservatives do poorly-- for he and his friends in the Vancouver media to say



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0023851
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 7 of 9


              the BC Conservatives are not a factor provincially-- (because the BC Conservatives are not expected to
              do nearly as well in Vancouver as they do in the North and Interior of the province). Campbell's ability
              is strengthened by the fact that now the BC Conservatives must field another candidate in Mayencourt's
              riding of Vancouver Burrard--both away games for the BC Conservatives.

              However the BC Conservatives finally get some stage. The bar is set low-they need 2.5% or better in
              both ridings to get a foothold, a toe hold with the press. A result like this, however humble--- will
              translate into 6.25% provincially in real support. A Stephen Harper federal win underneath would bring
              potential numbers in the mid-teens IF the BC Conservatives get more organizational troops prior to the
              spring 09 general provincial election in BC. However, if BC Conservatives don't run two candidates in
              the Vancouver by-elections and/or don't achieve those aforementioned totals in one riding and/or are
              less than one-half of a per cent in voter outcome in either by-election---they have little future as a bona
              fide party at this time-but could still play spoiler in the May general election owing to their double
              digit popularity in many ridings in the north and interior-where `anti-Campbellism' is growing by
              leaps and bounds.

              Peter Ladner the NPA's-BC Liberal surrogate of sorts--opposing Gregor Robertson the NDP
              surrogate of sorts-- for Mayor of BC (ooops sorry that's Campbell) will run a close race--he is more
              popular in Vancouver than Campbell is by a country mile. If he wins or comes close this may
              ameliorate Campbell's downward spiral in popular support. A Gregor Robertson win also helps
              alleviate downward pressure on BC Liberals as Robertson is a proponent of housing development for the
              poor and other social measures and may also mitigate the hate, vitriol and other derision BC voters are
              expressing for Gordon Campbell right now. (Right now-the funk show brother).

              At ROBBINS-there is some giggling go on ---(well actually we're pissing our pants laughing) but that
              will soon change as we move to our NO COUNTRY FOR OLD GLEN mode over the weeks and
              months to the provincial election -slicing, hacking and pulverizing politicians and faceless bureaucrats--
              and others to our hearts content particularly now that we have discovered how weak the system is--it
              makes us even stronger.

              If the Vancouver Fairview by-election is held subsequent to the civic election (and after all of the others
              mentioned) going into Christmas ---Campbell may end up going into the
              New Year in slightly better shape than his low to mid 30's score not by anything successful he has
              accomplished, not because of any positive work ethic, not because of any fundamental affirmative
              changes he has made, but because everyone is so busy, distracted, or burnt out--and the press may still
              be pumping out propaganda to keep him relevant. What's the choice-77 seats for the BC NDP?

              In addition, voters in places like Coquitlam where bureaucrats there have sneakily---- like thieves
              in the night--- added an additional $800,000 to salaries and where unsuspecting taxpayers will
              confront a bloated budget two weeks after the civic election (how shifty is that) -which is already
              etched in stone-will be so busy lynching incumbents in
              municipal elections, or screaming they have been duped--or wandering around aimlessly---
              because the local papers allocate more resources and effort covering up local administrators
              crimes and misdemeanors-------amidst the chaos Campbell 's faltering utility as a leader-front
              man for corporations may-may not be the exclusive centre piece to the shrine of lousy
              government it currently is.

              (Right now-as I write this-- Coquitlam developers are knowingly and with malice aforethought
              dumping toxins directly into the Hyde Creek river-a (recovering) fish bearing stream that runs
              from Coquitlam to Port Coquitlam--thanks for ruining the rivers scumbags). Oh it's not all
              going into the river? Maybe those West Nile ponds you are creating are picking up some of the



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA_GSP01_0023852
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 8 of 9


              pollutant slack. (Thanks to JVR and ` the Sand Man' for that find).

              Conservatives in BC will see Harper voted in---Dion voted out-- thereby taking some of the pain out of
              Campbell' s conversion from loathed Progressive Conservative to doubly loathed BC Liberal, but British
              Columbiana won't keep both Harper and Campbell. The numbers say the BC Liberals are in trouble, the
              political science affirms this, and Robbins has a copious amount of saliva dangling from his chin
              waiting for the opportunity to pounce--

              To prosecute/without mercy.

              Only time will tell us how organized political corruption is in British Columbia. At its worst--- a deal is
              being cut with the BC NDP-that in return for government they will leave Campbell and other
              developers alone--if on the other hand Carole James shows she intends to dig deep on the crimes and
              misdemeanors- British Columbians are certain are taking place-with the BC Liberal government---
              the province may finally get a clean start with the kind of government it hasn't witnessed in decades.

              If Carole James does not aggressively pursue this course of action-the only conclusion that can be
              drawn is that BC is an `orchestrated democracy'. (If not the BC Liberals than the BC NDP and each
              party keeps the others secrets from the public as part of the deal).

              With so little confidence in government at all levels in British Columbia, and a similar lack of
              confidence in the courts-what is former Reform PM Stephen Harper going to do about it---Peace,
              Order and Good Government we ain't got it-and we sure as shit are paying for it.

              You're not going to appreciate the importance of this operating an election campaign from the inside of
              a bubble or a party plane across the Pacific Ocean.


              ROBBINS RULES for voters in November civic election, and next May 's general provincial
              election.

              DON'T vote for a city councillor candidate who has been elected 3 times (9 years) and is NOT moving
              up to another level either at city hall, provincially, or federally.

              DON'T vote for a city councillor candidate who has ties to unions, business organizations (Rotary-
              Chamber of Commerce), or real estate including any history of consulting or lobbying on behalf of
              developers.

              DON'T vote for a Mayoral candidate who has already served two teens (6 years) and is NOT moving
              up to another level either provincially, or federally.

              DON'T vote for a Mayoral candidate who has ties to unions, business organizations (Rotary-Chamber
              of Commerce), or real estate including any history of consulting or lobbying on behalf of developers.

              DON'T be fooled by trumped up resumes for people seeking election that cite this community
              organization or that community organization (particularly charities)--these
              organizations may do good work but they are often tied too tight to the political system and your tax
              dollars in one way or another. A history of working at community charities does not necessarily qualify
              people to be good political leaders-in fact I would say that it is more likely to disqualify them for the
              job.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA GSPO1_0023853
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 9 of 9


              DON'T vote for a provincial candidate who has been in office for a total of a decade or more.

              DON'T vote for a politician who looks like an `asskisser'-(a) because they probably are and (b) it will
              never be your ass they are kissing--after they get your vote.

              VOTE for someone who is truly independent, hasn't been elected long enough to have become part of
              the corruption and promises to represent your interests with earnest- than hold them to account.



              Glen P. Robbins


              A random sample of 456 respondents throughout British Columbia between September 4 and
              September 7, 2008+ ...... This poll features a margin of error of plus or minus 3.75% 19 times
              out of 20 (lower margin of error estimated from lopsided responses over balance of questions) @
              95% confidence.

              This ROBBINS poll was co-conceived by Glen P. Robbins and Jim Van Rassel, written by Glen P.
              Robbins and sponsored in full by Jim Van Rassel (604) 328-5398. Jim Van Rassel is a member of
              the Conservative Party of Canada-is an advocate of free speech-is the Tri-City area's best
              `reasoned environmentalist ', a successful small businessman in the region for twenty years-and
              will not permit another swimming pool to be built in Coquitlam for 23 million that looks like it
              ought to have cost half of that---- and is the most important candidate for Coquitlam city council
              in the last two decades (GPR).

                                                                                   -30-




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0023854
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                             Page I of 2



                Unknown

                 From:    Ron Gamble [rongamble@shaw.ca]
                 Sent:    Tuesday, September 09, 2008 9:04 AM
                 To:      Governor Sarah Patin (GOV sponsored)
                 Cc:      McAllister, William D (GOV)
                 Subject: Reform BC congratulates Alsaka Governor Sarah Patin



               September 9, 2008

              To:
              Alaska Governor, Sarah Palin governor^ .gov.state.ak.us

              Cc:
              Bill McAllister Communications Director and Press Secretary.
              Bill.McAllister cnr alaska.gov
                                a

              Dear Governor Palin:

              Reform BC would like to congratulate you on your run as Republican Party nominee for Vice President
              of The United States of America.

              I, Ron Gamble, am a founding member of the Reform Party of Canada and president of the Reform
              Party of British Columbia (Reform BC). David Hawkins, Forensic Economist, is our Reform BC
              Leader.

              Our Federal Conservative Party of Canada is now campaigning for the October 14, 2008 election date,
              and its platform includes opposition to the Liberal Party 's proposal for a federal carbon tax.

              At the provincial level, Reform BC will campaign for the May 09 election on a platform which includes
              the repeal of the carbon tax imposed on us July 01, 08 by the provincial liberal government.

              I believe we share a similar concern in that Global Warming / Climate Change is not man made. Only
              0.0019 % of our atmosphere is composed of man made (anthropogenic ) C02. We are currently
              investigating potential fraud into Carbon Trading.

              A standard ` Principal Component Analysis' shows that the earth 's climate change is driven by five (5)
              elements;

               1. Variations in flux of received electromagnetic radiation from the sun
              2. Variations in thermal (convection/conduction) flux from ocean currents
              3. Variations in refraction/reflection of solar radiation by cloud
              4. Variations in refraction/reflection of solar radiation by wet humidity
              5. Variations in C02 greenhouse gases of between 7,000 - 380 ppm of atmosphere which show a short-
              term lagging (800 years) correlation but no long-term leading correlation with the earth 's temperature.

              Here follow some questions that we ask of the Canadian Liberals and their "Green Shift" carbon tax
              policy and you may want to ask of your Democrat opponents:



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSPO1 _0023855
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 2 of 2



               Do you (Liberals/Democrats) believe that "global warming" is primarily caused by the burning of fossil
               fuels?

               If you (Liberals/Democrats) believe inefficient burning of fossil fuels is causing this phenomenon, do
               you believe that carbon taxing by government or carbon trading on private markets (i.e. Chicago,
               Montreal and London) is the best way to reduce C02 outputs? If not, what would you propose?

               Recent satellite measurements of the Arctic sea ice conditions have just come out. It was predicted by a
               Colorado-based group that this year the Arctic seas ice would completely melt. Instead, we see that the
               Arctic summer low extent of sea ice has remained at the greatest it has been since 1980!! Far less
               summer melting than the doomsdayers had predicted. (You won't likely here this data from the
               Democratic media.)

               Reform BC is investigating `virtual escrowed sabotage' and tax shelter frauds on industry or
               government leaders who reject extortionate C02 emission caps set by Liberal managers of the
               Rockefeller Carbon Disclosure Project with $31.5 trillion assets from 250+ signatory investors including
               Deutsche Bank, British Columbia Investment Management Corporation ( bcIMC) etc.
               http: /www.cdproject net/fags.asn

               If you would like more information on Reform B.C.'s carbon-tax and climate-change investigations
               please contact me as below.
               http://www.reformbc.net/

               Yours sincerely,

               Ron Gamble, President 604-980-7779

               cc David Hawkins, Leader 604-542-0891

              Again, wishing you all the best in the November 4th election.




                                                                 we love co2


                                          To signal support, please incorporate logo in e-mails
                                                          ...............................




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA_GSP01_0023856
