Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


                 Unknown
                 From:      Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVSP]
                 Sent:      Tuesday, September 09, 2008 6:24 PM
                 To:      Commissioners Office; DOA (DOA sponsored)
                 Subject: Re: DMV helps with Project Homeless Connect

               Thank you!
               Sarah
               Palin


               From: Commissioners Office, DOA (DOA sponsored)
               Sent: Tue Sep 09 15:37:42 2008
               Subject: DMV helps with Project Homeless Connect

               Hello Media Contact:

              Attached please find a press release about the DMV helping with Project Homeless Connect.

              Please contact Carol Beecher, special assistant to the Commissioner at 269-6293 or at
              carol.beecherCcbalaska.gov if you have any questions.

              Thank you,


              Annette Kreitzer
              Commissioner




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0023871
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Blank                                                                                                            Page I of I



                Unknown

                From:     Scott Heyworth [heyworth@gci.net]
                Sent:     Tuesday, September 09, 2008 6:19 PM
                To:       Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Heinze;
                          Harold C (JPO)
                Cc:       Parnell; Sean R (GOV); Robert Stinson; Andy Warwick; Don Benson; Kate Lamal; Robert Favretto; Scott R
                          Hayworth; sullivans5l@aol.com; Palln; Sarah H (GOV); Davis; Marcia R (DOR)
                Subject: somebody better get this guy straightened out.....we must have that plant for our "safety storage"!tl!!!!



                  we might well have lot our entire system the last 2 winters on our coldest days if Nikiski LNG had not been
                  operatingi

                  he knows nothing about why Alaska must have this plant operating!
                  that problem has not been fixed nor will it till we get the ANGDA spur line built
                  sh


                  Senator wants to stop Alaskan gas exports to
                  Japan
                       · Reuters
                       · , Tuesday September 9 2008

                  By Tom Doggett
                 WASHINGTON, Sept 9 ( Reuters) - A U.S. senator has asked the Energy Department to revoke a recent order
                  M U 1-) I!A1I L rL nergy companies to continue exporting liquefied natural gas from Alaska to Japan and other
                 Pacific Rim markets.
                 The department approved a request this summer from ConocoPhillips and Marathon Oil for authority to export up to
                 98.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas to Japan and other Pacific Rim countries through March 2011.
                 The super- cooled LNG would be shipped from the LNG export terminal in Kenai , Alaska.
                 However. Democratic Sen . Ron Wyden of Oregon said that with Americans forecast to pay 22 percent more for natural
                 gas to heat their homes this winter , those Alaskan supplies need to stay in the U.S. market
                 "The administration is trying to have it both ways - arguing that we need to drill everywhere because we don't have
                 adequate energy supplies, while finding that we have so much energy that big oil companies can export it overseas and
                 keep prices here at home higher than they would otherwise be," Wyden wrote in a letter to U.S. Energy Secretary Sam
                 Bodman.
                 The senator said there are new LNG import terminals along the West Coast that could receive the LNG.
                 The amount of Alaskan LNG that would be exported is enough to heat 1.4 million American homes a year, according to
                 Wyden.
                 Under federal law, any company that wants to export LNG must first obtain Energy Department permission to ensure
                 the export would not harm U .S. energy supplies. The department has said allowing the LNG exports to continue "will
                 not be inconsistent with the public interest."
                 "It is hard to see how the department concluded that the proposed export of Alaskan natural gas met the required
                 public interest test with regard to either Alaskan or lower-48 energy needs," Wyden said.
                 Officials at the Energy Department were not immediately available to comment
                 LNG is natural gas altered for transportation aboard special tankers . When cooled to minus 259 degrees Fahrenheit
                 (minus 162 Celsius), the gas changes into liquid and shrinks to less than 1/600th of its original volume.
                 Upon arrival at a terminal, the LNG is returned to a gaseous state and fed into pipelines . (Reporting by Tom Doggett,
                 editing by Matthew Lewis)




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0023872
