Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor©alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Wednesday, September 10, 2008 11:10 AM
                 To:       Leschper, Beth (DOL)
                 Subject: RE: Your Message to Governor Sarah Palin

               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . The concerns, opinions, and/or information you have sent
               are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself,
               your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best
               address your need, suggestion , or comment.




               Please do not reply, directly to this email address. If you would like to contact the Governor in the future , please
               address correspondence to governor ^alaska.gov.




               Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan political purposes. Please
               do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan political activities to this e-mail address or any other
               state of Alaska office. Also, please do not send donations, contributions, or written correspondence to the state
               Office of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and candidates can be
               found by calling, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that particular candidate.

                                                                                                                                             i




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP0I_0023905
