Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:    sp@hslak.com
                 Sent:    Wednesday, September 10, 2008 9:13 AM
                 To:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: Re: couple of things

               What does bob cockerell say about Privile^

               Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T


               From : "Nizich, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.nizich@alaska.gov>
               Date: Wed, 10 Sep 2008 08:20:36 -0800
               To: <sp@hslak.com>
               Subject: couple of things

               DPS Commissioner      we have two finalists Privileged or hand Joe Masters

               We probably need to talk briefly . They are both still interested. We need to make a decision on how to proceed.

               Corey Rossi     Do you want to go forward on this appointment?

               I will be forwarding to you later today three board appointment to MTAB we need to make a decision on this soon.

               Hope things are going well for you!




                8/31/2009

                                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0023906
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page I of I



                 Unknown

                 From:      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:      Wednesday, September 10, 2008 3:53 PM
                 To:        'Eben Dale'
                 Subject: RE: Mailing Address

               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you have sent
               are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself,
               your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best
               address your need, suggestion , or comment.


               Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan political purposes . Please
               do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan political activities to this e-mail address or any other
               state of Alaska office. Also, please do not send donations, contributions, or written correspondence to the state
               Office of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and candidates can be
               found by calling, writing, or e-mailing a campaign office for that particular candidate.



               From: Eben Dale [mailto:ebendale@hawaii.rr.com]
               Sent: Monday, September 08, 2008 2:12 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: Mailing Address

               What mailing address should I use to send a letter to Mr. Todd Palin?

               Thank you. Sincerely ............. Eben Dale




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0023907
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page I of I



                 Unknown

                 From:     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.govj
                 Sent:     Wednesday, September 10, 2008 4:22 PM
                 To:       'Bill McCullough'
                 Subject: RE: 2008 First Ladies Luncheon => First UG Luncheon

               Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or information you have sent
               are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is unable to respond to each and every email herself,
               your message has been received and is being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best
               address your need , suggestion, or comment.


               Alaska law prohibits the use of state equipment or resources for campaign or partisan political purposes. Please
               do not send any messages concerning campaign or partisan political activities to this e-mail address or any other
               state of Alaska office. Also, please do not send donations, contributions, or written correspondence to the state
               ice of the Governor or any other state of Alaska office. Information about elections and candidates can be'
               found by calling, writing, or e-marling a campaign office for that particular candidate.



               From : Bill McCullough [mailto:bwb mcc@comcast.net]
               Sent: Monday, September 08, 2008 4:32 PM
               To: Governor Sarah Parin (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: 2008 First Ladies Luncheon => First L/G Luncheon

               Isn't it about time to re-name and re-label the "2008 First Ladies Luncheon" to the "First Ladies & First
               Gentalmens Luncheon?

               If we ("society") needs to be PC all the time why should men be left out now?

               Just a thought.




                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023908
