Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                   sp@hslak.com
           Sent:                   Tuesday, September 09, 2008 8:20 PM
           To:                     Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); McAllister, William D (GOV)
           Cc:                     Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                Fw. Explaining per diem


           Msg below:

           ------Original Message------

           From: Thirdwave2

           To: rdavis@mccain08hq.com

           To: sschmidt@mercuryllc.com

           Sent: Sep 9, 2008 9:38 AM

           Subject: Explaining per diem



           Todays post page one leighow explains the palins could. have charged the state per diem for
           each child under alaskan state law and did not do so



           This should be brought into a single number childrens days not charged equals $X that
          palin did NOT charge the taxpayers for that she was legally entitled to



            Offsets 90 per bent of the story's impact newt



           Sent via B1ackBerry by AT&T




                                                                1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0023880
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            From:                    Lester, Robert [bob. lester@ anchoragemediagroup.com]
            Sent:                    Tuesday, September 09, 2008 6:24 PM
            To:                      Scott Heyworth; Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR);
                                     Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Heinze; Harold C (JPO)
            Cc:                      Parnell ; Sean R (GOV); Robert Stinson; Andy Warwick; Don Benson ; Kate Lamal; Robert
                                     Favretto; suIlivans51(aol.com; Pal[n; Sarah H (GOV); Davis; Marcia R (DOR)
            Subject:                 RE: somebody better get this guy straightened out.....we must have that plant for our "safety
                                     storage"l!lttl l


            Am I missing something here?



            He wants to stop us from shipping our gas to Japan when America needs it.



            I guess I have no problem with that.



            Straighten me out.



            -Bob Lester




           -----Original Message-----

           From: Scott Heyworth [mailto:heyworth@gci.net]

           Sent: Tue 9/9/2008 6:18 PM

           To: patrick galvin@revenue.state.ak.us; Marty Rutherford; Tom Irwin;
           joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us; Harold Heinze

           Cc: sean_parnell@gov.state.ak.us; Robert Stinson; Andy Warwick; Don Benson; Kate Lamal;
           Robert Favretto; Scott R Heyworth; sullivans5l0aol.com; sarah.palin@alaska.gov;
           marcia-davis@revenue.state.ak.us

           Subject: somebody better get this guy straightened out ..... we must have that plant for our
           "safety storage "!!!!!!!



           Blankwe might well have lot our entire system the last 2 winters on our coldest days if
           Nikiski LNG had not been operating!

           he knows nothing about why Alaska must have this plant operating!

           that problem has not been fixed nor will it till we get the ANGDA spur line built.

           sh

           Senator wants to stop Alaskan gas exports to Japan

                a.. Reuters

                                                                    1




                                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0023881
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




              b.. , Tuesday September 9 2008

           By Tom Doggett

           WASHINGTON , Sept 9 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. senator has asked the Energy Department to revoke a
           recent order authorizing energy companies to continue exporting liquefied natural gas from
           Alaska to Japan and other Pacific Rim markets.

           The department approved'a request this summer from ConocoPhillips and Marathon Oil for
           authority to export up to 98.1 billion cubic feet of natural gas to Japan and other
           Pacific Rim countries through March 2011.

           The super - cooled LNG would be shipped from the LNG export terminal in Kenai, Alaska.

           However, Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon said that with Americans forecast to pay 22
           percent more for natural gas to heat their homes this winter, those Alaskan supplies need
           to stay in the U . S. market.

           "The administration is trying to have it both ways -- arguing that we need to drill
           everywhere because we don't have adequate energy supplies , while finding that we have so
           much energy that big oil companies can export it overseas and keep prices here at home
           higher than they would otherwise be," Wyden wrote in a letter to U.S. Energy Secretary Sam
           Bodman.

           The senator said there are new LNG . import terminals along the West Coast that could
           receive the LNG.

           The amount of Alaskan LNG that would be exported is enough to heat 1.4 million American
           homes a year , according to Wyden.

           Under federal law, any company that wants to export LNG must first obtain Energy
           Department permission to ensure the export would not harm U.S . energy supplies. The
           department has said allowing the LNG exports to continue "will not be inconsistent with
           the public interest."

           "It is hard to see how the department concluded that the proposed export of Alaskan
           natural gas met the required public interest test with regard to either Alaskan or
           lower-48 energy needs ," Wyden said.

           Officials at the Energy Department were not immediately available to comment.

           LNG is natural gas altered for transportation aboard special tankers . When cooled to minus
           259 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 162 Celsius ), the gas changes into liquid and shrinks to
           less than 1/ 600th of its original volume.

           Upon arrival at a terminal , the LNG is returned to a gaseous state and fed into pipelines.
           (Reporting by Tom Doggett , editing by Matthew Lewis)

     I




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0023882
