Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                 From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:    Friday, September 12, 2008 9:24 AM
                 To:      Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
                 Subject: FW: Todd's college career @ Missouri Valley College in Marshall MO?




               From: Johnny Henry [mailto:johnnydh69@yahoo.com]
               Sent!: Wednesday, September 10, 2008 7:27 AM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: Fw: Todd's college career @ Missouri Valley College in Marshall MO?



              -- On Wed, 9/10/08, Johnny Henry <Johnnydh69 ayahoo.com> wrote:
              From: Johnny Henry <johnnydh69@yahoo.com>
              Subject: Todd's college career @ Missouri Valley College in Marshall MO?
              To: governor@gov.ak.us
              Date: Wednesday, September 10, 2008, 10:18 AM

              Goodmorning ;)

                   My name is Johnny Henry and I am a senior at Missouri Valley College in Marshall Missouri.
              There is information flying around of your husband possibly attending MVC at some point in the 80's.
              It this statement valid? If so could you please ask him to answer the following attached questions
              please? Thank you for your time:)

                          Respectfully
                              Johnny Henry




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0023943
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of I




                From:     Governor Sarah Paiin (GOV sponsored) [govemor©alaska.gov]
                Sent:     Friday, September 12, 2008 11:56 AM
                To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW:




              From: annalisa43@comcast.net (maiito:annalisa43@comcast.net]
              Sent: Wednesday, September 10, 2008 12:21 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Paiin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject:

              I was writing to Sarah on a personal level as her and I attended high school together as well as college in
              Hawaii. Please relay the message below to her. I thank you in advance for your cooperation.

              Respectfully,
              Lisa Benotti
              Class of 1982, Wasilla High, Alaska

                ------- ----- Forwarded Message: --------------
                From: annalisa43@comcast.net
                To: governor@gov.state.ak.us
                Date: Wed, 10 Sep 2008 19:58:21 +0000
                Hi Sarah-

                Just wanted to write a quick email to say your doing a great job! Keep up the good work!

                Your friend,

                Lisa Benotti




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                               PRA GSPOI 0023944
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



              Adak, Alaska City in crisis!                                                                 Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:     Thomas Mack [tmack c@aleutcorp.com]
                Sent:     Friday, September 12, 2008 4:53 PM
                To:       Palin; Sarah H (GOV); Hughes; Rosanne D (GOV)
                Subject: Adak, Alaska-City in crisis!

              Governor Palin,

              At the Partners for Affordable Energy roundtable held in Anchorage at the Hotel Captain Cook
              on August 5, 2008, I briefly talked to you about the potential benefits that Adak could possibly
              offer the State of Alaska in regards to fuel storage. Adak has the capacity to store up to 20
              million gallons of fuel. Presently, the City of Adak is in a crisis situation.

              On June 30th the Aleut Corporation received news from the City of Adak that they were nearly.
              out of fuel to operate the City's diesel power generators. On Tuesday July 2"d, the City began
              power rationing by shutting down the power plant for periods of time to conserve fuel for critical
              activities.

              For some time, our fueling subsidiary Aleut Enterprise, LLC (AE, LLC) has been working with
              the City of Adak in an attempt to avoid this type of situation, with no success. The City of Adak
              still owed AE, LLC about $320K for fuel on July 2nd 2008. The Aleut Corporation has a
              responsibility to over 3500 shareholders and its resources (financial and operational) are
              limited, so simply continuing to extend the City's credit uncapped and purchasing more fuel
              with monies that belong to all of our shareholders is not a decision we could make. However,
              allowing the residents and businesses to go without power for large blocks of time each day
              was not acceptable either. So, the Aleut Corporation worked out a temporary agreement with
              the City.to continue to supply fuel for the power utility for a period of 60 days. We have been
              helping the City explore alternatives that may lead to a long-term solution that ensures the
              City's ability to generate power and our ability to get paid for fuel on Adak without success.

               On September 21d, the temporary fueling agreement with the City of Adak expired without a
               longer-term solution in place. AE, LLC has continued working with the City in an attempt to
              find a lasting solution. Part of the temporary agreement involved attempts to collect funds
              owed to the City by the local fish processor on Adak. Adak Fisheries has not been able to pay
              their bills this year due primarily to the predatory business practices of the Seattle-based
              Trident Seafood's Company who targeted the Adak Cod fishery and reduced the rural
              community on-shore processor's most recent harvest by 80%. With no money to collect, the
              City of Adak now owes AE, LLC more than $525,000. AE, LLC can no longer afford to carry
              this heavy debt for the City. The City of Adak is now power rationing once again and will be
              completely out of fuel by Sunday, September 14, 2008.

             As if being cold and in the dark isn't hard enough, the Deputy Commissioner of Aviation &
             Airports, Christine Kline was nice enough to notify us today, Friday, September 12 that the
             FAA will be closing the Adak airport due to the lack of reliable power to their computer
             systems.

             Closing the airport will stop all travel and delivery of supplies to the community. They will run


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0023945
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Adak, Alaska-City in crisis !                                                            Page 2 of 2


              critically low of provisions within a short period of time and will have no way off the island
              without the scheduled EAS (essential air service ). No flights will also cut off access to external
              medical treatment and medivac flights , as already happened earlier this week for a suspected
              stroke victim. Without power and heat, the school will. be closed and the electric powered
              sewer lift stations will not function.

              The City of Adak is in an emergency situation and needs help beyond what we can provide
              locally. They need help from the State of Alaska to survive.

              The City lacks leadership and needs immediate assistance to facilitate coordination between
              various State and Federal agencies that may be able to help provide grant money and / or
              loans to buy fuel. The City needs to bridge the next 3 to 4 months while they complete the
              sale of their utility to a new group who can better manage and fund the power generation.
              Your office' s assistance would be a great service to this vulnerable , rural community. Please
              help them.

              Thank you for your time and your immediate attention to this matter.

              Thomas Mack

              Thomas Mack, President
              The Aleut Corporation
              4000 Old Seward Hwy. Suite 300
              Anchorage, AK 99503
              907.561.4300 main phone
              907.743.9072 fax
              tmackna.aleutcorp.com
              www aleutcoro com




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01 0023946
