Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 3



                Unknown

                From:             Patin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVSP)
                Sent:             Friday, September 12, 2008 4:37 PM
                To:               'sp@hsiak.com'
                Subject:          Fw: PR 08-156 Governor Patin Appoints Marine Transportation Advisory Board Members
                                  091208
                Attachments: PR 08-156 Governor Patin Appoints Marine Transportation Advisory Board Members
                              091208.doc; image001.jpg


              From: Burkett, Erin E (GOV)
              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)
              Cc: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)
              Sent: Fri Sep 1214:56:35 2008
              Subject: PR 08-156 Governor Patin Appoints Marine Transportation Advisory Board Members 091208

               0   Right-dick here to download pictures. To help protect your privacy, Outlook prevented automatic download of
                   this picture from the Internet




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                            No. 08-156

                      Governor Palin Appoints Marine Transportation Advisory Board Members

              September 12, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Patin today announced she has
              appointed William T. Beck, John "JC" Conley, Mark Eiiason, Gerry Hope, Capt. William Hopkins,
              Clay Koplin, Mike Korsmo, Shirley Marquardt, Cathie Roemmich, Maxine Thompson and Robert
              Venables to the Marine Transportation Advisory Board (MTAB).

              The 11-member board, comprised of representatives of a cross-section of Alaska communities,
              advises and makes non-binding recommendations to the state and the Alaska Marine Highway
              System (AMHS) on issues related to the state ferry system. The board was originally created by
              administrative order in 2003. Governor Patin reauthorized It by Administrative Order 240 in 2007,
              and established it in state law by signing House Bill 294 in June.

              "The state ferry system is an essential part of the transportation system serving Alaskans across
              Southeast and Southcentral Alaska," Governor Patin said . "The benefits of this board can already
              be seen. In the past year and a half, MTAB has worked with the AMHS on fiscally responsible
              budgeting, route adjustments and schedules, and we've seen improved service, increased
              ridership, and schedules released earlier than ever before." Since 2007, passenger traffic from
              Sitka to Juneau is up 41 percent and vehicle traffic from Juneau to Petersburg is up 67 percent, she
              noted.

              Beck, of Anchorage, fills an at-large public seat and also fulfills a requirement that the board
              include a resident of an area not directly served by the AMHS. Since 1992, he has been owner and


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0023949
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3


              manager of an Anchorage travel agency now known as Alaska Travel Source, and has held
              certification from the International Association of Travel Agents. From 1980-91 he worked as a
              commercial diver for an Alaska underwater construction service, and before that spent three years
              as a junior and high school science teacher in Petersburg. Beck earned a bachelor's degree in
              biochemistry and education from the University of South Carolina in 1977.

              Conley, of Ketchikan, fills a seat reserved for a business owner with experience interacting with the
              AMHS, and will also fulfill a requirement that one member reside In the Ketchikan Gateway
              Borough. Conley owns Service Auto Parts in Ketchikan. He has served three terms on the
              Ketchikan Gateway Borough Assembly, and served twice as chair of the Ketchikan Chamber of
              Commerce and the Southeast Conference. Conley chaired MTAB when It was originally authorized
              by administrative order in 2003.

              Eliason, of Anchorage, fills a seat reserved for a travel agent or tourism specialist familiar with
              AMHS reservation systems. Since 1985, he has been president and owner of USTravel, a
              diversified travel management company. Eliason has served on several travel industry boards,
              including the Anchorage Convention & Visitors Bureau, which he served as vice chair, and the
              World Travel Partners Affiliate Advisory Board. He is also a member of the Alaska Travel Industry
              Association.

              Hope, of Sitka, fills a seat representing central Southeast Alaska, including Petersburg, Sitka and
              Wrangell. He has been the transportation manager for the Sitka Tribe of Alaska since 2007, and
              was an elected member of the Sitka Tribal Council from 1999-2007. Hope serves in the Sitka
              Chamber of Commerce board of directors, and is the current president of the Alaska Native
              Brotherhood.

              Hopkins, of Ketchikan, fills a seat reserved for a representative of a union representing AHMS
              employees. He retired from the ferry system in 2007 after 30 years of service. Hopkins has
              served as a marine pilot in Southeast and Southwest Alaska and in Puget Sound on all state ferry
              vessels except the ferry Wickersham and the system's high-speed craft. He served eight years as
              permanent master of the motor vessel Aurora and another eight years as permanent master of the
              ferry Kennicott. Hopkins is the author of two books, including, "Wrangell Narrows, Alaska," a mile-
              by-mile guide for mariners navigating the Inside Passage. He was first appointed to MTAB in 2007.

              Koplin, of Cordova, fills a seat representing the Prince William Sound and Kenai Peninsula areas.
              He has served as the manager of engineering and operations for the Cordova Electric Cooperative
              since 1988. Koplin worked with the Prince William Sound Economic Development Group and the
              Cordova Chamber of Commerce to develop a marketing strategy for the motor vessel Aurora and
              the fast ferry Chenega. He was first appointed to MTAB in 2007.

              Korsmo, of Skagway, fills a seat designated for a retired marine captain or marine engineer who is
              not affiliated with the AMHS. He captains a 100-foot tugboat for Amak Towing, a subsidiary of
              Southeast Stevedoring. He has served as a Skagway City Council member since 2002, and is a
              member of the Southeast Conference board of directors, chairing Its transportation committee.
              Korsmo also serves on the Alaska Municipal League's public works and infrastructure committee.
              He was first appointed to MTAB in 2007.

              Marquardt, of Unalaska, fills a seat representing Southwest Alaska, including the Aleutian Islands.
              She is the port operations manager for Samson Tug and Barge in Dutch Harbor. Marquardt was
              elected mayor of Unalaska in 2004, and served the previous 10 years on the Unalaska City
              Council. She has been a member of the American Seafoods Community Advisory Board since
              1999. Marquardt also serves on the Alaska Municipal League's finance committee and the
              Southwest Alaska Municipal Conference's fisheries committee. She was first appointed to MTAB in
              2007.

              Roemmich, of Juneau, fills an at-large public seat. She has been executive director of the Juneau


              8/31/2009


                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0023950
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                        Page 3 of 3


              Chamber of Commerce since 2006 . She was assistant port manager for Southeast Stevedoring in
              Sitka from 1985- 96. Roemmich also spent four years as the service manager for Willie 's Marine,
              Inc. Boat Sales and Service in Juneau . A lifelong Alaskan, she has served as chair of MTAB since
              2007.

              Thompson, of Angoon, fills a seat representing Angoon, Hoonah , Kake, Pelican and Tenakee
              Springs in Southeast Alaska . She has been president of Angoon Oil Company for more than 20
              years. Thompson served on the Angoon City Council from 1994 -97, and served one term as mayor
              from 1997-99. A lifelong Alaskan, she was appointed to MTAB in 2007.

              Venables, of Haines, fills a seat representing northern Southeast Alaska including Haines , Juneau,
              and Skagway . He is energy coordinator for the Southeast Conference . He worked for the Haines
              Borough as manager from 2004- 08, and as economic development director 2000 - 04. He worked
              as Haines operations manager for a national wholesaling company from 1990 - 2001 . Venables is
              active in the Haines and Alaska State chambers of commerce , is a former chair of the Southeast
              Conference , and has been a member of the Haines Borough Fire District #3 board since 1988. He
              served on MTAB from 2003 -04, and was appointed again in 2007.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0023951
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                         Sarah P :lin




                      FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                  No. 08-156

                          Governor Palin Appoints Marine Transportation Advisory Board
                                                   Members

                     September 12, 2008 , Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today announced
                     she has appointed William T. Beck, John "JC" Conley, Mark Eliason, Gerry Hope,
                     Capt. William Hopkins, Clay Koplin , Mike Korsmo , Shirley Marquardt, Cathie
                     Roemmich, Maxine Thompson and Robert Venables to the Marine Transportation
                     Advisory Board (MTAB).

                     The 11- member board , comprised of representatives of a cross-section of Alaska
                     communities, advises and makes non -binding recommendations to the .state and the
                     Alaska Marine Highway System (AMHS) on issues related to the state ferry system.
                     The board was originally created by administrative order in 2003 . Governor Palin
                     reauthorized it by Administrative Order 240 in 2007 , and established It in state law
                     by signing House Bill 294 in June.

                     "The state ferry system is an essential part of the transportation system serving
                     Alaskans across Southeast and Southcentral Alaska ," Governor Palin said. "The
                     benefits of this board can already be seen . In the past year and a half, MTAB has
                     worked with the AMHS on fiscally responsible budgeting , route adjustments and
                     schedules, and we've seen improved service, Increased ridership, and schedules
                     released earlier than ever before." Since 2007, passenger traffic from Sitka to
                     Juneau is up 41 percent and vehicle traffic from Juneau to Petersburg is up 67
                     percent, she noted.

                     Beck, of Anchorage, fills an at-large public seat and also fulfills a requirement that
                     the board include a resident of an area not directly served by the AMHS. Since
                     1992, he has been owner and manager of an Anchorage travel agency now known as
                     Alaska Travel Source, and has held certification from the International Association of
                     Travel Agents . From 1980-91 he worked as a commercial diver for an Alaska
                     underwater construction service , and before that spent three years as a junior and
                     high school science teacher in Petersburg . Beck earned a bachelor's degree in
                     biochemistry and education from the University of South Carolina in 1977.

                     Conley, of Ketchikan , fills a seat reserved for a business owner with experience
                     interacting with the AMHS, and will also fulfill a requirement that one member reside
                     in the Ketchikan Gateway Borough . Conley owns Service Auto Parts in Ketchikan.
                     He has served three terms on the Ketchikan Gateway Borough Assembly, and served
                     twice as chair of the Ketchikan Chamber of Commerce and the Southeast




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0023952
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                       Conference. Conley chaired MTAB when it was originally authorized by
                       administrative order in 2003.

                      Eliason , of Anchorage, fills a seat reserved for a travel agent or tourism specialist
                      familiar with AMHS reservation systems . Since 1985, he has been president and
                      owner of USTravel , a diversified travel management company . Eliason has served
                      on several travel industry boards, including the Anchorage Convention & Visitors
                      Bureau, which he served as vice chair, and the World Travel Partners Affiliate
                      Advisory Board. He is also a member of the Alaska Travel Industry Association.

                      Hope, of Sitka, fills a seat representing central Southeast Alaska , including
                      Petersburg , Sitka and Wrangell . He has been the transportation manager for the
                      Sitka Tribe of Alaska since 2007 , and was an elected member of the Sitka Tribal
                      Council from 1999-2007 . Hope serves In the Sitka Chamber of Commerce board of
                      directors, and Is the current president of the Alaska Native Brotherhood.

                      Hopkins, of Ketchikan, fills a seat reserved for a representative of a union
                      representing AHMS employees. He retired from the ferry system in 2007 after 30
                      years of service . Hopkins has served as a marine pilot In Southeast and Southwest
                      Alaska and In Puget Sound on all state ferry vessels except the ferry Wickersham
                      and the system's high-speed craft . He served eight years as permanent master of
                      the motor vessel Aurora and another eight years as permanent master of the ferry
                      Kennicott. Hopkins is the author of two books, including, "Wrangell Narrows,
                      Alaska," a mile-by- mile guide for mariners navigating the Inside Passage. He was
                      first appointed to MTAB In 2007.

                      Koplin, of Cordova, fills a seat representing the Prince William Sound and Kenai
                      Peninsula areas. He has served as the manager of engineering and operations for
                      the Cordova Electric Cooperative since 1988. Koplin worked with the Prince William
                      Sound Economic Development Group and the Cordova Chamber of Commerce to
                      develop a marketing strategy for the motor vessel Aurora and the fast ferry
                      Chenega. He was first appointed to MTAB in 2007.

                      Korsmo, of Skagway, fills a seat designated for a retired marine captain or marine
                      engineer who is not affiliated with the AMHS . He captains a 100 -foot tugboat for
                      Amak Towing, a subsidiary of Southeast Stevedoring . He has served as a Skagway
                      City Council member since 2002 , and is a member of the Southeast Conference
                      board of directors , chairing its transportation committee . Korsmo also serves on the
                      Alaska Municipal League's public works and infrastructure committee . He was first
                      appointed to MTAB in 2007.

                     Marquardt, of Unalaska, fills a seat representing Southwest Alaska, including the
                     Aleutian Islands . She is the port operations manager for Samson Tug and Barge in
                     Dutch Harbor. Marquardt was elected mayor of Unalaska in 2004 , and served the
                     previous 10, years on the Unalaska City Council. She has been a member of the
                     American Seafoods Community Advisory Board since 1999 . Marquardt also serves
                     on the Alaska Municipal League 's finance committee and the Southwest Alaska
                     Municipal Conference's fisheries committee . She was first appointed to MTAB in
                     2007.

                     Roemmich, of Juneau , fills an at- large public seat. She has been executive director
                     of the Juneau Chamber of Commerce since 2006 . She was assistant port manager
                     for Southeast Stevedoring in Sitka from 1985 - 96. Roemmich also spent four years




                                                                                                               PRA GSP01 0023953
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      as the service manager for Willie's Marine, Inc. Boat Sales and Service in Juneau. A
                      lifelong Alaskan, she has served as chair of MTAB since 2007.

                      Thompson, of Angoon , fills a seat representing Angoon, Hoonah, Kake , Pelican and
                      Tenakee Springs in Southeast Alaska . She has been president of Angoon Oil
                      Company for more than 20 years. Thompson served on the Angoon City Council
                      from 1994- 97, and served one term as mayor from 1997-99. A lifelong Alaskan, she
                      was appointed to MTAB in 2007.

                      Venables , of Haines, fills a seat representing northern Southeast Alaska including
                      Haines, Juneau , and Skagway . He is energy coordinator for the Southeast
                      Conference. He worked for the Haines Borough as manager from 2004- 08, and as
                      economic development director 2000- 04. He worked as Haines operations manager
                      for a national wholesaling company from 1990 -2001 . Venables is active in the
                      Haines and Alaska State chambers of commerce , is a former chair of the Southeast
                      Conference, and has been a member of the Haines Borough Fire District # 3 board
                      since 1988 . He served on MTAB from 2003- 04, and was appointed again in 2007.




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0023954
