Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                 From:         McAllister, William D (GOV) [bili. mcallister@alaska.gov]
                Sent:          Saturday, September 13, 2008 7:23 PM
                To.            Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                 Subject:      Re: PR 08-157 Governor Palin Names Public Safety Commissioner 091208
                Attachments : image001.jpg

              Governor,
              Got your message just now; didn't quite understand. Mike said yesterday to refer most things to the campaign.
              That pretty much has been the practice lately. No calls from the NY Times today; got an e-mail about the same
              time as your message. Inquiry yesterday was regarding Ivy. It seemed like a trap; he bypassed the press office at
              first. I wasn't sure what I could say, anyway. If I am going to respond to everything, I need more guidance.
              -Bill



              Sent using BlackBerry


              From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              To: Burkert, Erin E (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV); Cockrell, Robert A (GOV);
              Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); McAllister, William D (GOV)
              Cc: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Sent: Fri Sep 12 16:44:48 2008
              Subject: Re: PR 08-157 Governor Palin Names Public Safety Commissioner 091208

              Thank you for getting this announcement out.. and thanks so much to Bob and Mike N. and Randy for their good
              work on this!


              From : Burkert, Erin E (GOV)
              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Hughes, Rosanne D (GOV)
              Cc: Rowland, Mindy B (GOV)
              Sent: Fri Sep 12 16:40:02 2008
              Subject: PR 08-157 Governor Palin Names Public Safety Commissioner 091208




               0




              FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                            No. 08-157

                                  Governor Palin Names Public Safety Commissioner



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0023966
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                         Page 2 of 2


               September 12, 2008, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today named Joseph A. Masters,
               security director of Doyon Universal Services and affiliate professor at University of Alaska
               Southeast, as commissioner of the Department of Public Safety.

              "Joe Masters brings more than two decades of Alaska law enforcement experience to the
              Department of Public Safety," Governor Palin said. "Both the department and all Alaskans will be
              well-served by his professionalism and knowledge of all facets of the organization."

              Masters, 44, of Anchorage, has 24 years of public safety experience. He has more than 20 years of
              service with the Department of Public Safety in various roles including supervising trooper
              recruitment and training. Masters served as deputy director of the Alaska State Troopers from
              June 2003 through May 2005. Prior to his service with the Troopers, Masters was a commander in
              Fish & Wildlife Protection.

              "It is an honor to be entrusted with this responsibility by Governor Palin and I look forward to
              working with the Department of Public Safety ; and in cooperation with other departments,. in a
              continual quest for improved delivery of services, " Masters said . " The members of the department
              are hardworking and dedicated to the protection of the citizens of Alaska and I am equally honored
              to provide direction and leadership to these everyday heroes."

              Masters is a 1986 graduate of the Alaska State Trooper Academy . He serves on the board of
              directors for the Alaska Native Justice Center , the Fraternal Order of Alaska State Troopers and
              other organizations, and serves on working groups of the Alaska Rural Justice Commission. He
              lives in Anchorage with his wife Michelle and their three children.




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 0023967
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page I of 2



                Unknown

                 From :   Larry Stinson (larrystinson @hotmaii.com]
                 Sent:    Sunday, September 14, 2008 tlc:28 PM
                To:       Kim; Anna C (GOV); Bob Lynn ; Roses; Bob (LAA); Brian Richardson ; John Harris; Perry ; Kristina Y
                          (GOV); Paul Richards ; Rep_John_Coghill@legis.state.ak.us; Lynn; Bob (LAA); Palin; Sarah H
                          (GOV); Pamell; Sean R (GOV); Bunde; Con (LAA); Olson ; Donny (LAA); Dyson; Fred (LAA);
                          Therriault; Gene .(LAA); French; Hollis (LAA); Thomas; Joe (LAA); Kraly; Stacie L (LAW)
                 Subject: FW: DOJ CON statement

              Department of Justice again advises repeal of state Certificate of Need due to abuses and ineffectiveness.


              From: larrystinson@hotmail.com
              To: larrystinson @hotmail.com
              Subject: DOJ CON statement
              Date: Sun, 14 Sep 2008 23: 10:49 -0700

              http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2008/09/illcon.shtm




              Federal Trade Commission , Department
              of Justice Issue Joint Statement on
              Certificate-of-Need Laws in Illinois
              Agencies Say CON Laws Undercut Consumer Choice,
              Stifle Innovation and
              Weaken Markets' Ability to Contain Health Care Costs
              In a joint statement to the Illinois Task Force on Health Planning Reform, the Federal Trade Commission and
              Department of Justice (DOJ) stated the agencies' position regarding certificate-of-need (CON) laws, saying that
              the laws undercut consumer choice, stifle innovation and weaken markets ' ability to contain health care costs.
              Today's statement reiterates the agencies' ongoing efforts to promote competition in health care.
              State CON programs generally prevent firms from entering certain areas of the health care market unless they
              can demonstrate to state authorities that there is an unmet need for their services. The task force is considering
              eliminating or amending Illinois ' CON requirements . The agencies were asked by the task force to present their
              views at a meeting to be held in Chicago on Sept. 15, 2008.
              FTC Chairman William Kovacic underscored the importance of health care competition, stating that , "The health
              care industry provides us all with fundamental services at significant and vulnerable times . Vigorous competition
              can promote greater access to cost-effective, high-quality health care."
              In the joint statement, the agencies said that CON laws impede the efficient performance of health care markets
              by creating barriers to entry and expansion , to the detriment of health care competition and consumers. The
              statement describes economic research on the effects of CON laws , as well as some of the risks that CON laws
              can entail. For example, in addition to limiting entry, CON laws create opportunities for existing competitors to



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0023968
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 2


               exploit the CON process to thwart or delay new competition ; they can facilitate anticompetitive agreements
               among providers; and the CON process itself may be susceptible to corruption.
                The Antitrust Division is committed to providing guidance on how to promote competition in the health care
               industry," said Thomas O. Barnett, Assistant Attorney General In charge of the Department's Antitrust Division.
               "Competition in'this important industry benefits consumers by offering lower prices and better quality services."

               The joint statement also evaluates several arguments in support of CON laws, noting that the original cost-control
               reasons for CON laws no longer apply and that CON laws are an ineffective means to fund indigent care. For
               these reasons, the agencies encourage members of the Illinois task force - as well as officials in other states that
               continue to require certificates of need - to consider whether such laws do more harm than good.
               Today's statement is based on the agencies' extensive experience with CON laws. The agencies jointly conducted
               hearings on issues in health care competition , including CON laws, in 2003 ; those hearings, and related research,
               led to a 2004 report, Improving Health Care: A Dose of Competition, which observed that, on balance, CON
               programs are not successful in containing health care costs , and that they pose serious anticompetitive risks that
               usually outweigh their purported economic benefits ." Today's statement is based on that report and more recent
               economic studies. Recently, the agencies have provided similar statements to the General Assembly and the
               Senate of the state of Georgia ; the Committee on Health, Education and Social Services of the Alaska House of
               Representatives; and the Florida Senate Committee on Health and Human Services Appropriations.
              The Commission vote approving the joint statement was 4-0.
              Copies of the joint testimony are available from the FTC 's Web site at hip://www .ftc.goov and the FTC's
              Consumer Response Center, Room 130, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington , D.C. 20580. The FTC's
              Bureau of Competition works with the Bureau of Economics to investigate alleged anticompetitive business
              practices and, when appropriate, recommends that the Commission take law enforcement action . To inform the
              Bureau about particular business practices, call             202-326-3300        , send an e-mail to
              antitrusuf ftc.aov, or write to the Office of Policy and Coordination , Room 394, Bureau of Competition, Federal .
              Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Ave, N .W., Washington, DC 20580 . To learn more about the Bureau of
              Competition, read "Competition Counts" at bft://www.ftc.gov/competltioncounts.

              MEDIA CONTACT:
                   Mitchell J. Katz,
                    FTC Office of Public Affaft
                             202-326-2161
              STAFF CONTACT:
                     Daniel J. Gilman,
                     Office of Policy Planning
                               202-326-3136




              Stay up to date on your PC, the Web, and your mobile phone with Windows Live. See Now

              Want to do more with Windows Live? Learn "10 hidden secrets " from Jamie. Learn Now




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0023969
