Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    McAllister, William D (GOV) [billmcallister@ alaska.gov]
           Sent:                    Monday, September 15, 2008 6:03 PM
           To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                 RE: Checkin

           Governor:



           Just got done talking with Kyle about you running the state while campaigning. I pointed
           out the obvious -- Bush, Clinton were governors, you're in constant contact with Nizich,
           et. al. Now he's requesting examples of e-mails you've written while on the road
           demonstrating that you're in charge of the executive branch. How should I respond? (Story
           now appears to be for Wednesday.)



           --Bill



           -----Original Message-----

           From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 4:31 PM

           To: McAllister, William D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: Re: Checkin



           Arghhhh! I am so sorry that the office is swamped like this! Dinosaurs even?! I'll try to
           run through some of these in my head before responding. And the old, used tanning bed that
           my girls have used a handful of times in Juneau? Yes, we paid for it ourselves. I, too,
           will continue to be dismayed at the media and am thankful you and Sharon are not part of
           the stange going's-on in the media world of today.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: McAllister, William D (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

          Cc:. Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

          Sent: Mon Sep 15 16:05:47 2008

          Subject: RE: Checkin.



          Governor,




                                                                 2




                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0023978
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Nothing new today on the election numbers that I've heard.



           My understanding is that someone, either Van Flein or the campaign , is doing a presser
           related to Monegan as we speak . I haven't heard from anyone exactly what has been said.



           Topics today:



           1) Use of personal e-mail accounts. AP and Channel 2 have tried to do follows of today's
           ADN story, which includes comments I made three weeks ago when I thought Lisa Demer was
           pitching a story idea (but in fact was secretly taping me). Per today's staff meeting
           regarding communications that occurred over the weekend, we're referring the inquiries to
           the campaign.



           2) Kyle Hopkins has been trying to sandbag commissioners on talking to him about how state
           government possibly could work with you on the road. Annette responded before hearing that
           we were trying to put a lid on it. Not sure what if anything the campaign is saying about
           this.



           3) The tanning bed at the Governor's House. My understanding is that you paid for this.
           Some website is implying otherwise, triggering various phone calls from the media.



           4) Grace at Channel 11 wanted to know your feelings on the Knik Arm Bridge. I left her a
           voice mail message simply saying that you want a complete review and a public process.



           5) Subpoenas. I understand the lawyers have a letter from you they're trying to parse.
           Anything to add there? It appears that Mike Barnhill already had sent a letter to
           Branchflower -- in response to Elton's letter in which Elton conceded that the Department
           of Law interpretation that state employees aren't facing criminal charges is the correct
           interpretation -- saying that the Admin folks would cooperate and talk. That has been
           reported already.



           Various and-sundry questions from last week:.



           --Is it your belief that dinosaurs and humans co-existed at one time? I said I have never
           spoken to you about this. (There is an interesting reference to "Behemoth" in the Old
           Testament.)



           --What was your attitude toward the "rape kits" under Chief Fannon? (A former acquaintance
           of mine from Haines, by the way.)



           --How is decision-making shared between you and Craig Campbell?



           --Do you have a favorite poem?
                                                         2




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01_0023979
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           I continue to be dismayed at the media.



           I hope you are well.



           --Bill




           -----Original Message-----

           From : Palin, Sarah (GOV. sponsored)

           Sent : Monday, September 15, 2008 3:45.PM

           To: McAllister , William D (GOV); Leighow , Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich , Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: Checkin



           Just checking in - and thanks for getting the OCS message out via the press release.
           Anything new on Sean Parnell's election numbers?




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0023980
