Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVSP]
           Sent:                    Monday, September 15, 2008 4:31 PM
           To:                      McAllister, William D (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
           Cc:                      Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
           Subject:                 Re: Checkin


           Arghhhh! I am so sorry that the office is swamped like this! Dinosaurs even?! I'll try to
           run through some of these in my head before responding. And the old, used tanning bed that
           my girls have used a handful of times in Juneau? Yes, we paid for it ourselves. I, too,
           will continue to be dismayed at the media and am thankful you and Sharon are not part of
           the stange going's-on in the media world of today.



           ----- Original Message -----

           From: McAllister, William D (GOV)

           To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Sent: Mon Sep 15 16:05:47 2008

           Subject: RE: Checkin



           Governor,



           Nothing new today on the election numbers that I've heard.



           My understanding is that someone, either Van Flein or the campaign, is doing a presser
           related to Monegan as we speak. I haven't heard from anyone exactly what has been said.



           Topics today:



           1) Use of personal e-mail accounts. AP and Channel 2 have tried to do follows of today's
           ADN story, which includes comments I made three weeks ago when I thought Lisa Demer was
           pitching a.story idea (but in fact was secretly taping me). Per today's staff meeting
           regarding communications that occurred over the weekend, we're referring the inquiries to
           the campaign.



           2) Kyle Hopkins has been trying to sandbag commissioners on talking to him about how state
           government possibly could work with you on the road. Annette responded before hearing that
           we were trying to put a lid on it. Not sure what if anything the campaign is saying about
           this.



           3) The tanning bed at the Governor's House. My understanding is that you paid for this.
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 _0023986
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            Some website is implying otherwise , triggering various phone calls from the media.



            4) Grace at Channel 11 wanted to know your feelings on. the Knik Arm Bridge . I left her a
            voice mail message simply saying that you want a complete review and a public process.



           5) Subpoenas . I understand the lawyers have a letter from you they ' re trying to parse.
           Anything to add there ?, It appears that Mike Barnhill already had sent a letter to
           Branchflower -- in response to Elton ' s letter in which Elton conceded that the Department
           of Law interpretation that state employees aren't facing criminal charges is the correct
           interpretation -- saying that the Admin folks would cooperate and talk. That has been
           reported already.



           Various and sundry questions from last week:



           --Is it your belief that dinosaurs and humans co-existed at one time ? I said I have never
           spoken to you about this. ( There is an interesting reference to "Behemoth" in the Old
           Testament.)



           --What was your attitude toward the "rape kits " under Chief Fannon ? ( A former acquaintance
           of mine from Haines , by the way.)



           --How is decision-making shared between you and Craig Campbell?



           --Do you have a . favorite poem?



           I continue to be dismayed at the media.



           I hope you are well.



           --Bill




          -----Original Message-----


                                                        2




                                                                                                     PRA GSPOI_0023987
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           .From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

           Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 3:45 PM

           To: McAllister, William D (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

           Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)

           Subject: Checkin



           Just checking in - and thanks for getting the OCS message out via the press release.
           Anything new on Sean Parnell's election numbers?




                                                         3




                                                                                                     PRA GSP01 0023988
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



               Fw: Price gouging                                                                                      Page 1 of 1



                 Unknown

                 From:     Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=MANIZICH)
                 Sent:      Monday, September 15, 2008.10:38 PM
                 To:       sp@hslak.com
                 Subject: RE: Price gouging

               I will follow up on this Governor. Talis is in Kansas right now and I had him on the phone most of the day on the
               investigation issue.


               From: sp@hslak.com [mailto:sp@hslak.com]
               Sent: Mon 9/15/2008 9:20 PM
               To: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
               Subject: Fw: Price gouging

               Fyi
               -----Original Message--
               From: Talis Colberg
               To: SarahPersonal
               Sent Sep 15,2008 1:53 PM
               Subject: Re: Price gouging

               Dear governor palin. Randys summary is corect. It is a slow process but it is under way. Tails.

               ---- Original Message
               From: sp@bslak.com <sp@hslak.com>
               To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW)
               Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
               Sent: Sun Sep 14 07:28:52 2008
               Subject: Price gouging

               Hi Talis! What's new with AG investigation on gas prices in AK?
               Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T


               Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T




               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA_GSP01_0023989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                  Page I of I



                Unknown

                From :      Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin@alaska.govj
                Sent:       Monday, September 15, 2008 7:46 PM
                To:         Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Cc:         Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Galvin; Patrick S (DOR); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
                Subject: Re: Checkin in

              Governor, all is well thanks. We had an idea that work, although staying busy, would be be less
              demanding than the AGIA process. We were wrong about the work load but the desire and energy to
              achive your goals, to get gas to market, to take care of Alaskan's business are also stronger than. ever.
               We know with great pride that your work load increased also.

              The anti's are now saying the line will never get through Canada. That position will be destroyed by the
              truth of the treaty between the US and Canada, TC's access position in Canada, our and even the Legis
              legal consultants saying it will happen, the demands of the market for clean energy, the motivating
     I        economics for all including the producers, US, Canada, and Ak, and then even the Denali project is
              planned through Canada. It remains amazing how some choose to distort the truth. I call it lying.

              I have not heard that about Exxon but I know they are very interested in everything we do.

              As your time allows we will be ready to provide support for the calls to the company CEOs. Thanks
              from all of us for your continued support!

              Good news!! The initial results from the Kenai River show the new regs you approved have reduced the
              hydrocarbons from a high of 23 ppm to under the 10 ppm limit. Will keep you informed. God bless.
               Tom


              Sent from my iPhone

              On Sep 15, 2008, at 4:41 PM, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov> wrote:

                      Hello gasline team- checking in- hoping all is well with all of you. I hear some of the anti's are griping about
                      TC-Alaska again, let me know if I need to answer any of their gripes. You're doing great and people around
                      the country are very excited about AK resource development.

                      I hear that Exxon is attending the Monegan hearing (s)? That's odd.
                       Again, hoping all is well and let me know what you need . Thank you folks!




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                         PRA_GSPO1 _0023990
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page I of I



                Unknown

                From:     Rep. John Hams [Representative John_Hanis @legis.state.ak.us]
                Sent:     Monday, September 15, 2008 5:18 PM
                To:       Warren Keogh ; Von Scheben ; Leo (DOT)
                Cc:       Keith; Gordon C (DOT); steven. horn@alaska.gov; Dougherty; Judy J (DOT); Thomas; Scott E
                          (DOT); Martindale ; Ron F (DOT); Sutliff; Mary Jane (DOT); Glass; John D (DPS); Casanovas;
                          Dennis E (DPS); aklynne@mtaonline. net; marilyn@chickaloon.org; Harris ; John (LAA); Therriault;
                          Gene (LAA); Palin; Sarah H (GOV); chris. remick@matsukl2 . us; pepelepu@mtaonline.net;
                          freeznbutoff@attnet; jenni@chickaloon.org; pat owens; rickb@alaska .com; Feliman ; Pete (LAA)
                Subject: RE: Glenn Highway safety issues in Chickaloon, Alaska

              Warren:
              Thank you for your letter outlining specific safety concerns about locations on the Glenn Highway. I am very
              familiar with the road conditions you have outlined.

              These road conditions need to be fixed . Please convey my support for whatever actions are necessary to
              address these problems in a timely manner.

              Rep. John Hams


              From: Warren Keogh [mailto:warrenkeogh@gmaii.com]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 9:57 AM
              To: leo.vonscheben@alaska.gov
              Cc: gordon.keith@alaska.gov; steven.horn@alaska.gov; judy.dougherty@alaska.gov; soott.thomas@alaska.gov;
              ron.martindale@alaska.gov; maryjane.sutliff@alaska.gov; john.glass@alaska.gov; dennis.casanovas@alaska.gov;
              aklynne@mtaonline.net; marilyn@chickaloon.org; Rep. John Harris; Sen. Gene Therriault;
              sarah.palin@alaska.gov; chris.remick@matsuk12.us; pepelepu@mtaonline.net, freeznbutoff@att.net;
              jenni@chickaloon.org; pat owens; rickb@alaska.com
              Subject: Glenn Highway safety issues in Chickaloon, Alaska

              Dear Commissioner von Scheben,

              Attached find an electronic copy of Chickaloon Community Council correspondence to you regarding
              highway safety issues in our community.

              Warren Keogh, Chair
              Chickaloon Community Council
              P.O. Box 1145
              Chickaloon, Alaska 88674

              P.S. Please note that I have not included correspondence cc addressees John MacKinnon and John
              Tolley in this e-mail note. Their names are not listed on the State of Alaska Employee Directory web
              site.




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                      PRA GSP01 0023991
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Pagel o2



                Unknown

                 From:     Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [randall.ruaro c©alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Monday, September 15, 2008 1:12 PM
                 To:       Fishergoad; Sara L (AIDEA); 'sp@hslak.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Cc:       Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED);
                           Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
                 Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

               Sara, please keep trying and keep copies of e-mails, and phone attempts to get through to Adak. It is important
               that we do everything we can to get the information to them, get their application completed, and loan funds
               disbursed as soon as possible.

               Randy


               From: Sara Fisher-Goad [mailto:SFisherGoad@aidea.org]
               Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 10:19 AM
               To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
               Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Notti, Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED ); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Haagenson,
               Steven H (AIDEA)
               Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

               We have faxed, called, and left a message and are now sending the request via email. If you have a phone
               number for Mayor Whitehead or anyone from the City please let me know; Steven Hines the City Manager filled
               out the application . City Hall is not answering their phone.




              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [mailto:randall. ruaro@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 10:02 AM
              To: Sara Fisher-Goad; sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Emil Notti; Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Steve Haagenson
              Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

               Sara:

              Rather than wait for additional information from Adak, can someone please call the Mayor now and get the
              information over the phone so we can complete the securing of the loan, process it, and get the loan proceeds
              disbursed to Adak.

              Randy


              From: Sara Fisher-Goad [mailto:SFisherGoad@aidea.org]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 9:08 AM
              To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Notti, Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Haagenson,
              Steven H (AIDEA)                                              -
              Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

              City of Adak applied for a $400,000 Bulk Fuel loan on the 9th of September on the same day we asked for
              additional information via fax to the City of Adak. AEA is waiting for information from Adak in order to secure.



               8/31/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0023992
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


              the loan . We can process a loan very quickly if we get the information from the applicant . This will be their
              second loan with AEA, the first was in 2003 . We will contact the City again today in order to process their loan
              application.

              Additional information - TDX Power is looking into purchasing the electric utility from the City pending RCA
              review. RCA is scheduled to hear the case sometime in December.

              Sara Fisher-Goad
              Deputy Director - Operations
              AIDEA and AEA
              907-771-3012



              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [mailto:randall.ruaro@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 7:47 AM
              To: sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Emil Notti; Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Sara Fisher-Goad
              Subject: Fuel shortage in Adak

              Governor.

              There is a fuel issue in Adak. The local supplier is refusing to extend further credit to the city for fuel. The city
              owes roughly $500,000 now. The city and the supplier (Aleut Corp.) are talking . to try and resolve -the issues.
              There is plenty of fuel in Adak, the supplier is just unwilling to sell more to the city on credit.

              I will look into whether either of the loan programs we just expanded with increased loan limits in the recent
              special session could be used by Adak to get through the crisis , when they will receive their municipal revenue
              sharing payments , etc. and report back. If these programs or others are available to help Adak we will let them
              know right away.

              Randy

              Greg:

              Please let me know whether Adak has received its municipal revenue sharing payments, and if not, when
              they are due to be paid.

              Also, please let me know whether the bridge loan program administered at Commerce that we just
              increased in special session to a $750,000 maximum limit is available to the City of Adak.

              Also, ifthere is any emergency loan or grant sources, please let me know.

              Sarah:

              Are there any loan or grant programs that Adak can apply for.that are administered by AEA?

              Randy




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0023993
