Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 1



                Unknown

                From:      Winegar, Gregory R (CED) [greg.winegar@alaska.gov]
                Sent:      Monday, September 15, 2008 10:57 AM
                To:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); sp@hslak.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                Cc:        Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Fishergoad; Sara L (AIDEA)
                Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

              Good morning Randy. I sent an email to Scott Ruby requesting some information on your questions. I also
              wanted to make you aware that Adak has a loan through the Bond Bank that has a payment coming due on
              November 18t. The payment amount is $117,375 and we will be requesting payment the week of October 20a'. If
              that payment is not received the Bank has the authority to intercept state revenues to cover the payment They
              have not indicated to us that this will be a problem but I thought you should be aware of this just in case. Thanks.
              Greg


              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV)
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 7:47 AM
              To: sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Notti, Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Fishergoad,
              Sara L (AIDEA)
              Subject: Fuel shortage in Adak

              Governor.

              There is a fuel issue in Adak . The local supplier is refusing to extend further credit to the city for fuel . The city
              owes roughly $500 ,000 now. The city and the supplier (Aleut Corp.) are talking to try and resolve the issues.
              There is plenty of fuel in Adak, the supplier is just unwilling to sell more to the city on credit.

              I will look into whether either of the loan programs we just expanded with increased loan limits in the recent
              special session could be used by Adak to get through the crisis, when they will receive their municipal revenue
              sharing payments, etc. and report back. If these programs or others are available to help Adak we will let them
              know right away.

              Randy

              Greg:

              Please let me know whether Adak has received its municipal revenue sharing payments , and if not, when
              they are due to be paid.

              Also, please let me know whether the bridge loan program administered at Commerce that we just
              increased in special session to a $750,000 maximum limit is available to the City of Adak.

              Also, if there is any emergency loan or grant sources, please let me know.

              Sarah:

              Are there any loan or grant programs that Adak can apply for that are administered by AEA?

              Randy



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA_GSPOI _0024001
