Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                      Page 1 of I



                Unknown

                From :    Colberg, Tails J (LAW) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERGJ
                Sent:     Monday, September 15,2008 11:45 AM
                To:       'sp@hslak.com..
                Subject: Fw: Status of Gas Price Investigation

              Dear governor palin. Attached is the most current information on the gas situation. Tails


              From: Andersen, Signe P (LAW)
              To: Colberg, Talis 3 (LAW)
              Cc: Korting, Nancy A (LAW)
              Sent: Mon Sep 1511 :36:23 2008
              Subject: Status of Gas Price Investigation

              Tails,

              With respect to the investigation, we are still in the information gathering stage. As you know, we have retained
              as an expert Barry Pulliam of EconOne (sp?), who currently is in the process of reviewing all public information
              regarding gas pricing and 60 boxes of information from the prior price fixing investigation. We have also sent
              information requests to Tesoro, Chevron, and Flint Hills. After Ed returns from leave, there is a plan to meet with
              the companies to talk about the information requested and to get an informal assessment from the companies
              about what is affecting the price of gas. Barry Pulliam will be coming to Alaska on September 30 to meet with Ed
              and the companies. And as you may also know, Ed was in Fairbanks on Wednesday of last week to appear at
              the House Judiciary meeting that was convened to talk about gas pricing. Let me know if you need any more
              information. I also put a call into Ed in case he has more to add.

              Signe Andersen
              Chief Assistant Attorney General
              Commercial and Fair Business Section




                                                                                                                        PRA_GSP01_0023994
