Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                 From :   Sara Fisher-Goad [SFisherGoad@aidea.org]
                 Sent:    Monday, September 15, 2008 10:19 AM
                 To:      Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); sp@hslak.com; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV)
                 Cc:      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED);
                          Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
                 Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

               We have faxed, called , and left a message and are now sending the request via email. If you have a phone
               number for Mayor Whitehead or anyone from the City please let me know; Steven Hines the City Manager filled
               out the application . City Hall is not answering their phone.

               Sara

              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [mailto:randall .ruaro@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 10:02 AM
              To: Sara Fisher-Goad; sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Emil Notti; Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Steve Haagenson
              Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

              Sara:

              Rather than wait for additional information from Adak, can someone please call the Mayor now and get the
              information over the phone so we can complete the securing of the loan, process it, and get the loan proceeds
              disbursed to Adak.

              Randy


              From: Sara Fisher-Goad [mailto:SFisherGoad @aidea.org]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 9:08 AM
              To: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV); sp@hstak.com; Perry, Krishna Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nlzich, Michael A (GOV); Notti, Emil R (CED ); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Haagenson,
              Steven H (AIDEA)
              Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

              City of Adak applied for a $400,000 Bulk Fuel loan on the 9th of September on the same day we asked for
              additional information via fax to the City of Adak. AEA is waiting for information from Adak in order to secure
              the loan . We can process a loan very quickly if we get the information from the applicant . This will be their
              second loan with AEA, the first was in 2003. We will contact the City again today in order to process their loan
              application.

              Additional information - TDX Power is looking into purchasing the electric utility from the City pending RCA
              review . RCA is scheduled to hear the case sometime in December.

              Sara Fisher-Goad
              Deputy Director - Operations
              AIDEA and AEA
              907-771-3012




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSPOI_0023999
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 2



              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [mailto: randatl.ruaro@alaska.gov]
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 7:47 AM
              To., sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Emil Notti; Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Sara Fisher-Goad
              Subject: Fuel shortage In Adak

              Governor:

              There is a fuel issue in Adak . The local supplier is refusing to extend further credit to the city for fuel . The city
              owes roughly $500,000 now. The city and the supplier (Aleut Corp.) are talking to try and resolve the issues.
              There is plenty of fuel in Adak, the supplier is just unwilling to sell more to the city on credit.

              I will look into whether either of the loan programs we just expanded with increased loan limits in the recent
              special session could be used by Adak to get through the crisis, when they will receive their municipal revenue
              sharing payments, etc. and report back. If these programs or others are available to help Adak we will let them
              know right away.

              Randy

              Greg:

              Please let me know whether Adak has received its municipal revenue sharing payments, and if not, when
              they are due to be paid.

              Also, please let me know whether the bridge loan program administered at Commerce that we just
              increased in special session to a $750,000 maximum limit is available to the City of Adak.

              Also, if there is any emergency loan or grant sources, please let me know.

              Sarah:

              Are there any loan or grant programs that Adak can apply for that are administered by AEA?

              Randy




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                               PRA GSP01_0024000
