Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:      Sara Fisher-Goad [SFisherGoad @aidea.orgj
                Sent:      Monday, September 15, 2008 9:08 AM
                To:        Ruaro; Randall P (GOV); sp@hslak. com; Perry ; Kristina Y (GOV)
                Cc:      Nizich; Michael A (GOV); Notti; Emil R (CED); Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED);
                         Haagenson; Steven H (AIDEA)
                Subject: RE: Fuel shortage in Adak

              City of Adak applied for a $400,000 Bulk Fuel loan on the 9th of September on the same day we asked for
              additional information via fax to the City of Adak. AEA is waiting for information from Adak in order to secure
              the loan. We can process a loan very quickly if we get the information from the applicant . This will be their
              second loan with AEA, the first was in 2003. We will contact the City again today in order to process their loan
              application. '

              Additional information -TDX Power is looking into purchasing the electric utility from the City pending RCA
              review. RCA is scheduled to hear the case sometime in December.

              Sara Fisher-Goad
              Deputy Director - Operations
              AIDEA and AEA
              907-771-3012



              From: Ruaro, Randall P (GOV) [mailto:randall .ruaro@alaska.govj
              Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 7:47 AM
              To: sp@hslak.com; Perry, Kristin Y (GOV)
              Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Emil Notti; Winegar, Gregory R (CED); Ryder, Amanda (CED); Sara Fisher-Goad
              Subject: Fuel shortage in Adak

              Governor

              There is a fuel issue in Adak. The local supplier is refusing to extend further credit to the city for fuel. The city
              owes roughly $500,000 now. The city and the supplier (Aleut Corp.) are talking to try and resolve the issues.
              There is plenty of fuel in Adak, the supplier is just unwilling to sell more to the city on credit

              I will look into whether either of the loan programs we just expanded with increased loan limits in the recent
              special session could be used by Adak to get through the crisis , when they will receive their municipal revenue
              sharing payments , etc. and report back. If these programs or others are available to help Adak we will let them
              know right away.

              Randy

              Greg:

              Please let me know whether Adak has received its municipal revenue sharing payments, and if not, when
              they are due. to be paid.

              Also, please let me know whether the bridge loan program administered at Commerce that we just
              increased in special session to .a $750,000 maximum limit is available to the City of Adak.



              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0024003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2



              Also, if there is any emergency loan or grant sources, please let me know.

              Sarah:

              Are there any loan or grant programs that Adak can apply for that are administered by AEA?

    I         Randy




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA_GSPOI_0024004
