Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                         Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

               From:     Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA) [/O=SOAIOU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                         GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AEKREITZERJ
               Sent:     Monday, September 15, 2008 5:19 PM
               To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject: RE: Checking in

             He and I have not had much time to discuss it. I gave him a brief
             report of the following:
             We had a Working Group meeting September 10 with Comms. Hartig,
             Hogan, von Scheben, Karen Rehfeld and me.

                      Labor Contracts & Non-Covereds salary increases have increased
                       State budget by $150.0 by FY10.
                      Geographic Differential Study will be done in time for the
                       Legislative session - there will be budget impact. It was last
                       implemented fully in 1970.  Due to arbitrations and court cases,
                       there are disparities between union and non-union employees.
                       The study will put everyone back on even ground (through
                       phasing).
                      Salary Survey:   We all agreed it needs to be done by outside
                       contractor, not state. Last one took nine months. Can't rush
                       it, or no one will trust the results. The Group on the 10th
                       concurred on this point. We will begin the work, but it won't
                       be done in time for the FY10 budget.
                    We've worked with the classification section to remove barriers
                     in how we do classifications. I have offered to meet with every
                     department's administrative services director, and have met
                     with:  DNR, Revenue, Law, DPS, and DOT/PF. This is important
                     because these folks drive the departments, they know what the
                     hiring issues are. I am in touch with the hundreds of hiring
                     managers, as well. I believe I have real time information on
                     the recruitment and retention issues, because I have constant
                     communication with those who are dealing with it daily.
                    We've allowed more flexibility in Deputy Commissioner Pay
                    Streamlined. the intern pro qr am process (esp. important to
                     DF&G,DEC and others who use interns and try to steer them toward
                     a career in state government).
                    More departments are using the tools available to them: Law has
                     switched to flexible work schedules (employees get every other
                     Fri or Mon off and still put in 37.5 hours per week with no
                     office closures, public must still get service.)     APOC is moving
                     to this, pockets of State government are moving to it and
                     employees love it.

             The group asked that we have talking points and a matrix of what's



             8/25/2009


                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0024017
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


             been accomplished so far for them to be able to get the word out to
             their employees.  We'll have that tomorrow.

             We have certain things going for us:
                      Layoffs in Lower 48 states provide us more opportunity in
                       recruiting for specialized jobs where we have few Alaska
                       applicants
                      Stock market downturn means folks who might have wanted to
                       retire might decide to stay another year or two.

             These factors give us more time to get the impact of the geo diff
             study and the salary survey implemented.

             If you are hearing something from others that's a different story, I
             will be glad to run it down and figure out the specific issue.

             Thanks for the note.
             ak

             -----Original Message-----
             From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 4:34 PM
             To: Kreitzer, Annette E (DOA)
             Subject: Checking in

             Hi Annette- sorry to hear the office has been inundated with some odd
             media inquiries - hope you're able. to get through the day
             productivly. Have you and Nizich had much time to discuss the salary
             survey (recruitment/retention)?




             8/25/2009


                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 _0024018
