Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                    Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) [/0=S0A1OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                   GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=PSGALVINI J
          Sent:                    Monday, September 15, 2008 8:56 PM
          To:                      Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Balash
                                   Joseph R (GOV)
          Subject:                 RE: Checkin in


          Governor,



          It's great to hear from you! There are very few anti's griping within Alaska, but the
          national media is getting their first taste of AGIA and they WANT it to be wrong somehow.
          First, the New York Times wrote that the gasline is no sure thing, quoting Bert and Lyda
          as recent. converts against it ("We're shocked that TC demands $500 million from the
          state!"), acting as if you had said the gas was practically flowing right now. Recently,
          we hear that a Newsweek reporter wants to "blow the lid" off the real story that everybody
          knows we'll never get through Canada, and AGIA was all a ruse to get you to the White
          House.



          We'll continue to spread the truth, and explain the ongoing battle with the Producers.



          We know you're letting people around the country know about what Alaska has to offer.
          Thank you.



          -Pat



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 4:41 PM

         To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash, Joseph
         R (GOV)

         Subject: Checkin in



         Hello gasline team- checking in- hoping all is well with all of you. I hear some of the
         anti's are griping about TC-Alaska again, let me know if I need to answer any of their
         gripes. You're doing great and people around the country are very excited about AK
         resource development.

           I hear that Exxon is attending the Monegan hearing(s)? That's odd.

            Again, hoping all is well and let me know what you need. Thank you folks!




                                                                 1




                                                                                                               PRA_GSPOI 0024016
