Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1



               Unknown

                From:     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin c@alaska.gov)
                Sent:    Tuesday, September 16, 2008 2:15 PM
                to.,     Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: Re: ADN, Kyle Hopkins

              Thanks so much guys. I appreciate you


              From: Irwin, Tom E (DNR)
              To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
              Sent: Tue Sep 1613:25:212008
              Subject: ADN, Kyle Hopkins

              Governor and Mike,
              Mike as we discussed yesterday, Kyle Hopkins ADN was trying to reach me to ask "how is state government
              running while the governor's on the campaign trail?'

             I talked with Kyle this morning and told him it was business as usual . Nothing has changed and I didn't expect it
             to. The Governor is like the CEO of a large company . She appropriately delegates her goals to the
             commissioners and we are accountable for getting the goals accomplished . It is normal business.

             He asked how it works with her traveling . I said there is no difference . For example Alaska is a large state and if
             communications are needed phones and email work just fine. She can be in Juneau and I can be in Barrow and
             when necessary we communicate. The Governor also has a Chief of Staff who communicates with the Governor
             on a daily basis and then passes on any information to the appropriate commissioners . The Governor is engaged
             and in charge.

             He asked if I had communicated with the Governor. I told him yes, she had inquired how the gasline work was
             going and is there anything she needed to do to help.

             He asked what I said. I told Kyle that I thanked the Governor for asking , that all is well, that we were all busy, that
             we continue to be asked questions about AGIA . I reminded Kyle that because of the Governor 's open,"
             transparent process it is easy to answer AGIA questions since all of the AGIA findings were posted on the web
             site for the public to see.

             I also informed the Governor that the initial results from the Kenai River regulations she approved were
             successful . The hydrocarbon levels had been reduced from a high of 23 ppm in the past to under the standard of
             10 ppm.

             He asked if I had communicated by phone or email. I told him it was by email.

             He asked what I was doing right then. I told him I was attending the Governor 's sub-cabinet meeting on climate
             change.

             He .thanked me and we were done . Probably a 3 to 4 minute call.

             Tom




             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01 _0024023
