Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

                From:        Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) [patrickgalvin@alaska.gov]
                Sent:        Tuesday, September 16, 2008 1:50 PM
                To:          Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: Re: Checkin in

              Thank you for the kind words for PFD. BTW, I've sent PFD employees a thank you for their extra
              efforts this year, and passed along your recognition of their good work, as well.
              As an aside, I met with Bowles last week. Nothing new... We're working through ACES reg issues, and
              making good progress. We're finding that many of the oil company complaints about ACES are based
              on a myth that we're going to interpret the statute in a way to screw them. We're slowly earning their
              trust.

              You keep making us proud to be Alaskans.

              -Pat

              Sent from my PDA, please excuse any typos or misspelling.


              On Sep 16, 2008, at 5:49 AM, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin(rr^,alaskaa_gov> wrote:

                      Holy cow. Thank you guys for continuing to get the truth out! And Meg can help. Keep up the great work...
                      hopefully folks are happy with DoR's good work with the early dividends - thank you!

                      -- Original Message --
                      From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)
                      To: Palin, ,Sarah (GOV sponsored); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Balash, Joseph R
                      (GOV)
                      Sent: Mon Sep 15 20 :55:38 2008
                      Subject: RE: Checkin in


                      Governor,

                      It's great to hear from you ! There are very few anti's griping within Alaska, but the national media is getting
                      their first taste of AGIA and they WANT it to be wrong somehow. First, the New York Times wrote that the
                      gasline is no sure thing, quoting Bert and Lyda as recent converts against it ("We're shocked that TIC demands
                      $500 million from the state !"), acting as if you had said the gas was practically flowing right now. Recently,
                      we hear that a Newsweek reporter wants to "blow the lid " off the real story that everybody knows well never
                      get through Canada , and AGIA was all a ruse to get you to the White House.

                      We'lI continue to spread the truth, and explain the ongoing battle with the Producers.

                      We know you're letting people around the country know about what Alaska has to offer. Thank you.

                      -Pat

                      ----Original Message---
                      From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                      Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 4:41 PM


             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0024025
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 2


                    To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Balash , Joseph R (GOV)
                    Subject: Checkin in

                    Hello gasline team- checking in- hoping all is well with all of you . I hear some of the anti's are griping about
                    TC-Alaska again, let me know if I need to answer any of their gripes. You're doing great and people around
                    the country are very excited about AK resource development.

                     I hear that Exxon is attending the Monegan hearing(s)? That's odd.
                      Again, hoping all is well and let me know what you need. Thank you folks!




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01 0024026
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                          Page I of 1



                Unknown

                 From:     Irwin, Tom E (DNR) [tom.irwin@alaska.gov]
                 Sent:     Tuesday, September 16, 2008 1:25 PM
                 To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                 Subject: ADN, Kyle Hopkins

              Governor and Mike,

              Mike as we discussed yesterday , Kyle Hopkins ADN was trying to reach me to ask "how is state government
              running while the governor's on the campaign trail?"

              I talked with Kyle this morning and told him it was business as usual . Nothing has changed and I didn't expect it
              to. The Governor is like the CEO of a large company . She appropriately delegates her goals to the
              commissioners and we are accountable for getting the goals accomplished . It is normal business.

              He asked how it works with her traveling . I said there is no difference . For example Alaska is a large state and if
              communications are needed phones and email work just fine. She can be in Juneau and I can be in Barrow and
              when necessary we. communicate . The Governor also has a Chief of Staff who communicates with the Governor
              on a daily basis and then passes on any information to the appropriate commissioners . The Governor is engaged
              and in charge.

              He asked if I had communicated with the Governor. I told him yes , she had inquired how the gasline work was
              going and is there anything she needed to do to help.

              He asked what I said. I told Kyle that I thanked the Governor for asking , that all is well, that we were all busy, that
              we continue to be asked questions about AGIA . I reminded Kyle that because of the Governor' s open,
              transparent process it is easy to answer AGIA questions since all of the AGIA findings were posted on the web
              site for the public to see.

              I also informed the Governor that the initial results from the Kenai River regulations she approved were
              successful. The hydrocarbon levels had been reduced from a high of 23 ppm in the past to under the standard of
              10 ppm.

              He asked if I had communicated by phone or email. I told him it was by email.

              He asked what I was doing right then . I told him I was attending the Governor 's sub-cabinet meeting on climate
              change.

              He thanked me and we were done. Probably a 3 to 4 minute call.
              Tom




             8/31/2009



                                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0024027
