Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                Page 1 of 2



              Unknown

               From:       Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                           GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=GOVSP]
               Sent:       Tuesday, September 16, 2008 2:17 PM
               To:         Galvin; Patrick S (DOR)
               Subject: Re: Checkin in

             Thanks for sending that PFD letter- its very impressive how quickly they accomplished the "early checks"
             mission. Great job DOR Boss!


             From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)
             To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
             Sent: Tue Sep 16 13:50:03 2008
             Subject: Re: Checkin in

            Thank you for the kind words for PFD. BTW, I've sent PFD employees a thank you for their extra
            efforts this year, and passed along your recognition of their good work, as well.
            As an aside, I met with Bowles last week. Nothing new... We're working through ACES reg issues, and
            making good progress. We're finding that many of the oil company complaints about ACES are based
            on a myth that we're going to interpret the statute in a way to screw them. We're slowly earning their
            trust.

            You keep making us proud to be Alaskans.

            -Pat

            Sent from my PDA, please excuse any typos or misspelling.


            On Sep 16, 2008, at 5:49 AM, "Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@.alaskagov> wrote:

                     Holy cow. Thank you guys for continuing to get the truth out! And Meg can help. Keep up the great work...
                     hopefully folks are happy with DoR's good work with the early dividends - thank you!

                     ----- Original Message ----
                     From: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR)
                     To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, MartyK (DNR); Balash, Joseph R
                     (GOV)
                     Sent: Mon Sep 15 20 :5538 2008
                     Subject: RE: Checkin in

                     Governor,

                     It's great to hear from you! There are very few anti's griping within Alaska, but the national media is getting
                     their first taste of AGIA and they WANT it to be wrong somehow . First, the New York Times wrote that the
                     gasline is no sure thing, quoting Bert and Lyda as recent converts against it ("We're shocked that TC demands
                     $500 million from the state !"), acting as if you had said the gas was practically flowing right now . Recently,
                     we hear that a Newsweek reporter wants to "blow the lid ": off the real story that everybody knows well never
                     get through Canada, and AGIA was all a ruse to get you to the White House.



            8/25/2009


                                                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0024052
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                                Page 2 of 2


                   Well continue to spread the truth, and explain the ongoing battle with the Producers.

                   We know you're letting people around the country know about what Alaska has to offer. Thank you.

                   -Pat

                   ---Original Message----
                   From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                   Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 4:41 PM
                   To: Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Marty K (DNR); Galvin, Patrick S (DORr Balash, Joseph R. (GOV)
                   Subject: Checkin in

                   Hello gasline team- checking in- hoping all is well with all of you. I hear some of the antii's are griping about
                   TC-Alaska again, let me know if I need to answer any of their gripes. You're doing great and people around
                   the country are very excited about AK resource development.

                   I hear that Exxon is attending the Monegan hearing(s)? That's odd.
                    Again, hoping all is well and let me know what you need . Thank you folks!




                                                                                                                                   PRA_GSP01_0024053
