Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                   Rosemary Frankian [rosebud@frankian.net]
          Sent:                    Wednesday, September 17, 2008 3:41 PM
          To:                      gov.palin©yahoo.com
          Cc:                      Frye; Ivy J (GOV)
          Subject:                 a sincere message for Sarah


          Dear Sarah:



          I truly hope this reaches you. Ever since I first heard the media as

          well as the Democratic critics attack your "lack of experience" I

          have wanted to send this message.



          The first time I was privileged to vote was in the 1952 election. I

          had just turned 21 in the spring, was a recent graduate of Indiana

          University, and was. anxious to exercise this wonderful freedom to

          pick my candidate. (Having been raised in a conservative Republican

          family might have swayed me a little bit.) I heard Gen. Eisenhower

          answer a question on T-V about his notion that he had the ability to

          serve as President since he had no previous experience other than the

          military.



          His response was brilliant and I gained a sudden feeling of

          confidence in this military man. He said, "I may not know all there

          is to know about Economics. I may not know all there is to know

          about fiscal responsibility. I may not know all there is to know

          about foreign affairs, BUT as your President I will have the power to

          hire as advisors the people that do know."



          Please use his quotation.



          Sincerely,



          Rosemary Frankian, a California Republican




                                                                1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           P. S. If this Email goes through, I'm going to send you another

           about Teddy Roosevelt whose credentials you have in common!




                                                        2




                                                                                                    PRA_GSP01_0024077
