Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                             Page 1 of 2



                Unknown

                From:     McBride, Rhonda (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RMFAUBION]
                Sent:     Wednesday , September 17, 2008 9:47 PM
                To:       sp@hslak.com
                Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Nizich; Michael A (GOV)
                Subject: A Difficult Decision

              Dear Sarah,

              I've come to a difficult decision : to return to journalism . It's not at all logical - but rather, a
              decision that comes from the gut. Being a reporter is too deeply drilled into my DNA.

              I can't thank you enough for the opportunity, as well as the trust and faith you have placed in
              me. I have also enjoyed knowing and working with Todd. His passion, like mine, is for Rural
              Alaska . So I hope both of you will understand why I feel I can do more for Rural Alaska as a
              reporter.

              It has been a privilege to serve in your administration . Thank you for the opportunity to travel
              and explore the issues - to come to know the fine people who are called to public service.
               They are so unappreciated.

              This may seem like an awkward time to make a change. But upon reflection, I hope you'll see
              this as an opportunity to give the Alaska Native community something it dearly wants: an
              Alaska Native liaison.

              Your leadership inspired me to try this job. But deep inside , I haven't been able to overcome
              the feeling that you would be better served by an Alaska Native. If you wish, I can recommend
              some talented candidates.
             Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0024095
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


              Privileged or Personal Material Redacted
                                                                                                                                  is




              There is so much more I'd like to say to you , but you are on a journey where every moment is
              precious. And I have taken up far too much of your time.

              Please know this: I will do everything in my power to turn this transition into a win-win.

              I talked with Mike Nizich today about the departure date . I would like to stay on through the
              end of AFN. So this will give you some time to weigh your next step.
              (AFN is Oct. 23rd-25th).

              Whatever your destiny may be , whether it is to serve our great state or nation , or both, I will
              always wish you well and feel grateful for the chance you gave me to learn and grow.

              May we each continue to grow -- and serve in the way that God would want us to. His plan is
              hard to see, but I feel a strong pull to go back to my roots.

              With affection and respect...

              Rhonda



              Rhonda McBride
              Rural Affairs Advisor
              Office of the Governor
              Atwood Building, Suite 1700
              550 West 7th Avenue
              Anchorage, Alaska 99501
              Tel: (907) 269-7451
              E-Mail: Rhonda. McBride©alaska.gov




              8/3.1/2009


                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0024096
