Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

                From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor@alaska.gov]
                Sent:    Wednesday, September 17, 2008 8:36 AM
               To:       Mason; Janice L (GOV)
                Subject: FW: Congrats!




             From: Holly Webb [mailto:hwebb@gwestoffice.net]
             Sent: Monday, September 15, 2008 8:02 AM
             To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
             Subject: Congrats!

              Hello Sarah,

             I'm not sure if you will remember me right off the top of your head, but we lived in Wasilla when you
             were Mayor and our children , Track and Marshall, Bristol and Mindy, went to school (Iditarod Elem)
             together and played sports together also, until Track and Bristol went to Teeland . We moved back to
             Utah in 2003 after my husband's job in the interior ended, and we wanted to get back to family here
             before they were no longer, my husband lost his father In June 2007 so it was a difficult , but wise
             decision.

             Belated congratulations on your nomination for the Vice Presidency! Pretty exciting, I'm sure, and
             maybe a little daunting all at the same time (of course that's mostly where the media is concerned!). I
             know you will do an awesome job if you stick to your core beliefs and don't let the social and political
             pressures drag you down. You've done well by Alaska so far it seems.

             I heard from Austin Bulawa months ago that Track had gone into the service . Good for him ! Marshall
             is also in the army, he is serving in Iraq right now, left in June 2008 for 15 months. I don't know about
             you, but it sure is scary sometimes, but I'm so proud of Marshall anyway that he chose to serve God
             and his country because he believes in them . I'm sure you miss Track like I miss Marshall. I look
             forward to his leaves. He is now married, too, to a local Alaska girl he met in middle school while we
             were there. She has decided to come to school down here by us (at the same college Juanita Fuller
             attended) until Marshall returns to his base in Texas , I think that helps us both deal with his temporary
             absence for service . You are the only mom I 've personally been acquainted with right now whose child
             is also serving in the military, I hope you don't mind my feeling like we could relate again on some
             small level. How is Track doing?

             And, too, my seventeen yr old daughter, Mindy, finds herself in the same predicament as Bristol. So
             again, I hope you don't mind if I feel I can identify with you in some small way. I know you and Todd
             have done the best job you two could with your children and encouraged them to make good sound
             judgments for their futures. We have, too, but it is in their hands now and we are left to support their
             decisions and continue to give them what guidance we can.

             Also, congratulations on the birth of Trig . He is a beautiful little baby, and yes a gift from God. He is
             sent as a perfect being to receive a body and to remind the rest of our hearts of our Creator and how
             He watches over us and to see how we will treat those special ones He sends down. You my friend
             have passed the test with flying colors and Trig will bring your family much joy! You are an elect and



             8/31/2009


                                                                                                                 PRA_GSP01_0024093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                           Page 2 of 2


              blessed lady, Sarah, and I am honored to have associated with you and your family.

              My husband, Mike, and 1, as well as the rest of our family are behind you all the way . Lead on...

              .folly We66
              Legal Assistant
              Reed R. Braithwaite, P.C.
              50 East 100 South, Suite 101
              St George, UT 84770
              Phone: (435) 628-2094
              Fax: (435) 656-4669




              8/31/2009


                                                                                                              PRA GSPOI_0024094
