Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2



               Unknown

               From:          Nizich, Michael A (GOV) [mike .nizich@alaska.govj
               Sent:          Tuesday, September 23, 2008 4:25 PM
               To:            Perry; Kristin Y (GOV); Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
               Subject:       FW. Ninth Circuit Chistochina decision - CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED
                              COMMUNICATION
               Attachments : FSB.pdf




             From: Colberg, Talls J (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, September 23, 2008 3:20 PM
             To: sp@hslak.com
             Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: FW: Ninth Circuit Chistochina decision -- CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED
             COMMUNICATION

             Dear Governor Palin,
                  I know you are busy. Attached is a summary and copy of a major 9th Circuit Court subsistence decision,
             which we lost I will keep Mr. Nizich apprised of any recommendations for appeal. Talis



             From: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, September 23, 2008 3:10 PM
             To: Colberg, Talis J (LAW); Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Gordon, Nancy R (LAW)
             Cc: Sewright, Michael W (LAW)
             Subject: FW: Ninth Circuit Chistochina decision -- CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED
             COMMUNICATION

             FYI. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted

             Elizabeth J. Barry
             Chief Assistant Attorney General
             Natural Resources Section
             Elizabeth.Barry@alaska.gov

             From: Sewright, Michael W (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, September 23, 2008 1:44 PM
             To: Lloyd, Denby S (DFG); Cunning, Tina (DFG)
             Cc: Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW); Daugherty, Steven A (LAW); Grace, Joanne M (LAW)
             Subject: FW: Ninth Circuit Chistochina decision -- CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGED
             COMMUNICATION

             I attach the Ninth Circuit Courts Opinion issued this mornin g in State of Alaska v. Federal Subsistence Board (the
             "Chistochina case"), Ninth Circuit Case No. 07-35723. Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



             8/26/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0024110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                          Page 2 of 2


            Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




             Michael W. Sewright
            .Assistant Attorney General
             Natural Resources Section
             1031 W. 4th Ave., Ste. 200
             Anchorage, AK 99501
             (907) 269-5108
             mike.sewright@alaska.gov



             From: Grace, Joanne M (LAW)
             Sent: Tuesday, September 23, 2008 10:16 AM
             To: Sewright, Michael W (LAW)
             Subject: decision



             Joanne




             8/26/2009


                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0024111
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                       FOR PUBLICATION
                                     UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS
                                          FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT

                                   STATE OF ALASKA,
                                                  Plaintiff-Appellant,
                                                      V.
                                   FEDERAL Suss1s          cE BOARD;
                                   MICHAEL FLEAGLE, Chairman,                     No. 07-35723
                                   Federal Subsistence Board; Dnuc                 D.C..No.
                                   KEMPTHORNE, Secretary of the                 CV 06-0107 HRH
                                   Interior; ED ScHAFER, Secretary of
                                   the Department of Agriculture,                   OPINION
                                                 Defendants Appellees,
                                   CHEESH-NA TRIBAL Couwcu,; LARRY
                                   SINYON,
                                     Defendant-Intervenors-Appellees.


                                             Appeal from the United States District Court
                                                      for the District of Alaska
                                             H. Russel Holland, District Judge, Presiding

                                                       Argued and Submitted
                                                 August 5, 2008-Anchorage, Alaska

                                                      Filed September 23, 2008

                                      Before: Dorothy W. Nelson, A. Wallace Tashima, and
                                               Raymond C. Fisher, Circuit Judges.

                                                     Opinion by Judge Tashima




                                                                  13431
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                          STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARA 13435




                                                          COUNSEL

                                   Michael W. Seawright, Assistant Attorney General, Anchor-
                                   age, Alaska, for the plaintiff-appellant.

                                   Ellen J. Durkee, U.S. Department of Justice, Environment &
                                   Natural Resources Division, Washington, D.C., for the
                                   defendants-appellees.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13436   STATE of ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD

                                   Heather Kendall, Native American Rights Fund, Anchorage,
                                   Alaska, for the defendants-intervenors-appellees.

                                   Douglas S. Burdin, Washington, D.C., for amici curiae Safari
                                   Club International, and Safari Club International Foundation.

                                   James H. Lister, Birch, Horton, Bittner & Cherot, Washing-
                                   ton, D.C., for amicus curiae Kenai Sportfish Association.


                                                             OPINION

                                   TASHIMA, Circuit Judge:

                                      Defendant-Appellee Federal Subsistence Board ("FSB" or
                                   "Board") administers the federal subsistence program at the
                                   heart of Title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Con-
                                   servation Act ("ANILCA"), 16 U.S.C. §§ 3111-26. In 2005,
                                   the FSB granted residents of Chistochina , a rural community
                                   in Southeast Alaska, a Customary and Traditional use deter-
                                   mination ("C & T determination") for moose throughout
                                   Game Management Unit ("GMU") 12. The C & T determina-
                                   tion permits Chistochina residents to harvest moose in GMU
                                   12 under federal subsistence hunting regulations, which are
                                   more permissive than state hunting regulations.

                                      Plaintiff-Appellant the State of Alaska ("Alaska") chal-
                                   lenged the C & T determination in district court, contending
                                   that the FSB granted the determination in violation of the
                                   Administrative Procedure Act ("APA"), 5 U.S.C.
                                   § 706(2)(A). The district court granted summary judgment in
                                   favor of Defendants -Appellees FSB, the Chairman of the
                                   FSB, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of the Depart-
                                   ment of Agriculture (together, "Federal Defendants"), and
                                   Defendant-Intervenors Cheesh-na Tribal Council, Chis-
                                   tochina 's governing body, and Larry Sinyon, a Chistochina
                                   subsistence hunter ("Intervenors"). After a careful review of




    i
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                           STATE of   ALASKA   v. FaDEwv. Sums mcE Boaxn 13437
                                   the record, we find no reason to set aside the FSB's C & T
                                   determination. Because we may not substitute .our own judg-
                                   ment for that of the FSB, see Arrington v. Daniels, 516 Fad
                                   1106, 1112 (9th Cir. 2008) (citing Citizens to Preserve Over-
                                   ton Parr Inc. v. Volpe, 401 U.S. 402, 416 (1971), overruled
                                   on other grounds by Califano v. Sanders, 430 U.S. 99, 105
                                   (1977)), we affirm.

                                                           1.    ANILCA

                                     Congress enacted ANILCA to further two ends. The first is:

                                       to preserve unrivaled scenic and geological values
                                       associated with natural landscapes; to provide for the
                                       maintenance of sound populations of, and habitat
                                       for, wildlife species of inestimable value to the citi-
                                       zens of Alaska and the Nation ... ; to preserve in
                                       their natural state extensive unaltered arctic tundra,
                                       boreal forest, and coastal rainforest ecosystems; to
                                       protect the resources related to subsistence needs; to
                                       protect and preserve historic and archeological sites,
                                       rivers, and lands, and to preserve wilderness
                                       resource values and related recreational opportuni-
                                       ties ... ; and to maintain opportunities for scientific
                                       research and undisturbed ecosystems.

                                  16 U.S.C. § 3101(b). The second, in order though not in prior-
                                  ity, is "to provide the opportunity for rural residents engaged
                                  in a subsistence way of life to continue to do so." Id.
                                  § 3101(c).

                                     In Title VIII of ANILCA, Congress sought to protect the
                                  subsistence way of life in the face of Alaska 's growing popu-
                                  lation and the resultant pressure on fish and wildlife popula-
                                  tions, and created a subsistence management and use
                                  program. Id. § 3111(3). The program grants a priority to sub-
                                  sistence use of resources , providing: "the taking on public
                                  lands of fish and wildlife for nonwasteful subsistence uses
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13438     STATE OF ALAst v. FEDERAL SunsisT cE BOARD
                                                           .A

                                   shall be accorded priority over the taking on such lands of fish
                                   and wildlife for other purposes." Id. § 3114. Congress autho-
                                   rized the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-
                                   culture (together, the "Secretaries ") to promulgate regulations
                                   in fu therance of ANILCA's directives.' Id. § 3124.

                                      The regulations establish a Federal Subsistence Manage-
                                   ment Program for all federal lands in Alaska. 50 C.F.R.
                                   § 100:1. The Secretaries created and charged the FSB with the
                                   "responsibility for administering the subsistence taking and
                                   uses of fish and wildlife on public lands ." Id. § 100. 10(a). In
                                   the course of its administration , the FSB . "[d]eteimine[s]
                                   which rural Alaska areas or communities have customary and
                                   traditional subsistence uses of specific fish and wildlife popu-
                                   lations." Id. § 100.10(d)(4)(iii). To assist in these C & T
                                   determinations, the FSB establishes Regional Advisory Coun-
                                   cils ("RACs"), which oversee subsistence resource regions
                                   and receive input from rural communities regarding subsis-
                                   tence uses in their regions . Id.. § 100.11(a). The RACs may
                                   evaluate C & T determination proposals, Id. § 100.11(c)(xi),
                                   and recommend to the FSB that it grant or deny a particular
                                   C & T determination, Id. § 100.11(cxviii). See also 16 U.S.C.
                                   §.3115(x).

                                     The FSB codifies C & T determinations at 50 C.F.R.
                                   § 100.24. Those communities with C & T determinations for
                                   particular fish stock or wildlife populations may take2 them
                                   within the GMU,' or portion of a GMU, for which they have

                                      'The Secretaries promulgated identical regulations, codified at 50
                                   C.F.R., pt. 100, and 36 CF.R, pt. 242. For the sake of simplicity, we cite
                                   to the regulations promulgated by the Secretary of the Interior at 50
                                   C.F.R., pt. 100 throughout.
                                      "Take or taking as used with respect to fish or wildlife, means to pur-
                                   sue, hunt, shoot, trap, net, capture, collect, kill, harm, or attempt to engage
                                   in any such conduct." 50 C.F.R. § 100.4.
                                      3The regulations divide Alaska into twenty -six GMUs. 50 C.F.R.
                                   § 100.4. The GMUs are codified in the State of Alaska hunting and trap-
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                            STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD 13439

                                   a C & T determination pursuant to the federal subsistence
                                   hunting regulations found at 50 C.F.R. §§ 100.25-28.

                                                 II.    Facts and Procedural History

                                     Chistochina is a rural community located in GMU 13C, a
                                   subunit of GMU 13, that borders GMUs 11 and 12. According
                                   to the 2000 Census, the community boasts ninety-three resi-
                                   dents in thirty-seven households. GMU 12, the primary GMU
                                   at issue in this case, covers approximately 10,000 square miles `
                                   Federal public lands, including the Tetlin National Wildlife
                                   Refuge and the Wrangell - St. Elias National Park and Pre-
                                   serve, comprise fifty-nine percent of GMU 12. State lands
                                   occupy approximately forty percent of the land. Less than one
                                   percent of the land is privately owned.

                                     In 2004, the Cheesh-na Tribal Council, Chistochina's gov-
                                   erning body, submitted a C & T determination proposal to the
                                   FSB. At the time of the proposal, there existed C & T deter-
                                   minations for moose within three areas of GMU 12:

                                       (A) south of a line from Noyes Mountain, southeast
                                       of the confluence of Tatschunda Creek to Nabesna
                                       River.

                                  ping regulations. Id.; Alaska Admin. Code tit. 5, § 92.450. Alaska imple-
                                  mented ANILCA through state law until the Supreme Court of Alaska
                                  held that providing a subsistence priority for rural Alaskans, to the exclu-
                                  sion of other Alaskans, violated the Alaska Constitution. See McDowell V.
                                  State, 785 P.2d 1, 9 (Alaska 1989). The Secretaries then assumed respon-
                                  sibility for the implementation and administration of ANILCA, and incor-
                                  porated the GMU scheme into the federal regulations. See 50 C.F.R.
                                  § 100.4.
                                    4"Game Management Unit 12 consists of the Tanana River drainage
                                  upstream from the Robertson River, including all drainages into the east
                                  bank of the Robertson River, and the White River drainage in Alaska, but
                                  excluding the Ladue River drainage(.J" Alaska Admin. Code tit. 5,
                                  § 92.450(12).
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                   13440    STATE OF ALASKA V. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD

                                        (B) east of the Nabesna River and Nabesna Glacier,
                                        south of the Winter Trail from Pickerel Lake to the
                                        Canadian Border.

                                        (C) remainder.-'

                                   50 C.F.R. § 100.24(a)(1) (2004). Chistochina was included in
                                   the C & T determination for moose within area A but not
                                   areas B and C. Id. In the 2004 proposal, the Cheesh-na Tribal
                                   Council asked the FSB to grant Chistochina a C & T determi-
                                   nation for moose within areas B and C on the ground that
                                   Chistochina residents "customarily and traditionally hunted
                                   moose throughout Unit 12." In support of this claim, the
                                   Council represented that Chistochina residents had taken
                                   moose in "[a]ll areas east of the Nabesna river and south of
                                   the River Trail. This includes, but is not limited to rivers,
                                   lakes, and creeks in the Chisana area ... and in the White
                                   River area.,,

                                      The Office of Subsistence Management ("OSM") prepared
                                   an analysis of the proposal, which it forwarded to the South-
                                   central RAC and the Eastern Interior RAC.° After reviewing
                                   the proposal and hearing testimony, both RACs recommended
                                   granting a C & T determination for moose to Chistochina
                                   members throughout GMU 12. The FSB, during a public
                                   hearing, considered the proposal along with the OSM analy-
                                   sis, the recommendations of the RACs, and a positive recom-
                                   mendation from the Interagency Staff Committee of the OSM
                                   ("Staff Committee,,). A representative from the Alaska
                                   Department of Fish and Game was the only party to express

                                     5mese three sections of GMU 12 are not formal subunits as are, for
                                  example, GMU 13 A-D. During the C & T determination process the FSB
                                  referred to the three areas as areas A-C. For the sake of simplicity, we fol-
                                  low suit.
                                    °Both RACs reviewed the proposal because Chistochina is within the
                                  purview of the Southcentral RAC, but GMU 12 is within the purview of
                                  the Eastern Interior RAC.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                             STATE of ALASKA v. FEnaaAL SuBsIsmicE Bon 13441
                                   any reservations. He asked the FSB to limit the C & T deter-
                                   mination, averring that the Chistochina residents had only
                                   shown use of moose in portions of areas B and C and not
                                   throughout areas B and C. The FSB approved the proposal as
                                   submitted, granting Chistochina residents a C & T determina-
                                   tion for moose in areas B and C of GMU 12.

                                     Alaska requested reconsideration pursuant to 50 C.F.R.
                                  § 100.20(b), contending that historical and cultural data
                                  showed that Chistochina members harvested moose only in
                                  2,500 square miles of GMU 12. Alaska proposed granting
                                  Chistochina a C & T determination for moose in the following
                                  area: "that portion [of GMU 121 that includes the drainage of
                                  the Nabesna River upstream from the mouth of Lick Creek,
                                  and the area south of and including the Pickerel Lake Winter
                                  Trail from Lick Creek to the Chisana River." The proposed
                                  area occupies area A, the eastern third of area B , and a small
                                  portion of area C bordering the Nabesna Road, Nabesna
                                  River, and Pickerel Lake.

                                     The FSB denied the request for reconsideration , and Alaska
                                  filed the instant action, contending that in granting the C & T
                                  determination, the FSB violated the APA! The Cheesh-na
                                  Tribal Council and Sinyon intervened shortly thereafter. On
                                  cross-motions for summary judgment , the district court
                                  granted summary judgment in favor of all Defendants . Alaska
                                  timely appeals.

                                            III.   Jurisdiction and Standard of Review

                                     We have jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1291. We

                                     TAlaska initially contended that the C & T determination violated
                                  ANILCA as well. The district court, however, held that Alaska lacked pru-
                                  dential standing to bring the claim because ANILCA only permits parties
                                  "aggrieved by a failure ... to provide for the priority for subsistence uses"
                                  to bring suit. 16 U.S.C. § 3117(a). Alaska does not pursue its ANILCA
                                  claim on appeal.




                                                                                                                  PRA GSP01 0024119
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                     13442     STATE of ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD

                                    review de novo the district court 's determination on summary
                                    judgment that the FSB complied with ANILCA and its imple-
                                    menting regulations. See Or. Natural Desert Assn v. Bureau
                                    of Land Mgmt., 531 F.3d 1114, 1130 (9th Cir. 2008). We
                                    must "hold unlawful and set aside " any agency action that is
                                    "arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion , or otherwise not
                                    in accordance with law." 5 U.S.C. § 706(2).

                                       "[W]e may not defer to an agency decision that `is without
                                    substantial basis in fact.' " Sierra Club v. EPA, 346 F. 3d 955,
                                    961 (9th Cir.), amended by 352 F.3d 1186 (9th Cir. 2003)
                                    (quoting Fed. Power Comm 'n v. Fla. Power & Light Co., 404
                                    U.S. 453, 463 (1972)). Thus, our "inquiry into the facts is to
                                    be searching and careful" Citizens to Preserve Overton Park,
                                    401 U.S. at 416 . Our ultimate posture, however, is deferential;
                                    we will uphold an agency's action if the agency "'articu-
                                    late[d] a rational connection between the facts found and the
                                    choice made .' " Sierra Club, 346 F.3d at 961 (quoting Ariz.
                                    Cattle Growers'Ass'n v. U.S Fish & Wildlife, 273 F.3d 1229,
                                    1236 (9th Cir. 2001)).

                                       We will find an agency action arbitrary and capricious if:

                                         "the agency has relied on factors which Congress has
                                         not intended it to consider, entirely failed to consider
                                         an important aspect of the problem, offered an expla-
                                         nation for its decision that runs counter to the evi-
                                         dence before the agency, or is so implausible that it
                                         could not be ascribed to a difference in view or the
                                         product of agency expertise."

                                    Cir. for Biological Diversity v. Nat '! Highway Traffic Safety
                                    Admin., 2008 WL 3822966, at *14 (9th Cir. Aug. 18, 2008)
                                    (quoting Motor Vehicle Mfrs. Assn v. State Farm Mut. Auto.
                                    Ins. Co., 463 U. S. 29,43 (1983)). While we may not fabricate
                                    a rational basis for an agency ' s action, we will "'uphold a
                                    decision of less than ideal clarity if the agency 's path may
                                    reasonably be discerned.' " Motor Vehicle Mfrs. Assn, 463
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                               STATE OF ALASKA v.    FEDERAL SuasI srsnca BOARD         13443
                                    U.S. at 43 (quoting Bowman Transp., Inc. v. Arkansas-Best
                                    Freight Sys., Inc., 419 U.S. 281, 286 (1974)).

                                                               N. Discussion

                                    A.   The FSB' s fact-finding with respect to Chistochina's
                                         subsistence use of moose in GMU 12 was supported
                                         by substantial evidence.

                                       [1] While Alaska argues vociferously that the FSB's fact
                                    finding was not supported by substantial evidence, the dis-
                                    agreements between the parties are ultimately legal, and not
                                    factual, in nature. Alaska concedes that the record supports a
                                    finding that Chistochina residents took moose for subsistence
                                    use in "that portion of [GMU 12] that includes the drainage
                                    of the Nabesna River upstream from the mouth of Lick Creek,
                                    and the area south of and including the Pickerel Lake Winter
                                    Trail from Lick Creek to the Chisana River." This area
                                    includes all of area A, more than a third of area B, and a small
                                    portion of area C and covers approximately 2,500 square
                                    miles of GMU 12.°

                                       121 When making the relevant C & T determination, the
                                    FSB did not find that Chistochina residents took moose
                                    throughout all 10,000 square miles of GMU 12. Rather, it
                                    found that Chistochina residents took moose in each of the
                                    three areas within GMU 12.' Finding no factual dispute

                                       81ndeed, the record contains sufficient evidence that Chistochina resi-
                                    dents have historically , and traditionally taken moose in this area. Chis-
                                    tochina residents descended from members of a native Alaskan group that
                                    hunted near Chisana in area B and Nabesna in area C. Moose harvest data
                                    support moose taking by Chistochina residents near Pickerel Lake and east
                                    of the Nabesna River in area C between 1964 and 1984.
                                      'The Cheesh-na Tribal Council and Sinyon contend that there is sub-
                                    stantial evidence to support a finding that Chistochina residents took
                                    moose throughout all 10,000 square miles of GMU 12. The record does
                                    not support such a finding, but, more importantly, the FSB did not so find.
                                    We may not uphold an agency decision based on facts on which the
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13444      STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SuBSIsTENcE BOARD

                                    between the parties, we hold that the FSB 's fact finding was
                                    supported by substantial evidence.

                                    B.     The FSB properly            considered       specific    moose,
                                           populations.

                                       Alaska further contends that the FSB's C & T determina-
                                    tion was arbitrary and capricious because the FSB failed to
                                    consider a relevant factor, namely specific moose populations
                                    within GMU 12. The Federal Defendants contend that the
                                    FSB needed only to consider Chistochina residents' subsis-
                                    tence use of the moose species because "population" is synon-
                                    ymous with "species."

                                       [3) Federal Defendants contend that their interpretation of
                                    "population" is due deference under Chevron USA. Inc. v.
                                    Natural Res. Def. Council, Inc., 467 U.S. 837, 843 (1984).10
                                    An official, legally binding interpretation is entitled to Chev-
                                    ron deference. Miranda Alvarado v. Gonzales, 449 F.3d 915,
                                    922 (9th Cir. 2006) ("[T]he precedential value of an agency
                                    action [is] the essential factor in determining whether Chev-
                                    ron deference is appropriate."). We afford Skidmore" defer-
                                    ence to official agency interpretations without the force of
                                    law. Tablada v. Thomas, 533 Fad 800, 806 (9th Cir. 2008)
                                    (citing United States v. Mead Corp., 533 U.S. 218, 228, 234
                                    (2001)) (affording Skidmore deference to a Bureau of Prisons
                                    Program Statement, which formalized the agency's official
                                    interpretation of a statute).

                                         [4) Federal Defendants have not interpreted "population" as

                                    agency did not rely. Arrington, 516 F.3d at 1113 ("Post hoc explanations
                                    of agency action by appellate counsel cannot substitute for the agency's
                                    own articulation of the basis for its decision.") (citing Fed Power
                                    Comm 'n v. Texaco, Inc., 417 U.S. 380, 397 (1974)).
                                      70lntervenors agree.
                                      'Skidmore v. Swift & Co., 323 U.S. 134, 140 (1944).
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                           STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD 13445

                                   synonymous with "species" in any legally -binding regulation
                                   or in any official agency interpretation of the regulation.
                                   Rather, this interpretation appears to be purely a litigation
                                   position, developed during the course of the present case. As
                                   such, we owe the interpretation no deference. United States v.
                                   Trident Seafoods Corp., 60 F.3d 556, 559 (9th Cir. 1995)
                                   ("No deference is owed when an agency has not formulated
                                   an official interpretation of its regulation, but is merely
                                   advancing a litigation position ."). We do not afford Chevron
                                   or Skidmore deference to litigation positions unmoored from
                                   any official agency interpretation because "` Congress has
                                   delegated to the administrative official and not to appellate
                                   counsel the responsibility for elaborating and enforcing statu-
                                   tory commands.' Bowen v. Georgetown Univ. Hosp., 488
                                   U.S. 204, 212 (1988) (quoting Inv. Co. Inst. v. Camp, 401
                                   U.S. 617, 628 (1971)).

                                      [5] When making a C & T determination, the FSB must
                                   "determine which fish stocks and wildlife populations have
                                   been customarily and traditionally used for subsistence." 50
                                   C.F.R. § 100.16(a). Additionally, the regulations provide that
                                   the C & T determination "shall identify the specific communi-
                                   ty's or area's use of specific fish stocks and wildlife popula-
                                   tions." Id.

                                      [6] "Population" and "species," as used in 50 C.F.R.
                                   § 100.16(a), are not synonymous. The regulations define "fish
                                   and wildlife," as opposed to "fish stocks and wildlife popula-
                                   tions," broadly as "any member of the animal kingdom." Id.
                                   § 100.4. The regulations also frequently refer to fish and wild-
                                   life without the limiting nouns "stock" and "population." See,
                                   e.g., Id. § 100.7(a) ("You may not use fish or wildlife or their
                                   parts, taken pursuant to the regulations in this part , unless pro-
                                   vided for in this part."). In one definition, the regulations even
                                   use the two terms in conjunction : "Conservation of healthy
                                   populations offish and wildlife means the maintenance of fish
                                   and wildlife resources ... in a condition that ... minimizes
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13446   STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD

                                   the likelihood of irreversible or long-term adverse effects
                                   upon such populations and species." Id. § 100.4.

                                      [7J The addition of the terms "stock" and "population" in
                                   50 C.F.R. § 100 . 16(a) denotes a group smaller than a species.
                                   Specifically, the regulation directs the FSB to identify a com-
                                   munity's use of "specific fish stocks and wildlife popula-
                                   tions." Id. (emphasis added). In order for the FSB to have
                                   considered the relevant factors when making the C & T deter-
                                   mination, the FSB must have considered Chistochina's subsis-
                                   tence use of specific moose populations, and not
                                   Chistochina's use of moose in general.

                                      181 Although we disagree with Federal Defendants' inter-
                                   pretation of "population," we conclude that, in this case, the
                                   FSB properly considered specific moose populations by con-
                                   sidering Chistochina's historical and traditional taking of
                                   moose for subsistence use within GMU 12, areas B and C.
                                   Under 50 C.F.R § 100.16(a), C & T determinations should
                                   "identify the specific community's or area's use of specific
                                   fish stocks and wildlife populations." The C & T determina-
                                   tions for moose in GMU 12 identified three specific moose
                                   populations, those in the three areas within GMU 12:

                                        (A) south of a line from Noyes Mountain, southeast
                                        of the confluence of Tatschunda Creek to Nabesna
                                        River.

                                        (B) east of the Nabesna River and Nabesna Glacier,
                                        south of the Winter Trail from Pickerel Lake to the
                                        Canadian Border.

                                        (C) remainder.

                                   Id. § 100.24(a)(1) (2004). Thus, for all C. & T determinations
                                   for moose within GMU 12 prior to 2004, the FSB considered
                                   the moose populations within these three specific areas.'

                                     '2The boundaries for the C & T determinations for moose within GMU
                                   12 were revised in 2007. 50 C.F.R. § 100.24(aXI) (2007). We express no
                                   opinion on the reason for or effect of the revision.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                             STATE OF AI.As1A v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOAan 13447

                                   Because the FSB considered whether Chistochina took moose
                                   for subsistence use in each of these three areas when making
                                   the instant C & T determination, the FSB properly considered
                                   specific moose populations as directed by Id.. § 100.16(a).

                                   C.    The FSB's decision to add Chistochina to the already-
                                         delineated C & T determination areas for moose
                                         within GMU 12 was not arbitrary and capricious.

                                      Alaska further contends that the FSB' s decision to grant
                                   Chistochina residents a C & T determination for moose
                                   throughout GMU 12 was arbitrary and capricious because the
                                   facts only support historical moose harvesting in 2,500 square
                                   miles of GMU 12 73 Rather than simply adding Chistochina
                                   residents to areas B and C in the already-existing C & T deter-
                                   minations for moose in GMU 12, Alaska argues that the FSB
                                   should have delineated a new area, one that corresponds more
                                   closely to the approximately 2,500 square miles in which
                                   Chistochina residents have traditionally taken moose.

                                       Federal Defendants first contend that the FSB properly
                                    extended Chistochina ' s C & T determination for moose to the
                                    whole of GMU 12 because the Board , in its discretion, may
                                    grant a C & T determination for a species in any area as long
                                    as the community requesting the determination can demon-
                                    strate subsistence use of that species anywhere. In other
                                    words, Federal Defendants contend that neither ANILCA nor
                                    its implementing regulations require the FSB to limit C & T

                                       "'Alaska mischaracterizes the C & T determination as covering the
                                    entire 10,000 square miles of GMU 12. The regulations provide that the
                                    C & T determinations only apply to federal lands. 50 C.F.R. § 100.24(a)
                                    ("[R]ural Alaska residents of the listed communities, areas, and individu-
                                    als have customary and traditional use of the specified species on Federal
                                    public land in the specified areas ."). Thus, the relevant C & T determina-
                                    tion includes only the approximately 5,900 square miles of federal lands
                                    within GMU 12.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                   13448    STATE OF ALASKA V. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD

                                   determinations to the area in which a community has demon-
                                   strated subsistence use."

                                      [9] We find no merit to this argument . The regulations
                                   clearly tie C & T determinations to the specific locations in
                                   which wildlife populations have been taken . Federal Defen-
                                   dants contend that the definitions of "subsistence use" in
                                   ANILCA and "customary and traditional use" in the regula-
                                   tions do not tie such uses to geography . ANILCA provides:

                                        [T]he term "subsistence uses" means the customary
                                        and traditional uses by rural Alaska residents of
                                        wild, renewable resources for direct personal or fam-
                                        ily consumption as food, shelter, fuel, clothing, tools,
                                        or transportation; for the making and selling of hand-
                                        icraft articles out of nonedible byproducts of fish and
                                        wildlife resources taken for personal or family con-
                                        sumption; for barter, or sharing for personal or fam-
                                        ily consumption; and for customary trade.

                                   16 U.S.C. § 3113. The regulations further define "customary
                                   and traditional use" as "a long-established , consistent pattern
                                   of use, incorporating beliefs and customs which have been
                                   transmitted from generation to generation. This use plays an
                                   important role in the economy of the community." 50 C.F.R.
                                   § 100.4.

                                      [10] While these definitions do not directly tie subsistence
                                   or C & T use to a particular location, each C & T determina-
                                   tion must be tied to a specific community or area and a spe-
                                   cific wildlife population. The regulations provide : "[C & T]
                                   determinations shall identify the specific community's or
                                   area's use of specific fish stocks and wildlife populations." Id.

                                      '*Federal Defendants first adopted this argument in the course of the
                                   instant action; it is not supported by any official agency interpretation.
                                   Accordingly, we decline to defer to this interpretation of ANILCA and its
                                   implementing regulations. See Part IV.B, supra.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                            STATE of Ai.nsxn v. FEOERni, SuBsimENcE Bonin    13449
                                    § 100.16(a). Specific communities and areas and specific fish
                                    stocks and wildlife populations are, by definition, limited to
                                    specific geographic areas. The regulation that lists the C & T
                                    determinations further provides : "The [FSB} has determined
                                    that rural Alaska residents of the listed communities, areas,
                                    and individuals have customary and traditional use of the
                                    specified species on Federal public land in the specified
                                    areas." Id. § 10024(a) (emphasis added). A C & T determina-
                                    tion is not a determination that a community or area has used
                                    a species for subsistence purposes. Rather, a C & T determi-
                                    nation is a determination that a community or area has taken
                                    a species for subsistence use within a specfc area.

                                       [11] Additionally, the eight-factor analysis that the FSB is
                                    directed to apply when considering a community 's use of a
                                    specific wildlife population requires the FSB to consider the
                                    geographic reach of the community and the community's use
                                    activities. The eight factors are:

                                        (1) A long-term consistent pattern of use , excluding
                                        interruptions. beyond the control of the community or
                                        area;

                                        (2) A pattern of use recurring in specific seasons for
                                        many years;

                                       .(3) A pattern of use consisting of methods and
                                        means of harvest which are characterized by effi-
                                        ciency and economy of effort and cost, conditioned
                                        by local characteristics;

                                        (4) The consistent harvest and use of fish or wildlife
                                        as related to past methods and means of taking; near,
                                        or reasonably accessible from, the community or
                                        area;

                                        (5) A means of handling, preparing, preserving, and
                                        storing fish or wildlife which has been traditionally
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13450    STATE OF ALASKA v. FED ItAL Sussism cE BOARD
                                        used by past generations, including consideration of
                                        alteration of past practices due to recent technologi-
                                        cal advances, where appropriate;

                                        (6) A pattern of use which includes the handing
                                        down of knowledge of fishing and hunting skills,
                                        values, and lore from generation to generation;

                                         (7) A pattern of use in which the harvest is shared or
                                         distributed within a definable community of persons;
                                         and

                                         (8) A pattern of use which relates to reliance upon a
                                         wide diversity of fish and wildlife resources of the
                                         area and which provides substantial cultural, eco-
                                         nomic, social, and nutritional elements to the com-
                                         munity or area.

                                    Id. § 100.16(b). Factors (1)-(3) and (6)-(8) refer to a "pattern
                                    of use." This use is not the use of a species in general . Rather,
                                    the "use" is the "community's or area' s use of specific fish
                                    stocks and wildlife populations," as specified in subsection
                                    (a). Id. § 100.16(a)." Thus, six of the eight factors direct the
                                    FSB to consider use relative to a specific wildlife population
                                    or fish stock, and, by extension, relative to the geographic
                                    reach of that population or stock . Geographic limitations to
                                    the C & T determination are also explicit in factor (4), which
                                    directs the FSB to consider "[t]he consistent harvest and use
                                    of fish or wildlife . . . near, or reasonably accessible from, the
                                    community or area. " Id. § 100.16(b)(4).

                                      1121 Federal Defendants further contend that requiring a
                                    geographic basis for a C & T determination works at cross
                                    purposes with ANILCA because ANILCA was enacted to

                                       "We note also, however, that a community' s or area's use of a species
                                    in general may be relevant to that community's or area's use of a specific
                                    population of that species.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                           STATE OF ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD 13451

                                   protect the subsistence lifestyle enjoyed by rural Alaskans,
                                   not to limit subsistence use to the traditional reach of those
                                   rural communities . We do not find this argument convincing.
                                   As we noted previously, ANILCA serves a dual purpose: pro-
                                   tecting and preserving the subsistence lifestyle and protecting
                                   and preserving wildlife. 16 U.S.C. § 3101 (b)-(c). Granting C
                                   & T determinations that are limited to the areas in which com-
                                   munities have traditionally harvested a resource serves both
                                   purposes. The geographic limitation protects the subsistence
                                   activities traditionally practiced by rural Alaskans and pro-
                                   tects species by ensuring that only those communities that
                                   have traditionally taken from a population are given a priority
                                   to do so in the future.

                                      1131 In fact, the alternative proposed by Federal Defendants
                                   would give the FSB the discretion to grant a rural community
                                   a state-wide C & T determination for a species as long as that
                                   community could demonstrate a subsistence use of that spe-
                                   cies. There is no support in ANILCA or its implementing reg-
                                   ulations for such unfettered discretion . Moreover, the
                                   resulting pressures on fish and wildlife could threaten the con-
                                   tinued viability of specific fish stock and wildlife populations
                                   and the communities that depend on those populations for
                                   subsistence use. Thus, we conclude that the FSB 's decision to
                                   grant Chistochina a C & T determination for moose in areas
                                   B and C of GMU 12 cannot be supported simply by a finding
                                   that Chistochina residents used moose for subsistence pur-
                                   poses.

                                     Prior to this litigation , the FSB surely agreed. The FSB's
                                   analysis of Chistochina's proposal focused entirely on
                                   whether Chistochina residents took moose within areas B and
                                   C of GMU 12. The proposal template used by Chistochina,
                                   and created by the FSB, directs an applicant for a C & T
                                   determination to describe where the resource in question has
                                   been harvested. The staff analysis recommended granting the
                                   C & T determination because the facts demonstrated "that res-
                                   idents of Chistochina have used moose in [areas B and C]
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                    13452      STATE OF ALAsiA v. FEDEmi . SuasisTENcE BOARD

                                    since the late 19th century." Indeed, if the FSB simply needed
                                    to find that the Chistochina community had a C & T use of
                                    moose anywhere in order to extend Chistochina's C & T
                                    determination to all of GMU 12, no deliberative process
                                    would have been necessary. Chistochina already had a C & T
                                    determination for moose in GMU 12 area A and GMUs 11
                                    and 13 . The record shows that the entire purpose of the C &
                                    T determination process was to determine whether Chis-
                                    tochina residents demonstrated C & T use of moose within
                                    areas B and C of GMU 12. If the FSB had not so found, we
                                    doubt that it would have granted Chistochina residents a C &
                                    T determination for moose in those areas.

                                       1141 Federal Defendants further contend that the FSB's
                                    line-drawing decision was not arbitrary and capricious
                                    because it was rationally based on administrative conve-
                                    nience. Although a representative from the Alaska Depart-
                                    ment of Fish and Game proposed a narrower C & T
                                    determination, the FSB declined to create a new C & T deter-
                                    mination area within GMU 12 for Chistochina because a new
                                    area would provide "no additional benefit to management."
                                    The Staff Committee recommendation explained the use of
                                    both whole units and subdivisions by explaining that differ-
                                    ences in classification "reflect differences in the intensity of
                                    management required for either biological conservation or
                                    allocation purposes." Further , in response to Alaska 's request
                                    for reconsideration, the FSB pointed out that Alaska had pre-
                                    viously "discouraged the Board from subdividing units so as
                                    to avoid creating a patchwork of customary and traditional
                                    use determinations," and argued that using established units
                                    would be clearer to the public than providing individual maps
                                    for individual C & T determinations.

                                      1151 While the FSB did not explicitly state what it consid-
                                    ered the benefit to management , we can reasonably discern
                                    the benefit from the record . If the FSB had to restrict every
                                    C & T determination to the precise area in which a rural com-
                                    munity had demonstrated C & T use of a wildlife population,
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                             STATE OF ALAsKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD               13453

                                   the C & T determinations would quickly become unmanage-
                                   able. For example, if the three C & T determination areas for
                                   moose within GMU 12 were replaced by a separate C & T
                                   determination area for each rural community within GMU 12,
                                   GMU 13, GMU II north of the sixty-second parallel, Dot
                                   Lake, Healy Lake, and Chickaloon16 there could easily be a
                                   dozen or more unique C & T determinations for GMU 12
                                   alone. Multiply the effect of those C & T determinations by
                                   the number of GMUs in Alaska - twenty-six - and it is
                                   readily apparent that such a system would soon be very diffi-
                                   cult, if not impossible, to manage. Thus, we conclude that the
                                   FSB's determination that there exists a benefit to management
                                   to limiting the number of C & T determination areas within
                                   GMU 12 provided an additional rational basis for the FSB's
                                   decision.17

                                   D. The C & T determination does not violate ANILCA's
                                      limitations and savings clause.

                                      ANILCA contains a limitations and savings clause that pro-
                                    vides, in relevant part:

                                         Nothing in this subchapter shall be construed as -



                                       "These are the communities that currently enjoy a C & T determination
                                    for moose within some portion of GMU 12. 50 C.F.R. § 100.24(a)(1)
                                    (2007).
                                       "'Alaska further contends that administrative convenience cannot pro-
                                    vide a basis for the broader C & T determination because the determina-
                                    tion infringes on state sovereignty. Alaska avers that it had to further
                                    restrict moose hunting on state lands in GMU 12 due to the added pressure
                                    on the resource from Chistochina subsistence hunters. Alaska's argument
                                    fails because the federal C & T determinations only affect wildlife
                                    resources on federal lands, not state lands . While moose do not adhere to
                                    federal and state boundaries, federal regulation of wildlife on federal land
                                    does not encroach on Alaska's sovereignty.
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                   13454     STATE of AIAsKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE Bonin
                                        (3) authorizing a restriction on the taking of fish and
                                        wildlife for nonsubsistence uses on the public lands
                                        (other than national parks and park monuments)
                                        unless necessary for the conservation of healthy pop-
                                        ulations of fish and wildlife . . . , to continue subsis-
                                        tence uses of such populations, or pursuant to other
                                        applicable law[.]

                                   16 U.S.C. § 3125. Alaska contends that the instant C & T
                                   determination places restrictions on nonsubsistence taking
                                   because granting Chistochina residents a federal subsistence
                                   priority to take moose throughout GMU 12 increases moose
                                   taking and thus necessitates greater conservation efforts by
                                   the state.

                                      [161 State hunting regulations for GMU 12 promulgated
                                   after the C & T determination for Chistochina in areas A and
                                   B contained more restrictions than the regulations in place
                                   prior to the C & T determination." This fact, however, does
                                   not demonstrate that the C & T determination authorizes a
                                   restriction on the nonsubsistence use of moose in GMU 12. A
                                   C & T determination does not limit nonsubsistence use; it
                                   simply allows for subsistence use. ANILCA's limitation pro-
                                   vision does not prevent the FSB from regulating subsistence
                                   use simply because a collateral effect of the regulation might
                                   cause a separate regulatory body to place restrictions on non-
                                   subsistence use. It only prohibits the agency itself from limit-
                                   ing nonsubsistence use.

                                      "For example, state regulations for the 2005-2006 hunting season
                                   restricted the moose take from August 24-28 to "one bull with spike-fork
                                   antlers or 50-inch antlers or antlers with 4 or more brow tines on one side"
                                   in -[t]hat portion drained by the Little Tok River upstream from and
                                   including the first eastern tributary from the headwaters of Tuck Creek."
                                   Alaska Admin. Code tit. 5, § 85.045 (2005). Regulations for the 2006-
                                   2007 hunting season tripled the area subject to this restriction . Alaska
                                   Admin. Code tit. 5, § 85.045 (2006) (applying the restriction on the same
                                   dates to "[t]hat portion in the Tok River drainage upstream from the Tok
                                   cutoff bridge').
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                             STATE of ALASKA v. FEDERAL SUBSISTENCE BOARD 13455

                                                             V.    Conclusion

                                      [17] While we do not agree with several of the arguments
                                   advanced by Federal Defendants, we ultimately conclude that
                                   the FSB's decision to grant Chistochina residents a C & T
                                   determination for moose in GMU areas B and C was not "ar-
                                   bitrary and capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not
                                   in accordance with law" under the APA. 5 U.S.C.
                                   § 706(2)(A). Deferring to the agency's decision, we affirm the
                                   district court's order granting summary judgment to all Defen-
                                   dants.l9

                                      The judgment of the district court is AFFIRMED.




                                     "intervenors, request for attorney's fees under ANILCA, 16 U.S.C.
                                   § 3117(a), is denied because Alaska 's claim arises under the APA and not
                                   ANILCA. See footnote 7, supra, and accompanying text.




                                                                                                                 PRA GSP01_0024133
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                             Page I of I



                  Byers, Gail Y (LAW)

                  From:     Colberg, Talis J (LAW) j/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                            GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=TJCOLBERGI
                  Sent:     Thursday, September 25, 2008 9:55 AM
                  To:        govpalin@alaska.gov'
                  Subject: FW: NOAA press release attached for Cook Inlet Beluga Count




                From: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                Sent: Thursday, September 25, 2008 9:50 AM
                To: Colberg, Tails 3 (LAW)
                Subject: Re: NOAA press release attached for Cook Inlet Beluga Count


                Gov's account is govpalin@alaska.gov


                From: Colberg, Tails J (LAW)
                To: gov.palin@yahoo.com
                Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV)
                Sent: Thu Sep 25 09:39:12 2008
                Subject: FW: NOAA press release attached for Cook Irdet Beluga Count
                FYI. The beluga count is the same as last year. Talis


                From: Meyen, Bradley E (LAW)
                Sent: Thursday, September 25, 2008 9:31 AM
                To: Colberg, Tails J (LAW); Gordon, Nancy R (LAW); Tillery, Craig 3 (LAW); Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW)
                Cc: Daugherty, Steven A (LAW)
                Subject: RE: NOAA press release attached for Cook Inlet Beluga Count

                Sorry, forgot the attachment.

                Brad Meyen
                Assistant Attorney General
                Natural Resources Section
                (907) 269-5232

                From: Meyen, Bradley E (LAW)
                Sent: Thursday, September 25, 2008 9:30 AM
                To: Colberg, Tails I (LAW); Gordon, Nancy R (LAW); Tillery, Craig J (LAW); Barry, Elizabeth J (LAW)
                Cc: Daugherty, Steven A (LAW)
                Subject: NOAH press release attached for Cook Inlet Beluga Count

                FYI-copy of the Beluga count press release is attached . The litigation filed by various groups in U.S. District Court
                over NOAA's 6 month extension to make the decision on listing is effectively on hold now pending release of that
                listing decision on or before October 20, 2008.

                Brad Meyen
                Assistant Attorney General
                Natural Resources Section
                (907) 269-5232




                6/9/2009


                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0024134
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                     i IATl 1+ AL OCEANIC AND
                                       M
                                                     ATMOSPHERIC DMINIS ATION
                                               U.NI . Tan STAT. E3 L)EPARTKENT O ; F CDYNHRtCE


                  Contact:      Sheela McLean                                 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                907-586-7032                                  Sept. 25, 2008

                                 NOAA : Cook Inlet Beluga Population . Holds Steady from 2007

                        The Cook Inlet beluga whale population has held steady from last year's count of 375
                  animals, based on NOAA's Fisheries Service latest annual survey.

                         NOAA's Fisheries Service scientists conducted aerial surveys in early June during fish
                  migrations, when belugas concentrate near river mouths , including the Susitna and Little
                  Susitna rivers , Knik Arm , and Chickaloon Bay.

                          NOAA's Fisheries Service scientists flew over upper Cook Inlet on seven days between
                  June 3 and 12, manually counting the belugas while taking photographs and video of the
                  whales.

                          Scientists later carefully examined the images to provide a more complete estimate of
                  the total number of beluga whales in the inlet.

                        When scientists reanalyzed the 2008 survey observations , the population estimate
                  remained the same as last year-375.

                         In 2007, NOAA's Fisheries Service accepted a petition to list the Cook Inlet beluga
                  population as endangered under the Endangered Species Act. A final determination following
                  completion of the population status review is due in October.

                          NOAA's Fisheries Service declared the Cook Inlet beluga population depleted in 2000
                  under the Marine Mammal Protection Act. The population , however, has not recovered as
                  hoped. Alaska native groups have been allowed to hunt the whales under co-management
                  agreements with NOAA's Fisheries Service, with restrictions on how many whales could be
                  taken in a given year. Between 1999 and 2007, hunters took five beluga whales for subsistence
                  in Cook Inlet, down from 308 between 1995 and 1998 . There was no subsistence hunt for
                  beluga whales in 2008.

                         Cook Inlet belugas are one of five beluga populations recognized within U.S. waters.
                  The others are Bristol Bay, eastern Bering Sea, eastern Chukchi Sea and Beaufort Sea.

                         The Cook Inlet beluga population estimates since 1994 are:
                         1994: 653
                         1995 491
                         1996: 594
                         1997: 440
                         1998: 347
                         1999: 367
                         2000: 435
                         2001: 386
                         2002: 313
                         2003:357
                         2004:366
                         2005.278




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 _0024135
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                         2006: 302
                         200T 375
                         2008:375

                  NOAA understands and predicts changes in the Earth's environment , from the depths of the
                  ocean to the surface of the sun , and conserves and manages our coastal and marine resources.
                  Visit http://www.noaa.gov.

                  On the Web:
                  NOAA Fisheries in Alaska : http://www.alaskafisheries.noaa.gov

                                                              -30-




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0024136
