Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 2



               Unknown
                From :    Morgan, Katryn L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                          GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/C N= KLMORGAN]
                Sent:     Friday, September 19, 2008 2:19 PM
                To:       Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
                Subject: RE: from Dr. Laurie Roth www.therothshow.com


               Thanks, Donna©


               From: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
               Sent: Friday, September 19, 2008 1:45 PM
               To: Morgan, Katryn L (GOV)
               Subject FW: from Dr. Laurie Roth www.therothshow.com

               Hi Kate,
               This is Donna Collins, I am the person that reads the Governor' s email. I am forwarding this email
               request to you, I am not sure if this is campaign related.
               Donna Collins


               From: Drljroth@aol.com [mailto:Drijroth@aol.com]
               Sent: Friday, September 19, 2008 12:47 PM
              To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)
              Subject: from Dr. Laurie Roth www.therothshow.com

              Attn: Governor Sarah Palin.
              From: Dr. Laurie Roth
              national radio talk show host with IRN -USA Radio
              www.therothshow.com


              Greetings Governor,

              I host a fast growing, national radio talk show syndicated with IRN-USA Radio Network which airs each night
              from 7-10 pm pacific time. I live in Spokane Washington. I can only imagine the many requests for interviews
              you must get and the extreme importance for close to the chest media priorities.

              I would love to invite you on my show to interview you . I could record it, how ever long you wanted for airing on
              my evening show . I am quite a fan and am a Mom in her 40s who loves sports , guns and my husband also. I
              am building back my show the last 3 years from a near fatal motorcycle accident when a Deer jumped on me.
              That took me off air for 10 months . It made national news and was a miracle I didn 't die at the scene. tam
              thankful to God to be alive and building my life back. In fact , a national magazine, Newsmax, has a full page
              feature on my comeback for their November issue. You and Senator McCain haven 't quit when hard and
              painful things hit you up side the head , neither have I.

              Thank you SO very much for your courage, wonderful service to Alaska and hopefully our country . If you would
              like to do an interview that of course you could approve before released please contact me directly at my
              home: 509-292-7735. You can find out more about me on my show web site : www.therothshow.com.

              Finally, I write every week for www.canadafreepress.com and www .news        _withviews.com. I will forward you a
              few of my recent articles, including the link for the one posted just today.




             8/25/2009


                                                                                                                         PRA GSP01 0024106
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                  Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                     Page 2 of 2



               http::/newswithviews com/Roth/lauriel32 htm
               http://canadafreepress .com/index.php/articie14824


               My prayers and support belong to you and Senator McCain.

               Warmly, Laurie Roth
               host, owner www.therothshow.com



               Looking for simple solutions to your real-life financial challenges? Check out WalletPop for the latest news and
               information, tips and calculators.




              8/25/2009


                                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0024107
