Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) (govpalin@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Sunday, September 30, 2007 1:19 PM
          To:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
          Subject:                  Fw: Kenai


          Sounds like several attorneys were involved, which is appropriate given the atmosphere
          we're in... Dept of Law should have informed you/me that they were investigating this.
          Surprised no one but Cora sounds like they were aware. Again, it explains further why
          Stevens is ticked (he thinks we went to the media with it - and that's not true) and had I
          known I could have had a better response last week to the "stevens relationship" issues.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Cc: Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Sent: Sun Sep 30 11:27:45 2007

          Subject: Re: Kenai



          Governor,

          We did in fact receive a letter requesting an investigation into the use of these funds,
          which we promptly began . Several attorneys from Department of Law were involved in the
          review.  My understanding is that the review revealed no misconduct on the part of anyone
          at ADF&G, although I have not yet seen the final investigation report as it is still being
          reviewed by law. I am in the process of drafting a response to the September 14th letter.
          I will send the investigation report and the response as soon as they are finished, and I
          will PDF you a copy of the letter we received in a few minutes. I apologize for not
          bringing this matter to your personal attention sooner.  Please let me know if I can
          provide any more information on this.

          Cora



          ----- Original message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

          Sent: Sun Sep 30 07:09:11 2007

         Subject: Fw: Kenai




          ----- Original message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
                                                                 1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0005929
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          To: Tibbles , Michael A       ( GOV); Nizich , Michael A (GOV); Lloyd , Denby S (DFG)

          Cc: Leighow ,   Sharon W ( GOV); Leschper ,   Beth       (GOV); Kelly,   Russell T   (GOV); Ruaro,    Randall
          P (GOV)

          Sent : Sun Sep 30 06:54:10 2007

          Subject: Kenai



          Im reading today's article , ADN, about Penney ' s earmark from Stevens - it says the
          governor received a letter Sept 14 questioning the funds . Was that me , or was some letter
          sent Sept 14 during prior administration?




          Because i have not seen, nor heard about , any letter . In fact , except in passing when I
          heard Larry and Mike mention the ADN was on to another Stevens / Penney issue, I have never
          been informed nor privy to any info on this issue.



          I feel I need to be informed of these issues that deal with the state and end up on the
          front page of the newspaper . Please , if that letter was sent to me, allow me to see it. I
          would think I'd be asked about this issue , and we're lucky I wasn't already asked when a
          couple of reporters stopped me last week for Stevens ' issues / comments.




                                                               2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0005930
