Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                      Crome , Cora J (GOV) [cora . crome @alaska.gov]
          Sent:                       Sunday, September 30, 2007 11:28 AM
          To:                         Palin ; Sarah ( GOV sponsored)
          Cc:                         Nizich ; Michael A (GOV); Tibbles ; Michael A (GOV); Lloyd; Denby S (DFG)
          Subject:                    Re: Kenai


          Governor,

          We did in fact receive a letter requesting an investigation into the use of these funds,
          which we promptly began .  Several attorneys from Department of Law were involved in the
          review .  My understanding is that the review revealed no misconduct on the part of anyone
          at ADF&G , although I have not yet seen the final investigation report as it is still being
          reviewed by law .  I am in the process of drafting a response to the September 14th letter.
          I will send the investigation report and the response as soon as they are finished, and I
          will PDF you a copy of the letter we received in a few minutes .  I apologize for not
          bringing this matter to your personal attention sooner .  Please let me know if I can
          provide any more information on this.

          Cora



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin ,      Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

          To: Crome ,    Cora J (GOV)

          Sent : Sun Sep 30 07:09 : 11 2007

          Subject : Fw: Kenai




          ----- Original Message -----

          From :   Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

          To: Tibbles ,      Michael A ( GOV); Nizich , Michael A (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Cc: Leighow ,      Sharon W   ( GOV); Leschper , Beth (GOV); Kelly,          Russell T (GOV); Ruaro , Randall
          P (GOV)

          Sent : Sun Sep 30 06:54 : 10 2007

          Subject: Kenai



          Im reading today ' s article , ADN, about Penney's earmark from Stevens - it says the
          governor received a letter Sept 14 questioning the funds. Was that me , or was some letter
          sent Sept 14 during prior administration?



          Because i have not seen , nor heard about , any letter . In fact, except in passing when I
          heard Larry and Mike mention the ADN was on to another Stevens / Penney issue , I have never
          been informed nor privy to any info on this issue.
                                                                     1




                                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0005966
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          I feel I need to be informed of these issues that deal with the state and end up on the
          front page of the newspaper . Please, if that letter was sent to me, allow me to see it. I
          would think I'd be asked about this issue, and we're lucky I wasn't already asked when a
          couple of reporters stopped me last week for Stevens' issues/comments.




                                                         2




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0005967
