Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Tibbles, Michael A (GOV) [mike.tibbles@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Sunday, September 30, 2007 11:16 AM
           To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
           Subject:                  RE: Kenai

        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




           -----Original Message-----

           From: "Palin,    Sarah (GOV sponsored)" <govpalin@alaska.gov>

           To: "Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)" <mike.tibbles@alaska.gov>

           Sent: 9/30/2007 7:01 AM

                                                                   1
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Subject: Re: Kenai

       Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

          Cc: Leighow ,    Sharon W   ( GOV); Leschper ,   Beth (GOV); Kelly,    Russell T     ( GOV); Ruaro ,   Randall
          P (GOV)

          Sent:   Sun Sep 30 06:54 :10 2007

          Subject: Kenai



          Im reading today ' s article , ADN, about Penney's earmark from Stevens - it says the
          governor received a letter Sept 14 questioning the funds . Was that me , or was some letter
          sent Sept 14 during prior administration?



          Because i have not seen , nor heard about , any letter . In fact , except in passing when I
          heard Larry and Mike mention the ADN was on to another Stevens/Penney issue , I have never
          been informed nor privy to any info on this issue.



          I feel I need to be informed of these issues that deal with the state and end up on the
          front page of the newspaper. Please , if that letter was sent to me, allow me to see it. I
          would think I'd be asked about this issue , and we 're lucky I wasn 't already asked when a
          couple of reporters stopped me last week for Stevens ' issues / comments.




                                                                2




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01 _0005969
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


              Ear                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


              Unknown

               From :    Fagerstrom , Erika (GOV) [erika. fagerstrom @alaska.gov]
               Sent:     Sunday, September 30, 2007 6:48 PM
               To:       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
               Cc:       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); fek9wnr@yahoo.com; Leschper; Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
               Subject : RE: Ear
              Oh brother... I'm so sorry!

              For the plumbing project the dishwashing and pantry areas will have demolition work to walls and ceilings in order
              to access the old pipes, etc... The House china and stemware needed to be packed up and stored by professional
              movers, to ensure that they'd be safe as the cabinets need to be removed. They should be in storage for about a
              month, then we'll have the moving van again.

              I'm sorry that made the news; I can have them park in the back and they can carry boxes down a flight of stairs and
              out the back instead of just going out the front door. It's worth it, to avoid giving anyone more ammunition.

              The thought crossed my mind, but I didn't think someone would be so hard pressed to include that in the ear. Did
              they not notice all the cars around the House? The Wolfson contractor van and other workers' vehicles from the
              window project, or the Simplex Grinell vehicle fixing the security cameras, or Silverbow Const. or Harri's
              Plumbing trucks parked outside working on the plumbing- nope, just the WWM van.

              Major problems in this 95 year old House are being addressed and it's crazy that they're using the van as something
              to take a jab at you with.

              Erika




              From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
              Sent: Sun 9/30/2007 7:25 AM
              To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
              Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Leschper, Beth (GOV);
              Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
              Subject: Ear

              Sheeeesh - for what it's worth - I have no idea why a moving van was at the mansion last week. Too bad Shelia
              Toomey didn't call us, or Erika, to find out before she printed the Ear blurb.




              11/10/2009

                                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0005970
