Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin @alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Sunday, September 30, 2007 5:47 PM
          To:                       PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                  Penney

        Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




         SP




         From Sharon:

          No- I am surprised it didn ' t come up during / after our group chat with Larry Persily when
         he was talking about the emails on this subject.



         Mike did tell me that he was a week and a half behind on his reading file.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); 'ftb907@yyahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>

         Sent: Sun Sep 30 07:07:17 2007

         Subject: Fw: Kenai


                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0005993
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Sharon- did Mike or anyone give you a head's up this was coming, in case I was asked about
         illegal earmarks or any other aspect of Stevens' woes lately... In light of the Stevens
         issues we dealt with all last week I'd think whomever received the letter (to me) on Sept
         14 would have disceminated the info so we could be prepared to talk about it in the
         context of the Stevens issues we were already dealing with.



         Kris or Frank- did u get anything on this?




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0005994
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


             Ear                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


             Unknown

              From :    Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV) [erika.fagerstrom@alaska.gov]
             Sent:      Sunday, September 30, 2007 6:48 PM
             To:        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
             Cc:        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); fek9wnr@yahoo.com; Leschper; Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject: RE: Ear
             Oh brother... I'm so sorry!

             For the plumbing project the dishwashing and pantry areas will have demolition work to walls and ceilings in order
             to access the old pipes , etc... The House china and stemware needed to be packed up and stored by professional
             movers, to ensure that they'd be safe as the cabinets need to be removed. They should be in storage for about a
             month, then we'll have the moving van again.

             I'm sorry that made the news; I can have them park in the back and they can carry boxes down a flight of stairs and
             out the back instead of just going out the front door. It's worth it, to avoid giving anyone more ammunition.

             The thought crossed my mind, but I didn't think someone would be so hard pressed to include that in the ear. Did
             they not notice all the cars around the House? The Wolfson contractor van and other workers' vehicles from the
             window project, or the Simplex Grinell vehicle fixing the security cameras , or Silverbow Const, or Ham's
             Plumbing trucks parked outside working on the plumbing- nope, just the WWM van.

            Major problems in this 95 year old House are being addressed and it's crazy that they're using the van as something
            to take a jab at you with.

            Erika




            From : Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)
            Sent: Sun 9/30/2007 7:25 AM
            To: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)
            Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Leschper, Beth (GOV);
            Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)
            Subject: Ear

            Sheeeesh - for what it's worth - I have no idea why a moving van was at the mansion last week. Too bad Shelia
            Toomey didn't call us, or Erika, to find out before she printed the Ear blurb.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0005995
