Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Sunday, September 30, 2007 8:28 PM
         To:                        Fagerstrom; Erika (GOV)
         Cc:                        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); fek9wnr@yahoo.com; Leschper; Beth
                                    (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject :                  Re: Ear




         It's pretty crazy . Thanks for putting up with it ( the gossip - stuff ) with us!



         The gossip column reporter probably thinks we ' re always correcting her (well , we are), but
         I'll ask our Comm dept tell her what the van was there for.




         I look forward to getting down there this week. Sounds like your boys are doing                       awesome. I
         still am betting on them to win it all this season.



         See you soon.



         ----- Original message -----

         From: Fagerstrom, Erika (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com' <fek9wnrayahoo.com>; Leschper, Beth
         (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Sent: Sun Sep 30 18:48:19 2007

         Subject: RE: Ear



         Oh brother...      I'm so sorry!



         For the plumbing project the dishwashing and pantry areas will have demolition work to
         walls and ceilings in order to access the old pipes, etc...   The House china and stemware
         needed to be packed up and stored by professional movers , to ensure that they' d be safe as
         the cabinets need to be removed . They should be in storage for about a month, then we'll
         have the moving van again.



         I'm sorry that made the news ; I can have them park in the back and they can carry boxes
         down a flight of stairs and out the back instead of just going out the front door. It's
         worth it , to avoid giving anyone more ammunition.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0005989
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         The thought crossed my mind , but I didn ' t think someone would be so hard pressed to
         include that in the ear . Did they not notice all the cars around the House ? The Wolfson
         contractor van and other workers ' vehicles from the window project , or the Simplex Grinell
         vehicle fixing the security cameras , or Silverbow Const. or Harri ' s Plumbing trucks parked
         outside working on the plumbing - nope , just the WWM van.



         Major problems in this 95 year old House are being addressed and it's crazy that they're
         using the van as something to take a jab at you with.



         Erika




         From: Palin ,   Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Sun 9 / 30/2007 7:25 AM

         To: Leighow ,   Sharon W (GOV)

         Cc: Perry , Kristina Y (GOV ); Fagerstrom ,    Erika    ( GOV); 'fek9wnr@yahoo.com'; Leschper, Beth
         (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Subject: Ear




         Sheeeesh - for what it ' s worth - I have no idea why a moving van was at the mansion last
         week. Too bad Shelia Toomey didn't call us, or Erika , to find out before she printed the
         Ear blurb.




                                                             2




                                                                                                        PRA GSP0I_0005990
