Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Monday, October 01, 2007 5:02 PM
         To:                        Yocom; Lauren J (GOV)
         Subject :                  Re: TEST: Press Release : Governor Responds to the Protect America's Wildlife Act


         Got it and can read it . Thanks!



          ----- Original Message -----

         From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent : Mon Oct 01 16:58:49 2007

         Subject: TEST:        Press Release : Governor Responds to the Protect America's Wildlife Act



         Governor,



         I understand you're still not receiving press releases . The first thing I.T. wants to
         know is if you can see releases on your blackberry.  Please let me know if you see the
         text below.




         Thanks,




         Lauren




         Lauren Yocom



         Communications Assistant



         Office of Governor Sarah Palin <http:// state.ak.us/>


                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA_GSPO1_0006012
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska State Capitol




          907.465.4031



          907.465.3533



          907.321.5571




         From: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

         Sent: Thursday, September 27, 2007 8:41 AM

         To: Yocom, Lauren J (GOV)

         Subject: Press Release: Governor Responds to the Protect Americas Wildlife Act




         FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                              07-197




         Governor Responds to the Protect America's Wildlife Act




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP0I_0006013
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         September 26, 2007, Anchorage, Alaska - Governor Sarah Palin today criticized Congressman
         George Miller's (D-CA) legislation to eliminate an important element of wildlife
         management by the state of Alaska.




         "Moose and caribou are important food for Alaskans, and Congressman Miller's bill
         threatens that food supply," said Governor Palin. "Congressman Miller doesn't understand
         rural Alaska, doesn 't comprehend wildlife management in the North, and doesn't appreciate
         the Tenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution that gives states the right to manage their
         own affairs."




         Miller's bill would ban the shooting of wolves from aircraft, a component of moose and
         caribou management plans in five specific areas of Alaska .  Predation can keep populations
         of large game animals at persistently low levels, limiting or eliminating opportunities
         for Alaskans to secure wild game for food.




         Governor Palin is in agreement with Alaska Congressman Don Young, who announced yesterday
         his opposition to Miller's bill, emphasizing that it is an affront to the sovereignty of
         American states guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution.




         "This bill would be an unprecedented federal incursion into traditional State management
         of fish and resident wildlife ," said Palin . " If the federal government can do this to
         Alaska today, it can do it to any other state tomorrow. The other states , particularly
         the western public land states , should join us in expressing their indignation."




        Contrary to what Representative Miller said in Washington yesterday , there is no " aerial
        hunting" of wolves in Alaska , the Governor said . " Our science - driven and abundance-based
        predator management program involves volunteers who are permitted to use aircraft to kill
        some predators in specified areas of the state where we are trying to increase
        opportunities for Alaskans to put healthy food on their families' dinner tables. It is
        not hunting and we have never claimed that it is."




                                                       3




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006014
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Governor Palin said she will contact several other members of Congress to encourage them
          not to support Congressman Miller ' s effort.




          "It appears to me that the Congressman has been inadvertently drawn into service as a
          fundraiser for national animal rights organizations that commonly spread inaccurate
          information about Alaska ' s game management programs , and with which we are in court on
          these issues right now," said Palin.




         Wildlife management policy in Alaska is set by the Alaska Board of Game, a public body
         appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Alaska State Legislature .    The Board
         deliberates by weighing evidence at public meetings .  Testimony comes from Alaska
         Department of Fish and Game scientists , non-governmental organizations , and private
         citizens . Governor Palin stressed today that wolf and bear populations are extremely
         healthy in this state , and that predator control is intended to create more opportunities
         for humans to harvest moose and caribou for food , while maintaining healthy populations of
         predators.




          "Our goal is to always have healthy populations of all wildlife , including wolves ," Palin
         said . "Alaska is the only state that still harbors a full complement of both large
         ungulates and large predators."




         Lauren Yocom



         Communications Assistant



         Office of Governor Sarah Palin < http :// state.ak.us/>

                                                         4




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0006015
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Alaska State Capitol




          907.465.4031




          907.465.3533



          907.321.5571




                                                       5
