Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




        Unknown
        From :                    Mason , Janice L (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                  GROUP/C N=RECIPIENTS/CN=J LMASON]
        Sent:                     Sunday, September 30, 2007 3:14 PM
        To:                       'gov. sarah@yahoo.com'
        Subject :                 Re: JNU/New York


        I thought that we were discussing the Juneau game - sorry about that. Janice



        Sent using BlackBerry




        ----- Original Message -----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

        To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

        Sent: Sun Sep 30 13:19:23 2007

        Subject: Re: JNU/New York



        Sounds like Beth is already going, but I appreciate the offer

        Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



        -----Original Message-----

        From: "Mason, Janice L (GOV)" <janice.mason@alaska.gov>



        Date: Sun, 30 Sep 2007 13:15:46

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

        Subject: Re: JNU/New York




        Governor - I assume either To




                                                            1



                                                                                                         PRA GSPO1_0005999
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Byers, Gail Y (LAND
          From:                     Crome, Cora J (GOV) [/O=SOA/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE
                                    GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=CJCROME]
          Sent:                     Sunday, September 30, 2007 12:04 PM
          To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                  RE: Kenai


          Governor,

         Attached is a copy of the letter we received requesting an investigation. As I mentioned,
         we are in the process of completing the investigation and drafting a response. I will
         keep you informed about this as we move ahead.

         Cora




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2007 7:09 AM

         To: Crome, Cora J (GOV)

         Subject: Fw: Kenai




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Nizich, Michael A (GOV); Lloyd, Denby S (DFG)

         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV); Kelly, Russell T (GOV); Ruaro, Randall
         P (GOV)

         Sent : Sun Sep 30 06:54 :10 2007

         Subject: Kenai



         Im reading today's article, ADN, about Penney's earmark from Stevens - it says the
         governor received a letter Sept 14 questioning the funds. Was that me, or was some letter
         sent Sept 14 during prior administration?



         Because i have not seen, nor heard about, any letter. In fact, except in passing when I
         heard Larry and Mike mention the ADN was on to another Stevens/Penney issue, I have never
         been informed nor privy to any info on this issue.



         I feel I need to be informed of these issues that deal with the state and end up on the
                                                              1



                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006000
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          front page of the newspaper. Please, if that letter was sent to me, allow me to see it. I
          would think I'd be asked about this issue, and we're lucky I wasn't already asked when a
          couple of reporters stopped me last week for Stevens ' issues /comments.




                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006001
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                                  KENAI AREA FISHERMAN 'S COALITION
                      47083 Belmont Ct. Kenai, Ak. 99611 * (907) 283-1054 * dwimarCg. gci.net


                      Governor Sarah Palin                                        September 14, 2007
                      P.O. Box 110001                                                                C/)

                      Juneau, Ak. 99811-0001

                                                                                                     L'J
                      Dear Governor Palin,

                         The Kenai Area Fisherman' s Coalition (KAFC) requests that your office
                     and the Attorney General investigate the handling of federal funds
                     transferred to the State of Alaska via an earmark to the Pacific Coast Salmon
                     Recovery Funds (PCSRF) from Senator Ted Stevens.

                     The KAFC is an organization composed of scientists and concerned users of
                     the Kenai Peninsula waters. KAFC membership includes biologists (retired
                     State and Federal) which provide over 120 years of experience on the Kenai
                     River and other Peninsula waters in all areas of research and management.
                     We consider the KAFC to be a " Joe Fisherman" organization since we have
                     no commercial interests.

                     The federal funds in question were provided to the State during the prior
                     administration, however, after the transfer the Alaska Department of Fish
                     and Game (ADF&G) allowed a private organization, the Kenai River Sport
                     Fishing Association (KRSA), to decide how a significant portion of those
                     monies should be spent on the Kenai River. ADF&G did this because
                     Senator Stevens instructed ADF&G to divert the money to KRSA via
                     informal conversations.

                     Sue Aspelund, special assistant to the Commissioner of ADF&G, sent the
                     following in an email in response to a question from a concerned citizen
                     about how the money was reallocated to KRSA for control on spending:

                      2004 and 2005 federal budget Conference Reports listing the Kenai and
                     Russian River earmarks in Alaska 's share of Pacific Coastal Salmon
                     Recovery Funds (PCSRF) appropriated by Congress. You will see
                     earmarksfor the Kenai River and the Russian River. Additional




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0006002
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




     i



                      guidance provided us by Senator Stevens staff was that these earmarks
                      were for the Kenai River Sportfishing Association 's use at their discretion,
                      consistent with the Intended purposes of PCSRF.

                      It is obvious from this response and the written legislation that KRSA was
                      not part of the original earmark but was given the authority to spend this
                      money via a verbal agreement between the past Commissioner of ADF&G
                      McKie Campbell, KRSA, and Senator Ted Stevens . We find this backdoor
                      allocation of funds to KRSA to be unethical on the part of Senator Stevens
                      and ADF&G.

                      There was no public process that allowed for debate on whether this was the
                      proper way to handle millions of dollars designated for Kenai River fisheries
                      and habitat research. In fact, ADF&G in our opinion is the best agency to
                      decide the fate of these dollars, not KRSA. Instead, Commissioner
                      Campbell said in repeated conversations with various members of the public
                      that this money was earmarked in the legislation to KRSA. That was not
                      true - KRSA is not mentioned in the legislation but was the benefactor of a
                      behind the scene conversation with Senator Stevens office and ADF&G
                      leadership.

                     In addition, subsequent meetings by KRSA on the spending of these monies
                     did not include all user groups ; a fact was made public in a number of letters
                     to Senator Stevens's office, Governor Frank Murkowski, and KRSA by
                     citizens of the Kenai Peninsula (some of these letters are attached for your
                     review). These objections were dismissed or ignored. An open and
                     transparent public process, something we support and know Governor that
                     you feel the same by your actions and words, was not used in this case.

                     Recently, it has come to our attention that KRSA has recommended funding
                     of two projects in 2007 that are, in our opinion, a direct conflict of interest
                     and further erodes the public trust in how ADF&G is handling these funds.
                     The basis for our concern is as follows:

                     1. S.P Cramer and Associates , a firm located outside Alaska, consults to
                     KRSA on Board of Fish (BOF) regulatory proposals and has been active in
                     promoting KRSA positions before the Board of Fisheries and during public
                     meetings. S.P Cramer and Associates has worked for KRSA since at least
                     1999. They have attended numerous UCI regulatory meetings and have




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006003
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                      served KRSA in a consultant capacity at those meetings. From our
                      understanding they are still working for KRSA.

                      2. Two projects (45527 and 45528) funded by the PCSRF funds are being
                      conducted by KRSA and S.P Cramer and Associates. Project 45527 deals
                      with habitat and restoration evaluations and project 45528 is work on size
                      selectivity issues for Kenai River Chinook salmon . Total value of these
                      projects is over 68,000 dollars. These projects were awarded without
                      competitive bidding and therefore did not allow Alaskan firms to participate.

                      3. Our conversations with planning meeting attendees indicate that these
                      two projects may not have been discussed or agreed to by the parties or
                      agencies in that meeting. Instead, these projects were added by KRSA after
                      the meeting according to some reports . Again, this circumvents the public
                      process and allows a special interest group to direct funds to their
                      consultants and their organization without full disclosure or discussion.

                     4. KRSA has proposals before the BOF 2008 Upper Cook Inlet meeting that
                     deal with the harvest of Chinook salmon in the Kenai River, including one
                     that deals specifically with size selectivity of current fishing regulations. In
                     addition, there are numerous public proposals to alter regulations for habitat
                     concerns. KRSA will be taking positions on these proposals as well as their
                     own proposals. Projects 45527 and 45528 are self-serving in that they deal
                     with proposals before the Board of Fish submitted or commented on by
                     KRSA.

                     5. The end date of these two studies is December 2007 which is just prior to
                     the Board of Fish meeting and data for use in the regulatory meetings will be
                     available to KRSA and S.P Cramer and Associates well before it is available
                     to the public. Since they are conducting the studies they have immediate
                     knowledge of results that the general public will not have.

                     6. KRSA and S.P Cramer and Associates have at a minimum the perception
                     of not being objective relative to the study results given the regulatory
                     proposals before the Board of Fisheries . - Therefore, when these studies are
                     presented or used in the Board of Fisheries process the public will not be
                     able to separate KRSA' s agenda from the study results.

                     Therefore, at this time we believe a serious conflict of interest has taken
                     place with the award of these studies to KRSA and S.P Cramer and




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006004
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




                 '4




                       Associates. It is our opinion that KRSA should not have received the
                       authorization to decide how to spend these funds in the beginning, has
                       circumvented a full and open public process, and now is in conflict with
                       using public funds to promote their stated agenda by directing studies by
                       their consultants and themselves to specific proposals before the BOF.

                       We therefore respectively request that you investigate the history of these
                      funds, determine if ethical or illegal violations have taken place in the
                      administration of these funds, and if so finding in the affirmative, terminate
                      further relationships with KRSA and their consultants . In addition, we
                      would further request that the BOF members be advised of your findings and
                      that any testimony by KRSA on the subject of these two proposals be denied
                      given they have a conflict with using public dollars to implement studies
                      related to their own proposals.

                      Thank you for your time and we look forward to hearing from you in the
                      near future.



                      Respectfully Submitted,


                      .Dwight Kramer - KAFC Acting Secretary
                       283-1054



                      cc: Hon. Talis J. Colberg, Attorney General, Dept. of Law
                          Hon. Denby Lloyd, Commissioner of ADF&G
                          Hon. Tom Irwin, Commissioner of DNR
                         Mike Nizich, Dep. Chief of Staff, Office of the Governor
                         Cora Crome, Office of the Governor
                         Tom Wagoner, Alaska State Senator
                         Mike Chenault, Alaska State House Representative




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006005
