Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored ) [govpalin @alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Monday, October 01, 2007 12:12 PM
         To:                        Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Mason ; Janice L (GOV)
         Cc:                        Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Today


         I would prefer just reading the proc. I am not prepared for a speech so will not deliver
         one. Sharon doesnt have to be there to give me the speech - i am just reading the
         proclamation that is already there



         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         To: Mason, Janice L (GOV); Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

         Sent : Mon Oct 01 12:08:08 2007

         Subject: RE: Today




         Governor,



         Sharon will meet you at the event with a hard copy of speech/proclamation. There is likely
         to be press at the event, so she'll be on-hand to assist with that. The Lt. Governor will
         still be there, but will defer to you on the proclamation. The event is from 1 - 2pm.
         They are aware that you will need to depart early as you have a 2pm meeting.



         Kris



         -----Original Message-----

         From: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

         Sent: Monday, October 01, 2007 10:01 AM

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

         Subject: RE: Today



         Governor - The event today is sponsored by the Abused Women's Aid in Crisis (AWAIC) -
         Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  You can sit onstage with the Lt. Governor and read the
         proclamation and then the Lt. Governor will say a few words. The proclamation is at the
         event and signed. I have pasted it into the body of this email.




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA GSPO1_0006028
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          The event on Thursday , October 4 is sponsored by the General Federation of Women ' s Club.
          This is also a Domestic Violence and Abuse to Women event .  11:00 a . m. at the Hilton Hotel
          Chart Room . The Lt . Governor was attending as you would possibly be in Juneau on that
          date.



          On either event the Lt. Governor is more then happy to accompany you or step down .                      Janice



         WHEREAS, domestic violence is a vicious cycle that disrupts communities, destroys
         relationships , and harms thousands of Alaskans each year .     It comes in the form of
         physical , emotional , sexual , psychological , and economic abuse.



         WHEREAS , domestic violence is not confined to any group or groups of people ; it affects
         people of all ethnic backgrounds , economic levels, education levels , family structures,
         religions , and ages . It is a pervasive problem in every community in Alaska , large and
         small.



         WHEREAS, the crime of domestic violence violates an individual's dignity and right to be
         safe from violence in their home. It violates the peace and health of communities as well
         as the laws of the State of Alaska. Domestic violence is not a private family matter - it
         is a crime.



         WHEREAS , the existence of domestic violence in our homes transforms the home from a place
         that is meant to be loving and safe into a place of danger, despair , and fear.   It
         diminishes the quality of life for every resident of Alaska.



         WHEREAS , the effects of domestic violence on children are devastating and can cause
         lifelong problems due to emotional and/or physical trauma. These children are at a
         greater risk of being part of an abusive relationship as adults , thus continuing this
         cycle of abuse.



         WHEREAS , beyond the suffering of victims , families , and communities , domestic violence
         also has financial costs . These include lost income and long-term productivity , medical
         care , law enforcement , legal and court expenses , social and emergency services, crime
         compensation , and problems in the school and workplace.



         WHEREAS, as Alaskans , we must demonstrate with our words and our actions that domestic
         abuse will not be tolerated .  As Alaskans , we must continue to build alliances among
         governments , community associations , businesses , education , and faith - based organizations
         that will strengthen our families , teach alternatives to violence , and hold the offenders
         accountable for their crimes.



         NOW, THEREFORE , I,     Sarah Palin ,   Governor of the State of Alaska ,       do hereby proclaim
         October 2007 as:



         Domestic Violence Awareness Month


                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0006029
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         in Alaska, and call on all Alaskans to become active in the fight to end domestic violence
         in all of its forms, and to assume the responsibility to make the message clear, both by
         word and deed, that domestic violence is unacceptable. Let us continue to mourn those
         victims who have died, celebrate those who have survived, and support and respect those
         who work to end violence.




         -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Monday, October 01, 2007 9:32 AM

         To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Leighow, Sharon W (GOV); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

         Subject: Re: Today



         I can do the DMVA along with Sean then. For some reason I thot I was to do that... and
         that it was the Oct 4 DV event that was optional be Sean was going to be there in case I
         had to take an earlier Juneau flt.



         ----- Original Message -----

         From : Mason ,   Janice L (GOV)

         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

         Sent: Mon Oct 01 09:23:18 2007

         Subject: RE: Today



        Governor - The 11:00 a.m. USPS event is located at: Station 61 - 101 W. Swanson Avenue in
        the Central Public Safety Building.




        The 1:00 p.m. Domestic Violence Awareness Event (DVAM) is located at: Assembly Chambers,
        Loussac Library, 3600 Denali Street. This was put on your calendar as an FYI - the Lt.
        Governor is going and reading the Proclamation.   Janice



        -----Original Message-----

        From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

        Sent: Monday, October 01, 2007 8:52 AM

        To: Mason, Janice L (GOV)

        Cc:   Perry,   Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

                                                          3




                                                                                                     PRA_GSP01_0006030
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Subject: Today



         J or Kris - would u have someone track down the location of my 1:00 DV proclamation
         speech?




                                                       4




                                                                                                  PRA GSP01_0006031
