Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, October 01, 2007 9:51 AM
         To:                       cmmgen@mtaonline.net
         Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.



         -----Original Message-----

        From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

        Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2007 12:28 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Fish-and-Game



        Web mail from: Paula Caywood

        address: P.O. Box 774042 Eagle River AK 99577

         907-694-8758



        MESSAGE:

        I am writing in response to the moose populations in 20A - the moose bilogist there has
        been killing cow moose for the last 3 years. We have hunted in this area for 10 years.
        During our hunt this year we saw a dramatic decrease in moose populations in this area.
        On the Rex trail where we would normally see hundreds of moose tracks we saw only a half a
        dozen moose tracks.  rnrnI truely believe that it is wrong to killing cow moose when we
        are doing aerial wolf hunts to increase the moose populations. It is an oxymoron to be
        doing both, plus it decreases our credibility when we defend Alaska's right to manage our
        game as we see fit to the special interest groups. I am asking that an emergency order to
        stop all cow moose hunts until this issue can be further studied.



       cmmgen@mtaonline.net

       PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                              1




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006056
