Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
          From:                      Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                      Monday, October 01, 2007 9:14 AM
          To:                        nanlowe@hotmail.com
          Subject:                   RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us)

          Sent :   Saturday, September 29, 2007 9:41 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Fish-and-Game



          Web mail from: Mr. Danny Lowe

          address: 6860 Omalley Rd. Anchorage AK 99507

           907-227-5327



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Govenor Palin,rnrni would like to thank you in advance for your continued support on
          the predator control program in Alaska. We flew to our cabin last week, it is located in
          game management unit 16B. During the flight we counted two grizzly bears and three black
          bears.  No moose or caribou the entire trip. We have been very active in trying to help
          reduce the predator population, as moose and caribou are the mainstay of our food supply.
          We choose to eat wild game, do to the healthy aspects, not because we have to. To make a
          long story short, good job on the quick reply to George Miller of California and thank you
          for standing up for the citizens of Alaska. Govenor Palin we stand behind you 1101 and
          always will, keep up the good work and tell California they can manage our wolves when we
          can manage their mountain lions!  THANK YOU SARAH!rnrnSincerely, Danny Lowe



          nanlowe@hotmail.com

          PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01 _0006061
