Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [ governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, October 01, 2007 9:56 AM
          To:                       Quirkstep@aol.com
          Subject:                  RE: Natural Resources


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2007 7:03 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Natural-Resources



          Web mail from: Ms. Christine Biser

          address: 10645 Bethel Rd. Frederick MD 21702

           301-898-5876



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin and aides,rnrnAn email was forwarded to me from Defenders of Wildlife
          regarding your public relations initiative on aerial wolf hunts. I just had some
          questions about this, as the email from DOW did not explain a few things:rnrnl) It claims
          your PR action violates a Federal law disallowing aerial hunting. I am skeptical. is
          this true? What is your side of that story?rnrn2) Is this an economic development
          initiative?  I know many of Alaska' s areas are quite remote, and it is not as easy to earn
          a cash-based living in these areas as it is for me in my suburban Maryland, near a virtual
          beehive of commercial trade.   Who is benefitting from the aerial hunting operations? Are
          these small businesses, possibly even minority-owned? rnrn3)    Is this an initiative to
          eradicate wolves in a particular area, or will they be managed for profit and (wolf)
          health?  For example , once the number of wolves is brought down to a certain level, would
          the aerial hunting operations

          now shift their focus, and arm their customers with binoculars, rather than shotguns?
          Just a thought. This very minor adjustment would really make the whole initiative a
          highly sustainable economic enterprise with great value for the conservationists among us.
         rnrnl do know that in Maryland, we really could use a lot of hunters. The whole state is
         overrun by deer.  They are eating everything, endangered native wild plants along with
         suburban people's prized peonies.  I believe that people sometimes don't have a realistic
         sense of &quot;conservation.&quot;  Marylanders fiercely protected Bambis from rifles and
         cross-bows, to the point where the deer herds currently stand at about 5 times the
         carrying capacity of the land we let them occupy. They naturally stray onto our roadways,
         where we hit them with our vehicles on a regular, dangerous, and expensive basis. rnrnlf
         your aides have time, I would appreciate hearing about the 3 questions I had, above.
         Thank you for reading my ema

         il.    rnrnSincerely,rnChristine Biser
                                                                 1




                                                                                                            PRA_GSP01_0006049
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Quirkstep@aol.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01 _0006050
