Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Monday, October 01, 2007 8:18 AM
         To:                       Chuck Bickley
         Subject:                  RE: Wolf and Bear Control- GMU-1 3


         Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
         information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
         unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
         being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
         need, suggestion, or comment.




         -----Original Message-----

        From; Chuck Bickley [mailto:sassyl®mtaonline.net]

        Sent: Saturday, September 29, 2007 6:40 PM

        To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

        Subject: Wolf and Bear Control- GMU-13



        Dear Governor Palin:

               I see where many so called wildlife experts are suggesting that

        current predator programs do not follow good biology practices.

             I have had property at Swede Lake, off of Mile 16 Denali Highway,

        since 1978 and have hunted moose most of the years since then. The

        number of moose that I see while hunting have been greatly reduced over

        those years.

              During the early years of my hunting there it was not unreasonable

        to see 20 or so cows, in a day, with current year or former year

        calves.     This year I saw very few cows with prior year calves and only 4

        or 5 current year calves. This was the experience of 4 hunters for 19

        days and 2 others in camp at various times.

             This has been our experience for the past 6 years or so.

             We saw fewer bears and wolves this year and I believe the extra

        predator control is starting to have an effect on predators and

        hopefully it is not too late for the moose to make a comeback.

              I urge you to continue to allow the current predator control

        methods to be used.        The State of Alaska needs to manage all wildlife
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006063
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com      Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           for sustained yield and not for viewing purposes.

                 Thank you for your consideration of my comments.

                 Sincerely,     Chuck Bickley Wasilla, Ak




                                                            2
