Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                              Page 1 of 7


             Unknown

              From:    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [govemor c@alaska.gov]
              Sent:    Tuesday, October 02, 2007 10:11 AM
              To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV)
              Subject: FW: WICHE Mental Health Report October 2007



             From: Candice Tate [mailto:ctate@wlche.edu]
             Sent: Monday, October 01, 2007 3:29 PM
             To: Palin, Sarah H (GOV)
             Subject: WICHE Mental Health Report October 2007



             WICHE Mental Health Report
             Trouble viewing this report? Go to WICHE Mental Health Newsletter October 2007

             WICHE Mental Health Report
             October 01, 2007
             Volume 1 , Number 9

             RECENT ISSUES: February 2007. March 2007. April 2007. May 2007. June 2007. July
             2007. August 2007. September 2007

             In this Issue:
               · InFocus: Telemental Health
               · FYI
               · Job Opportunities: *Updated*
            <hIlnFocus: Telemental Health
            Mental Health Care from a Distance


            Telehealth is the delivery of health related services and information via telecommunications
            technologies. It may be as simple as two health professionals discussing a case over the
            telephone, or as sophisticated as using satellite technology to broadcast a video consultation
            between providers in remote locations. Telehealth is much broader than telemedicine, and in
            addition to direct services, encompasses administrative and support services.

            Telemental Health is the use of telehealth to provide mental health services, especially to those
            in remote locations with shortages of service providers. Telemental health is useful for therapy
            and direct services including, medication management, psychiatric consultations, and psychiatric
            referrals. In addition to clinical work, telemental health can be used for case management,
            continuing education, consultation, and professional peer support.




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             P RA_GS P01 _0006088
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 7


            In a healthcare environment that is technology-oriented, providers and patients are recognizing the
            benefits of telemental health services. Technology has the potential to decrease the gap in services by
            increasing education, support, and connectedness between the client and the provider. Healthcare
            providers are leveraging the power of video networks to link patients, specialists, and clinicians, thus
            extending the reach of specialized healthcare to rural regions. Due to the use of telemental health, rural
            patients experience lower out-of-pocket costs, less travel and shorter wait times.

            Despite this glowing vision of the future, the majority of facilities that list mental health as an area of
            service delivery in addition to general medical services do not have a formal link to their associated
            systems of mental health care. Frequently, hospital and primary care networks organize mental health
            projects around existing medical services that may lack strong collaborative traditions with the mental
            health systems of care.

            Telemental Health Issues
            Despite the potential value of telemedicine technology, there are barriers to the successful integration of
            these advances from an administrative perspective, hich can include technology costs, professional
            issues, and legal and confidentiality issues. Furthermore, census data indicate that Americans' access to
            usage of the internet varies greatly depending on socioeconomic level. Lower income urban residents
            are more than two times as likely to have internet access as those in rural areas at the same lower income
            levels.

            Professional issues can include refraining the doctor-patient relationship and licensure, mobility, and
            reciprocity for healthcare disciplines. The Telehealth Improvement Act of 1999 and the Comprehensive
            Telehealth Act of 1999 created a Joint Working Group charged with compiling data on the number of
            health care providers performing telehealth services across state lines and tracking efforts to develop
            uniform national sets of standards for telehealth licensure. A provision of these Acts is that if states are
            not making progress in facilitating telehealth services across state lines by eliminating unnecessary
            requirements and adopting reciprocal licensing arrangements for such services, then the secretary of
            Health and Human Services should make recommendations concerning the scope and nature of Federal
            actions required to assist telehealth services.

           Advantages and Disadvantages
           The obvious advantages taken from the above section are the increased access to professional,
           anonymous care. Another major advantage is the cost savings to service providers, given the reduction
           in travel expenses for clients. Clients also have increased access to immediate care when needed with
           reduced disruption to their jobs or home life.

           There are a number of challenges to working with the system. Potentially not having a workforce
           dedicated to working on the videoconferencing system could be one of the larger issues. It can be
           frustrating to have the professionals and the clients ready, but not have the technical staff time available
           to operate the system. This lack of dedicated technical assistance can lead to scheduling challenges, if
           both the behavioral and the medical systems share the telehealth system. While a system may have a
           myriad of connection sites, it is also a finite system with bandwidth limitations. Overuse of the system at
           peak hours can lower the reception and quality of the screen. The technology is constantly changing for
           the better; however, this leads to outdated technology needing upgrades, which can involve significant
           amounts of money. Confidentiality can be another issue that professionals will need to address at each
           end of the system and in transit. The live video data transported through the internet are subject to
           HIPPA regulations. This prevents the use of inexpensive store-bought webcam systems, which are
           unencrypted and therefore susceptible to hackers. Finally, providers could encounter a number of
           possible client issues. Not everyone will be willing to use this new technology due to unfamiliarity with
           the system, though we presume that children are more likely to be open to the technology than older


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA_GSP01_0006089
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                                  Page 3 of 7


             adults.

             Empirical Support
             Despite promising preliminary research, telemental health is not an established evidence-based practice.
             The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) are
             currently conducting research to establish the preliminary data needed to formally label telehealth as an
             EBP. There is little data on telehealth mental health care performance beyond consumer satisfaction
             surveys and process measures. Proponents have held forth telehealth mental health care as a significant
             tool in improving the chronic lack of access to mental health services among rural populations.
             However, there simply are not enough data available to measure the ability of such telemental health
             strategies to enhance access and affect behavioral outcomes.

            This is an area where rural service providers could prove invaluable. Developing a systematic way to
            gather information from rural providers who have already successfully implemented telemental health
            into their services and assist them in gathering the rigorous data needed to develop them into an EBP
            will be an invaluable resource.

            Telehealth Resources

            Telemedicine Information Exchange

            The Association of Telehealth Service Providers

            Funding Opportunities through the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

            Telehealth Funding Guide from Health Resources and Services Administration

            American Telemedicine Association: Telemental Health Special Interest Group


            FYI...
                 Institute for Healthcare Improvement Logo




            The Science of Improvement: Accelerating Your Capacity to Change
            October 16 - 17, 2007
            St. Louis, MO

            Do you have a desire to improve care systems, but need a roadmap to guide your improvement journey?
            Whether you're new to the science of improvement, or simply want to strengthen your already
            foundational improvement skills, The Science of Improvement : Accelerating Your Capacity to Change
            seminar with Robert Lloyd, PhD and Richard Scoville, PhD is perfect for you!

            This two-day course, scheduled for October 16-17, 2007, in St. Louis, MO will provide you with the
            hands-on learning required to gain a firm grounding in the concepts, tools, and methods needed to plan
            and execute an effective quality improvement journey. This seminar is ideal for those who wish to



             11/10/2009

                                                                                                                PRA_GSPO1_0006090
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 4 of 7


             accelerate their ability to create an environment for change and is a great way to get new employees up
             to speed with the quality improvement work already in under way at your organization.

             For more information, or to enroll , please visit:
             http://www.ihi.ore/1HI/Programs /ConferencesAndSeminars/ScienceoflmprovementOctober2007 htm




             L   Mental Health America Logo




            Mental Health America News Release
            September 19, 2007

            Senate Passes "Mental Health Parity"
            Mental Health America commends Senators for moving to end insurance discrimination and calls on the
            House to now pass S.558

            Contact: Heather Cobb, (703) 797-2588 or hcobbr@mentalhealthamerica.net

            ALEXANDRIA, Va. (September 19, 2007) -Mental Health America commends the United States
            Senate for passing critical legislation to end mental health insurance discrimination, and its sponsors,
            Senators Pete Domenici (R-N.M.), Michael B. Enzi (R-Wyo.) and Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) for their
            leadership. The bill - S. 558, the Mental Health Parity Act of 2007 - will ensure that Americans with
            employer-sponsored health insurance and their families receive mental health care coverage at the same
            level as coverage for general health problems.

            "The support of this legislation is overwhelming as it should be," said David Shern, president and CEO
            of Mental Health America. "The science is clear. Tomes of research demonstrate the interconnectivity of
            mental and general health. Public policy is finally catching up with science through passage of this
            important legislation."

           S. 558 has a wide range of supporters that, for the first time, includes business and insurance leaders, as
           well as mental health advocates. For details on the legislation and more information, go to
           www.eguilycamt)aign.net.

           "With passage earlier this summer of legislation that would provide parity in mental health coverage
           under both Medicare and the State Children's Mental Health Program, Congress has a historic
           opportunity this year to end discrimination against people with mental health disorders in both private
           plans and federal health program," said Shern. "As we celebrate this first step, we urge House and
           Senate leaders to make history."
           Mental Health America and its national network of affiliates now looks to members of the House to pass
           S. 558 and make history.

           Mental Health America is the country's leading nonprofit dedicated to helping all people live mentally
           healthier lives. With our more than 320 affiliates nationwide, we represent a growing movement of
           Americans who promote mental wellness for the health and well-being of the nation-everyday and in
           times of crisis. For more information, visit www.mentalhealthamerica.net.



           11/10/2009

                                                                                                           PRA GSPO1_0006091
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 5 of 7



             Job Opportunities
            Recent Job Announcements Webpage

            On this page you will find recent job announcements pertaining to either the WICHE West or to rural
            mental health areas.

             u
             x   Penn State Logo




            The Department of Psychiatry at the Milton S. Hershey Penn State College of Medicine announces
            a PSYCHIATRY POSITION

            We are currently recruiting a full-time BCBE psychiatrist who will be presented with the wonderful
            opportunity to split their time between clinical services and dedicated research time. This position is a
            joint effort between the Tioga County Department of Human Services, a progressive rural mental health
            center, and The Department of Psychiatry, Penn State College of Medicine.

            The clinical responsibilities incorporate many facets of treatment to include assessment, consultation,
            supervision of staff, and treatment. The consumers cut represent the age spectrum and the expectation is
            that the psychiatrist be able to work with children and adults. The Tioga County Human Services
            Agency is located in lovely north central Penn. surrounded by a myriad of recreational opportunities.
            The agency has gained national recognition for its fully integrated programming that tie into a single
            setting all of the critical services mental health consumers require.

            The Penn State College of Medicine's Department of Psychiatry is a well established program with the
            full scope of clinical practice available. Additionally, there are child and adult residency programs and
            several post doctoral opportunities. The Department has an ever expanding research portfolio which
            enjoys an international reputation in several areas to include, anxiety, stress, trauma, and sleep medicine.

            The Department of Psychiatry is excited about the prospects of this partnership with rural mental health.
            This venture should allow for cutting edge research in the area of rural mental health. The psychiatrist
            will hold the rank of Assistant/Associate Professor within the Department of Psychiatry, depending upon
            experience. The Department's Division of Research will offer full research support.

            The Penn, legislature has provided funding for this dual position and it is the goal that this partnership
            will become a model for rural Penn. as well as a national model. This will then be a highly visible
            position with the potential for great professional growth.

           Again, this position will be split between the Medical College and Tioga County. The Medical College
           is in lovely Hershey, Penn. and Tioga County is an outdoors lover's paradise. There will be flexibility in
           the scheduling to allow for maximum clinical and research efforts.

           The Department of Psychiatry at the Milton S. Hershey Penn State College of Medicine is committed to
           affirmative action, equal opportunity and the diversity of its workforce.

           For more information please contact William Milchak at: wpm2@psu.edu or phone at: (717) 531-7279.



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006092
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                            Page 6 of 7


             Refer to position # 19091.



             [Xj Washington State MHD




            Chief, Mental Health Services
            Position Number RH33
            Location : Olympia, Washington
            Division : Mental Health Division
            Salary: $69,500 -$78,340
            Closing Date : October 15,2007

            POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
            This position is responsible for working closely with the Assistant Director of the Mental Health
            Division (MHD) in managing the state public mental health system. This position oversees program and
            services implementation, development, and monitoring of a wide array of community mental health
            outpatient and inpatient services. Duties include program development, oversight, implementing
            legislative initiatives, developing request legislation; analysis of legislation; adherence to federal
            requirements and lawsuits; RFP/Q and contract development; technical assistance to providers; contract
            monitoring; and reporting to the legislature.

            Number of employees in the Unit: 16 currently but subject to increase.

            Submit all materials by October 15, 2007 to:

            PuzhKMna dshs. wa.. ov
                                                      ,
            (Please indicate in the subject line: Chief Mental Health Services)
            OR
            Kathi Pugh
            Mental Health Division
            PO Box 45320
            Olympia, Washington 98504-5320


            WICHE MH Personnel
            Dennis Mohatt, MA, Mental Health Program Director
            Mimi McFaul, Psy.D., Associate Director
            Chuck McGee, MA, Project Director
            Scott Adams, Psy.D., Senior Research Associate
            Candice Tate, Ph.D., Research Associate
            Fran Dong, Statistical Analyst
            Jenny Shaw, Administrative & Project Coordinator
              'span

           Tell Us How the WICHE Mental Health Program Has Impacted You



            11/10/2009

                                                                                                           P RA_GS P01 _0006093
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                               Page 7 of 7


             The Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education is seeking your comments on how our
             services have affected mental health services in rural communities. Please send an e-mail telling how
             WICHE has influenced you to ctate@wiche.edu. We would also love to hear your nominations for
             promising rural practices. Feel free to also contact us with requests for state-specific rural assistance or
             to just ask us a question about our experience with rural mental issues and public policy.

             Subscriber Services

             To subscribe or unsubscribe to the WICHE Newsletter send an e-mail to ctate@wiche.edu




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0006094
