Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From:                     Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalin@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                     Tuesday, October 02, 2007 1:59 PM
         To:                       Glass; John D (DPS); Monegan; Walt C (DPS); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
         Cc:                       'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Holloway; Audie E (DPS)
         Subject:                  Re: Case unsolved


         Thanks John. Would you make sure he's contacted and our answers suffice, otherwise he'll
         no doubt want to contact me again on the issue. Thanks!



         ----- Original message -----

         From : Glass , John D (DPS)

         To: Palin,    Sarah (GOV sponsored);      Monegan , Walt C (DPS); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV)

         Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV); Holloway, Audie E
         (DPS)

         Sent : Tue Oct 02 13:39:55 2007

         Subject: RE: Case unsolved



         Governor: I have looked into this case and have had a copy of the original case forwarded
         to me from Archives in Juneau. I have also spoken with one of the original Troopers (now
         Lt. Kat Peterson) that responded to another burglary at the Scott residence on the same
         day. As you recall this is the neighbor that Mr. Dickman accuses of being the thief.



        The original burglary (case #01-27579) was in a shed that Mr. Dickman stored his property.
        It is not on his property and the actual owner of that shed is unknown.



        Investigation by Lt. Peterson indicated that the shed and the Scott residence were
        burglarized at probably the same time and probably by the same people . Tire tracks were
        followed from the shed to the Scott residence . Photos were taken of the tracks and they
        were compared to the Scott vehicle . While similar they did not match . Lt. Peterson was in
        the Scott residence ( all 3 floors ) and none of the property of Dickman ' s was observed.
        During the course of the initial investigation there was follow - up done by Lt. Peterson
        based on information provided by Mr. Dickman . No useful information was obtained. This
        included a neighborhood canvas to determine if any of the neighbors observed any activity
        at the time.




        Never at any time was any information documented by investigation that Mr. Scott was the
        thief. In fact it appears that he was also a victim. Being advised of this Mr. Dickman has
        never been satisfied as he is sure that Scott was responsible.



        Over the years Mr. Dickman has repeatedly contacted Commanders and other people within AST
        and provided names of people that he claims to have knowledge indicating that Scott was
        the burglar. These people have been contacted and indicated no knowledge. He also
        indicates that he wants the Scott residence searched for his property. This cannot be done
        without a search warrant and unless probable cause exists (which it does not in this case)
        a search warrant could or would not be issued.
                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0006110
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          It would indeed be unfortunate if Mr. Dickman chooses to take the law into his own hands
          and confronts Mr. Scott. This would put both of them at high risk and nothing good would
          come out it. But there is no documented information indicating that Scott was the thief.



          If you wish further information I am available by phone at 269-4519 or cell at 242-5879.




          John D. Glass , Deputy Commissioner



          -----Original Message-----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent :   Sunday,   September 30, 2007 3:58 PM

          To: Monegan , Walt C (DPS); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Glass, John D (DPS)

          Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Subject: Re: Case unsolved



          Thanks so much.



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Monegan, Walt C (DPS)

          To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV);            Glass ,   John D (DPS)

          Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com' <ftb907@yahoo.com>; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

          Sent : Sun Sep 30 15:41: 33 2007

          Subject; RE: Case unsolved



          John will look into this Monday

          -Walt.




          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Sun 9/30/2007 1:26 PM

          To: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Monegan, Walt C (DPS); Glass, John D (DPS)

          Cc: 'ftb907@yahoo.com'; Perry, Kristina Y (GOV)

                                                             2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP0I_0006111
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Subject : Case unsolved




          I'm here at Outdoor Show at Sullivan - Jerry Dickman , case #01-27579 says we haven't solved
          his Big Lake / Burma Rd break - in case and he wants his Evinrude motor back that was stolen
          and he says the guys who stole it is John Harold Scott. Jerry says he's going to take it
          back at gunpoint . I told him not to do that yet (it's been six and yrs) and that I
          promised I'd email you first and you'd help him. Jerry ' s #355-4474 . He's standing right
          next to me - he knows I ' m requesting assistance for him on this.



          Thanks!




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0006112
