Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown

         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Tuesday, October 02, 2007 8:21 AM
         To:                       PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  Re: Good job today!


          Thanks so much Sean . I have great respect for your efforts on this. I think a Character
          Counts agenda that impacts ' the state could surely help make a difference . I look forward
          to working with you and Jay on this.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

         From: "PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored)" <ar.parnell@alaska.gov>



         Date: Mon, 01 Oct 2007 22:30:35

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: Good job today!




         You did a good job today for having to walk into that DV ceremony and read a set of
         comments cold. I'm really glad you were able to make it. I think your presence in this
         arena can make a difference.



         Later in the day, I met with the president of the Alaska Christian College in Soldotna.
         He's got about 42 Alaska Native Students from about thirty villages, I believe. He took an
         anonymous survey among the young women who are part of the school and found that 100W
         claimed on their survey to have been a victim of domestic violence or sexual assault in
         their Bush homes. As part of their course of Biblical studies they also get one year of
         Christian counseling at the school. On the brighter side, he identified five or six
         villages where some light and hope are shining--Hooper Bay, Scammon Bay, Noatak,
         Unalakleet, Kiana, to name a few.



         I'll be in Juneau on Tuesday and part of Wednesday. If you need anything, please let me
         know.



         Sean




                                                               1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01 _0006124
