Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                              Page 1 of 2


             Unknown

             From :   Sarah Palin [gov.sarah@yahoo.com]
             Sent:    Wednesday, October 03, 2007 11:45 AM
             To:      Smith; Lynne M (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Cc:      Mason ; Janice L (GOV); Kelly; Russell T (GOV)
             Subject: Re: FW: Performance Based Teacher Preparation Program
             we need to decide if we're continuing with the (seemingly) unpopular teacher cash incentive
             program that previous administration adopted.

             "Smith, Lynne M(GOV)"<lynne. smith@alaska.gov> wrote:

              This is the invitation that I was referring to on the phone call with
              NEA. Governor, I am forwarding it to Janice so she can put it on your
              schedule as an FYI.

              Lynne


              -----Original Message-----
              From: Jess And Shirley Holloway [mailto:hollowayassoc@gci.net]
              Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2007 1:27 PM
              To: Smith, Lynne M (GOV)
              Cc: Thompson, Barbara A (EED)
              Subject: Performance Based Teacher Preparation Program

              Hello Lynne,

              I hope this e-mail finds you doing well.

              I am working on a project that is being backed by Shell Oil. They
              identified five school districts where they want to develop a
              relationship over a period of time and do something workwhile in the
              area of education. The five school districts are
              North Slope, Northwest Arctic, Lk and Penn, Bristol Bay and Aleutions
              East. We recently went to each community and visited with folks to
              discuss how Shell might support them in three areas:
              Heritage Language
              Math/Science Education
              Increasing home grown teachers to reduce turnover

              Of course, other needs were identified and they are being placed on the
              list of proposals to Shell.

             One issue that was supported by all districts was in the area of growing
             our own teachers from the local teacher aide population.

             On November 6, with representation from the five school districts and
             folks from the colleges, universities and DOE, we will launch the design
             team for a performance based teacher preparation program that gives


            11/10/2009

                                                                                                            PRA_GSPO1_0006152
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com



                                                                                                               Page 2 of 2


                credit for prior learning, is standards based and provided through a
                partnership of the school districts and universities.

                I would like to invite you to attend this first meeting so you can gain
                an understanding of what we are trying to do and hopefully gain your
                support this effort. It is going to need top down and bottom up
                support. We have the bottom up but getting the top down has
                historically been more difficult.

               So, we are launching this effort on Nov 6 at the Captain Cook from 1 to
               5 and we would be so pleased if you were able to attend. I would be
               happy to discuss this with you in more detail. I hope you can fit this
               into your very busy schedule.

               Warmest Regards,
               Shirley




             11/10/2009

                                                                                                             PRA GSP01 0006153
