Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     gov.sarah@yahoo.com
          Sent:                     Thursday, October 04, 2007 7:01 PM
          To:                       Kim; Anna C (GOV)
          Cc:                       Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Rehfeld ; Karen J (GOV); Frank Bailey;
                                    Leschper; Beth (GOV); Leighow; Sharon W (GOV)
          Subject:                  Re: Denali Awards Planning May 2008


          May I have Kris work with you on this? Thanks.



         Also, i need more schedules of HESS events, public mtgs, PSA opportunities, etc that would
         allow me to be in the loop on HESS agenda issues . I've asked Frank to request info from
         you also re: committee and council mtgs and events. Thank you.

          Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



          -----Original Message-----

         From: "Kim, Anna C (GOV)" <anna.kim@alaska.gov>



         Date: Thu, 04 Oct 2007 16:52:53

         To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com

         Subject: Denali Awards Planning May 2008




         Dear Governor Palin,



         Commissioner Kreitzer and I are discussing the next year of Denali Awards. Both of us
         would like your thoughts on who you would like to include in the award presentations.



         During May 2008, which coincides with National Employee Recognition Month, we thought you
         would meet with the winners only, however, the Commissioner would also like to know if you
         would consider meeting with the winners' family and co-workers as well. Please let us
         know your thoughts.



         Thanks, Anna



         Anna Kim

         Special Staff Assistant

         Office of the Governor



                                                                   1




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0006224
