Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Unknown
         From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
         Sent:                     Thursday, October 04, 2007 6:32 PM
         To:                       Frank Bailey; Perry; Kristina Y (GOV); PARNELL; S (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                  Re: autism meeting


         I need to get to these mtgs- and others - to show I care. I need Anna to bring me in the
         loop on what I can do to help. Pls let me know what anna says re: scheds and other aspects
         of this. Feel free to get HESS committees scheds from her. Dan may know more re: what I
         can do to help also.



         Sean cares about this also. I want him brought in the loop re: steps we can take to help.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



         -----Original Message-----

         From: "Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>



        Date : Fri, 5 Oct 2007 02:23:18

        To:gov.sarah@yahoo.com,"Kris Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

        Subject: Re: autism meeting




        Just read Heather's whole letter.  Man oh man oh man. There will be an uprising in the
        State's disabled community if they don't feel we're there to support them. Just thinking
        of the daily challenges secondary provider face daily in their own homes , we can't let
        them think we're not "there for them". Again I don't know this issue, but maybe I can
        look at a small change on the Health Council membership to look at things differently a
        bit?  Only 2 or 3 more meetings so it is only a small thing.



        F

        -----Original Message-----

        From: gov.sarah@yahoo.com



        Date: Fri, 5 Oct 2007 01:59:10

        To:"Frank Bailey" <ftb907@yahoo.com>,"K Perry" <kris.perry@alaska.gov>

        Subject: Fw: autism meeting




        Pls keep this email from my sister confidential. But it sheds light on what Dan was trying
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSP01_0006228
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         to tell us today - and you can share this with Dan.



         We do need to do a better job in other areas, not just oil and gas. If there are board
         meetings or events or PSAs that I could help with to prove our committment to helping in
         this area, please let's do it.




         We've got to break out of the merely oil/gas agenda that's been all-consuming this entire
         year.

         Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular One



         -----Original Message -----

         From: Kurt & Heather Bruce <khbruce@gci.net>



         Date : Thu, 04 Oct 2007 17:44:17

         To:sarah palin <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

         Subject: autism meeting




        I attended a meeting of the Governor's Council on Disabilities and Special Education Wed
        night and heard some interesting public comments regarding a meeting many of them attended
        Tuesday.  Commissioner Jackson spoke at that one, and the common response from people at
        the Council meeting was "appalling." Apparently many of the people couldn't believe some
        of the comments coming from Ms. Jackson regarding the services needed for the disabled. I
        couldn't follow everything they were saying, and sure wished I would've been there to hear
        myself, but I think what they were saying was that Jackson seemed to be downplaying the
        immediate need for services for our autistic and other disabled children and young adults.
        I think I heard she said our state will be healthy soon and won't need the services of
        non-profits like the Arc and Hope Cottages, and that we should have one entity to deliver
        services.   Does she mean babies won't be born disabled, and those of us who have disabled
        kids now can't be serviced adequately? So many of use the different organizations to help
        us.  Personally, we've used Hope, the Arc, Challenge Alaska, and Catholic Social Services
        to meet various needs of Karcher.



        Sarah, you can't imagine the lack of support we parents are experiencing these days,
        mostly because of the lack of funding for proper recruiting, training, and retaining
        qualified providers.   There is a wait list out there that Karcher has been on for over 8
        years.   There is a work force crisis such that parents using the Arc for support don't
        have providers from one day to the next. Several people got up and spoke at the meeting I
        attended and said they are happy for the new administration, have confidence in the new
        governor, and hope the mess left by Murkowski can be cleaned up. For once I finally got
        the nerve to get up in front of a crowd and speak. I was so totally out of my comfort zone
        and was absolutely scared to death, but decided the crowd needed to know that you
        understood our frustrations and had first-hand experience because of Karcher. Naturally I
        broke down when I talked about Karcher, but somehow I finished, in somewhat of a mental
        blackout.   Afterwards several people from out of town approached me and thanked me for
        expressing my views and your passion for our cause. I know you meet thousands of people
        around the state, but a few of these parents said you gave them personal attention,
        appreciated you taking the time to listen to them, let them take pictures, and remembered
        their names.


                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006229
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com    Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         Someone gave me a printout of the names of people on the State of AK ' s Health Council and
         pointed out that no one from the Autism Ad Hoc Committee was on the list .   Don't know what
         I'm supposed to do about that, but I do know some of the people on the committee and
         extremely knowledgeable about our situation.



         One of the most common , scariest , and heartwrenching topics we parents of special needs
         kids have is what will happen to our child ( ren) when we die. Who will take care of them?
         What does Alaska have to offer? Even if parents die wealthy , what services and providers
         are available ?  What good is our money if there aren ' t enough qualified providers to help
         our kids? Do you know how frightening it is to think of Karcher out there in society
         alone , trying to take care of himself , work , and generally function in our society? I
         think middle school is stressful for him and us now ; I can't imagine what it ' s going to be
         like for him in 10 , 20 years.



         Sorry   about this lengthy disjointed email . Some people I run into these days think I've
         got a   direct hotline to your office and can influence your decisions . I tell them you're
         doing   a great job, and let them know not to be afraid to get out there and educate others
         about   the situation.



         Thanks for caring,

         Heather




                                                        3




                                                                                                    PRA GSP01_0006230
