Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Friday, October 05, 2007 10:00 AM
          To:                       fnhcm@uaf.edu
          Subject :                 RE: Other

          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Thursday, October 04, 2007 8:47 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from: Ms. heather mcintyre

          address: 800 Smythe Street Fairbanks AK 99701

           907-452-4540



          MESSAGE:

          Dear Governor Palin,rnl am writing to you because I feel so apprehensive that we are going
          tornwake up some morning and hear on the news that the US has started arnpre-emptive
          bombing campaign against Iran...I have contacted SenatorsrnMurkowski and Stevens and
          Congressman Young ..... but I feel as though myrnvoice is not heard ...not heard because I
          am not a person 'ofrninfluence'...but you are-and you are the only person I know who
          might bernwilling to stand up and say &quot;STOP THIS RUSH TO WAR WITH IRAN&quot;. If
          everyrnGovernor, in every State was to voice their opposition to bombingrnlran...then
          perhaps something could be done before it is too late. rnPlease, please, seriously
          consider taking a stand on this issue.rnl have copied the text of an article by Reese
          Erlich from the October 3rdrnissue of AlterNet: http://www.alternet.org/audits/64221/ :rn
          &quot;On Sept. 26, by a vote of 76-22, the Senate passed a &quot;sense of
          thernSenate&quot; resolution calling on the United State

          s to declare Iran'srnRevolutionary Guards a terrorist organization. The resolution, pushed
          byrnformer vice presidential candidate Sen. Joe Lieberman, continues the drumrnbeat for
          war against Iran.rn    The Bush administration is preparing public opinion for a
          possiblernbombing attack on Iran. As with the months prior to the Iraq invasion,rnmajor
          Democratic Party leaders are climbing on board.rn    Half the warships in the U.S. Navy
          now sit within striking distance ofrnlran. Bush and Cheney have stepped up their rhetoric
          accusing Iran ofrnthreatening to start a &quot;nuclear holocaust.&quot; The British press
          arernpredicting that the Bush administration will bomb Iran in the nearrnfuture.rn     The
          White House is using the same propaganda techniques to whip uprnpopular opinion against
          Iran that it used four years ago against Iraq.rnHere's the real story.rn     Iran has no
          nuclear weapons and couldn't have them for years. Thernlnternational Atomic Energy Agency,
          the U.N. body that was rig
                                                                 1



                                                                                                            PRA GSP01 0006246
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          ht aboutrnWMDs in Iraq ,      says it has no pr!

          oof of Iranian plans to build nuclearrnbombs . The IAEA recently reached a binding
          agreement for Iran tornreveal its past nuclear activities and allow full inspection
          ofrnnuclear power sites . rn   The sophisticated EFPs ( explosively formed penetrators)
          supposedlyrnsupplied by Iran to militias in Iraq are easily made in Iraqi machinernshops
          and can be purchased commercially for mining operations . rn     For years Iran has given
          political , economic and military support tornShia and Kurdish militias , but the
          administration has never provenrnthat Iran is intentionally targeting U.S. soldiers.rn
          Iran does not plan , nor does it have the capability of &quot ; wiping Israelrnoff the map.
          &quot; If Iran is such an immediate threat to Israel, whyrnhasn ' t it already launched a
          conventional missile attack ? Suchrnaggression would invite immediate destruction of Iran
          by both Israelrnand the United States . So if Iran hasn't started a conventional attackrnin
          28 years , why would it possibly launch an ato

         mic attack , evenrnassuming it could develop a few such weapons years from now?
         Thernlranian leaders are angry ; they are not crazy.rn      Iran does support Hizbollah in
         Lebanon and Hamas in Palestine , butrnsuch support does not constitute a threat of Jewish
         annihilation . ThernU . S. and Israeli governments consciously distort and exaggerate
         Iran ' srnthreat in order to justify immediate military action . rn   For two years the
         United States has helped splinter groups amongrnlran ' s ethnic minorities to blow up
         buildings , assassinaternRevolutionary Guards and kill civilians in an effort to
         destabilizernthe Tehran regime . In short , the United States does to Iran what itrnaccuses
         Iran of doing in Iraq . rn     The hardliners in the Bush administration , led by Cheney, see
         arndwindling opportunity to bomb Iran before Bush leaves office . Theyrnhope to launch a
         massive bombing campaign which will so weaken Tehranrnthat the regime will fall and
         Iranians will see the United States asrntheir savior. Does

          this sound the faintest bit familiar?rn

           In reality , a U.S. attack would be disastrous . Iran could close thernStrait of Hormuz,
         through which 25 percent of the world ' s oil suppliesrnpass . Oil prices would skyrocket.
         Iran could encourage Hizbollah tornlaunch missiles into Israel . Muslims would hold
         demonstrations inrnEurope, the Middle East and Asia . Iran could mobilize that anger
         andrnencourage Shiite parties in Iraq to attack U.S . troops.rn        In a truly nightmare
         scenario , Iran could encourage terrorist attacksrninside the United States and in allied
         countries . When I interviewedrnSyria ' s President Bashar al - Asad in 2006 , he said , &quot;If
         you do arnmilitary strike , you will have chaos . It's very dangerous .&quot;rn       The people
         of Iran , leading democracy advocates and even conservativerniranian-American exile groups
         oppose an attack . They understand thatrnU . S. bombs falling on Tehran will only rally
         people behind the currentrngovernment . rn     In an open letter to the United Nations,
         former political prisoner andrnIrania

         n opposition leader Akbar Ganji wrote , &quot ; Even speaking about thernpossibility of a
         military attack on Iran makes things extremelyrndifficult for human rights and pro-
         democracy activists in Iran . Nornlranian wants to see what happened to Iraq or Afghanistan
         repeated inrnIran.&quot;rn        I don ' t know with certainty if the United States will attack
         Iran . Itrnis possible that the Bush administration is ratcheting up militaristrnrhetoric
         in order to intimidate European allies into tighteningrneconomic sanctions against Iran.rn
         And the decision whether to bomb Iran depends, in part , on actions byrnthe American
         people . Now is the time to let your national and localrnpoliticians know that we don't
         need another human disaster in thernMiddle East . &quot;rn         Reese Erlich is author of the
         new book The Iran Agenda : the Real Storyrnof U.S. Policy and the Middle East
         Crisis . rnrnSincerely , rnHeather McIntyre



         fnhcm@uaf.edu

         PLEASE ADD TO E-NEWS




                                                              2




                                                                                                         PRA GSP01_0006247
