Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




             Unknown
             From :                    gov.sarah@yahoo.com
             Sent:                     Friday, October 05, 2007 7:33 AM
             To:                       Katz; John W (GOV); Greene; Ben A (DNR); Rutherford; Martha K (DNR); Lefebvre; Richard
                                       A (DNR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Bates; Randall W (DNR)
             Cc:                       Balash; Joseph R (GOV); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV)
             Subject:                  Re: Polar Bears/Oil Development


             I agree and thanks for the info John.

             Sent from my BlackBerry® device from Cellular one



             -----Original Message-----

             From :   "John Katz" <jwkatz @ALASKADC.org>



            Date: Thu, 04 Oct 2007 10:30:13

            To:"Ben Greene" <ben.greene@alaska.gov>,"Marty Rutherford"
            <marty.rutherford@alaska.gov>,"Dick Lefebvre" <richard.lefebvre@alaska.gov>,"Tom Irwin"
            <tom.irwin@alaska.gov>,"Randy Bates" <randy_bates@dnr.state.ak.us>

            Cc:"Joseph Balash" <joe_balash@gov.state.ak.us>,"Michael Tibbles"
            <michael_tibbles@gov.state.ak.us>,"Governor Sarah Palin" <gov.sarah@yahoo.com>

            Subject: Polar Bears/Oil Development




            I thought that you might want to see the letters below, together with my reaction,
            concerning the effect of a polar bear listing on North Slope oil development.


          Privileged or Personal Material Redacted




            P.S.

      ,Privileged or Personal Material Redacted



      I




            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            <mailto : jwkatz@alaskadc .org> jwkatz@alaskadc .org. Thank you .


                                                                    1




                                                                                                              PRA GSP01_0006260
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com          Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          >>> On 10/4/2007 at 8:05 AM,         in message <47049EA3.CD3B.0090.3@ALASKADC.org>, John Katz
          wrote:




          Thanks for forwarding Congressman Inslee's letters. It's interesting to note that,
          despite all available evidence to the contrary, Inslee wants to foreclose oil and gas
          development pending further USFWS action.   I've also been concerned that the USGS studies
          would lead to calls for an endangered determination.



          Is it worth circulating a "Dear Colleague" letter pointing out previous statements by
          Secretary Kempthorne and the USFWS that neither subsistence use nor oil and gas
          development appears to be a causal factor in the loss of critical habitat?




          >>> On 10/3/2007 at 5:41 PM, in message <F73D529DOF6FBF4EA9DEB54ED10BEOOB574426
          @HRM09.US.House.gov>, "Kennedy, Kevin V." <Kevin.V.Kennedy@mail.house.gov> wrote:




          FYI!!!




          From: Osborne, Beth

          Sent: Tuesday, October 02, 2007 3:24 PM

          To: Dear Colleague

          Subject: Dear Colleague; Environment; Polar Bear Listing



          Deadline: COB October 4



          October 2, 2007



          Sea Ice Reductions will Result in a 2/3rds Loss of Polar Bears by 2050, says USGS



         Join Rep. Inslee in Requesting "Endangered" Status




         Dear Colleague:
                                                               2




                                                                                                          PRA_GSP01_0006261
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           The U . S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) has concluded that polar bears will almost certainly
           disappear entirely from Alaska by the middle of this century , and that by that time, we
           will have lost fully two-thirds of the world ' s polar bears .   The new findings indicate
           that the polar bear should be protected as "endangered " under the Endangered Species Act
           (ESA) because they are in danger of extinction in most of their range .     I hope you will
           join me in sending the below public comment to Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS).

           Early this year, FWS proposed to list the polar bear as "threatened " under the Endangered
           Species Act and also directed the USGS to contribute projections on polar bear populations
           as they related to sea - ice habitat in the Arctic before FWS ' final ruling . The nine USGS
           reports give us a better understanding of how melting sea-ice affects polar bears and show
           a more precarious future for the species than previously estimated.

           While the conclusions of the USGS reports are cause for immediate concern and actions to
           protect polar bears , they are not cause for despair . The studies focused on the "business
           as usual" intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ("IPCC") scenario of future emissions,
           in which atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are assumed to reach 717 parts per
           million by 2100.  The studies did not consider a scenario in which greenhouse gas
           emissions are capped at a much lower level.   Stated simply, " business as usual " emissions
           will drive polar bears to extinction with near certainty, but it is not too late to
           preserve them if we act now.



          Listing the polar bear as endangered under the ESA could provide clear benefits to the
          species .   The ESA is one of the United States ' most successful environmental laws and more
          than 98 percent of the species listed under the ESA still are alive today .                 Please join me
          in commenting on these new studies, and urging the service to list the polar bear as
          endangered under ESA .     To sign on , please contact Beth Osborne at
          <mailto : beth . osborne@mail . house . gov> beth . osborne@mail . house . gov or at 5 - 6311 by COB
          October 4, 2007.

          Sincerely,



          /s/

          JAY INSLEE

          Member of Congress



          October 5, 2007




          Ms. Rosa Meehan

          Supervisor

          U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

          Polar Bear Project Leader

          Marine Mammals Management Office

          U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

          1011 East Tudor Road

          Anchorage , Alaska 99503

          RE:  Comments on the Proposal to List the Polar Bear as a Threatened Species                  ( 72 Fed. Reg.
          53749-53751)
                                                              3




                                                                                                        PRA GSPO1 _0006262
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Dear Dr . Meehan:

          The U . S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) has generated new scientific models which ,
                                                                                            under current
          conditions , suggest an even more precarious future for polar bears since the initial
          filing to list the polar bear as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act
          (ESA) in 2005 and the Fish and Wildlife Service's (FWS ) proposal to list the polar bear as
          threatened in January .   The nine reports by scientists at USGS this month show that the
          polar bear is in danger of extinction in most of its range .     We believe that these new
          findings indicate that the polar bear should be listed as endangered under ESA.



         We appreciate that in considering a final rule , the service requested that the USGS
         investigate a number of scientific questions relating to polar bears and their sea ice
         habitat . The USGS conducted these investigations using existing and new observational
         data and scientific models . Based on this substantial and rigorous effort, as documented
         in the nine new reports , the USGS has significantly advanced the understanding of sea ice
         loss and its implications for polar bears.

         The USGS has concluded that polar bears will almost certainly disappear entirely from
         Alaska by the middle of this century , and that we will have lost fully two-thirds of the
         world's polar bears by this time .  The good news is that polar bears may survive in the
         high Canadian archipelago and portions of Northwest Greenland through the end of this
         century .  However, the risk of extinction for these polar bear populations by the end of
         the century is still unacceptably high : over 40 percent in the archipelago over 70 percent
         in Northwest Greenland , under sea ice conditions forecast by the climate models used in
         the study.



         Ominously , new observational data from this summer show that the actual decline of Arctic
         sea ice, on which polar bears depend , is underestimated by all currently available models.
           This suggests that these are conservative estimates and that Polar Bear habitat will
         likely decline even more quickly than the models project.

         The ESA defines an endangered species as " any species which is in danger of extinction
         throughout all or a significant portion of its range " and a threatened species as "any
         species which is likely to become an endangered species within the foreseeable future
         throughout all or a significant portion of its range ." Under the current circumstances,
         we believe the polar bear simply must be listed as endangered rangewide.

        While the conclusions of the USGS reports are cause for immediate concern and actions to
        protect polar bears , they are not cause for despair. The USGS study focused on the A1B
        "business as usual" intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (" IPCC ") scenario of future
        emissions, in which atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are assumed to reach 717
        parts per million by 2100 .  The study did not consider a scenario in which greenhouse gas
        emissions are capped at a much lower level .  Stated simply, "business as usual " emissions
        will drive polar bears to extinction with near certainty , but it is not too late to
        preserve them if we act now.

        Given the perilous status of polar bears in Alaska , we also must maximize the protection
        of their habitat . We are concerned that the Department of the Interior is moving forward
        with five lease sales in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas, in polar bear habitat, through its
        Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS) Oil and Gas Drilling Program for 2007 - 2012 . We believe that
        any further commitments to fossil fuel development in polar bear habitat should be put on
        hold until the Fish and Wildlife Service has issued a final listing determination for the
        polar bear under the ESA.




        Thank you for providing us        with the opportunity to comment on the new data .   As you know,
        the best available science        on polar bears and their sea-ice habitat has improved since the
        initial petition was filed        two years ago and there is ever - increasing evidence that the
        continued existence of the        polar bear is endangered. We strongly urge you in this ruling
                                                             4




                                                                                                        PRA GSP01_0006263
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          to continue to adhere to the ESA's mandate to consider solely the best available
          scientific evidence and not to allow politics to enter this process. We appreciate your
          serious attention to this important matter.



         Sincerely,




         Kevin V . Kennedy

         Legislative Assistant

         The Honorable Don Young

         Congressman for All Alaska

         2111 Rayburn HOB

         202-225-5765




                                                        5




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006264
