Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com              Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                             Page 1 of 3



             Unknown

              From :   John Katz [jwkatz@ALASKADC.org]
              Sent:    Friday, October 05, 2007 4:46 AM
              To:      Governor Sarah Palin
              Cc:      Talis Colberg; Sam Bishop; Cora Crome; Michael Tibbles; Mike Nizich
             Subject: Law of the Sea/Latest Developments

            Per your request for periodic updates, below is a good summary of recent
            developments in the Senate concerning the Convention on the Law of the Sea.

            As you will note, there appears to be overwhelming support on the Senate Foreign
            Relations Committee and among knowledgeable experts for Senate ratification.
            There are several reasons for this, not the least of which is the issue discussed in
            your recent correspondence to Alaska's Senators; that is, the Convention would
            enhance the ability of the US to assert claims to territory beneath the Arctic Ocean.

            Unless there is some major development, I probably won't provide any additional
            updates unless and until Senate ratification occurs.


            Law of the Sea
            Senate Foreign Relations Members Pledge
            Action on United Nations Law of Sea Treaty
            U.S. ratification of the United Nations' Law of the Sea treaty drew support from key members
            of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee at a hearing Oct. 4.

            Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) said he would push for the international treaty that governs
            ocean protection to be brought to the Senate floor as quickly as possible.

            Menendez, who heads the Foreign Relations Subcommittee on International Development
            and Foreign Assistance, Economic Affairs, chaired the full committee meeting in the absence
            of Sen. Joseph Biden (D-Del.).

           It was the second hearing the committee has held on the U.N. Convention on the Law of the
           Sea, following a Sept. 27 hearing at which Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte and
           others testified.

           Sen. Richard Lugar (Ind.), the committee's ranking Republican, also lent his support to the
           treaty.

           During the hearing, Lugar said he does not share the sentiments of the treaty's critics, which
           include Sen. David Vitter (R-La.), who has said the treaty would allow U.S. military vessels to
           be governed by an international body.

           Lugar, however, warned that the Senate's failure to ratify the treaty is tantamount to "allowing
           decisions that will affect our Navy, our ship operators, our off-shore industries, and other


           8/26/2009
                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI 0006272
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com         Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                         Page 2 of 3


             maritime interests to be made without U.S. representation."

                                                   No Vote Scheduled

             Following the Oct. 4 hearing, Olivia Alair, a Biden spokeswoman, told BNA that the next step
             for the committee is to vote on the treaty in a business meeting , though she added "one has
             not been scheduled yet." Biden expressed his support for ratification at the earlier hearing.

             Committee Democrats convened the hearing to examine whether the treaty that governs how
             commercial and military ships conduct themselves on the open seas would protect the
             environment , while maintaining United States sovereignty.

             The Law of the Sea treaty , which took effect in 1994 , is the first comprehensive , enforceable
             international environmental law covering all forms of marine pollution (land-based,
             atmospheric, ship-borne, and originating from activities on the seabed).

            Menendez reminded the witnesses and the panel that the Senate has failed to ratify the
            treaty, which the Bush administration supports and 155 countries, including Russia and
            China , have adopted.

            Lugar reminded the panelists and the committee that the treaty will continue to form the basis
            of maritime law regardless of whether the United States is a party. "Consequently, the United
            States cannot insulate itself from the Convention merely by declining to ratify," he said in
            written testimony.

            Lugar and Menendez dismissed those critics for creating false impressions about the treaty's
            impacts on U.S. sovereignty.

            Biden too dismissed the critics in his Sept . 27 statement . At the time, Biden emphasized that
            the treaty gives the United States control over its natural resources out to 200 miles, including
            those on the continental shelf.

            "No nation may fish or exploit the minerals of this area without the permission of the United
            States," Biden said. "Far from threatening our sovereignty, the Convention allows us to
            secure and extend our sovereign rights."

                                                     Critics Testify

            Despite their condemnation , Fred Smith, president of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, in
            testimony Oct. 4 described the U.N . treaty as "fatally flawed"

            Frank F. Gaffney Jr., president of the Washington, D.C.-based Center for Security Policy, also
            testified that ratification of the treaty would prove inconsistent with U.S. national security.

            Countering Gaffney and Smith were letters of support sent Sept. 24 to Senate Majority
            Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Minority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Kent.) by five
            former secretaries of state-Madeline Albright, James Baker, Alexander Haig, Colin Powell,
            and George Shultz.




            8/26/2009
                                                                                                         PRA_GSP0I_0006273
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com        Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com


                                                                                                        Page 3 of 3


             Negroponte also testified Sept. 27 that President Bush favors the treaty.

             "Joining will serve the national security interests of the United States, secure U.S. sovereign
             rights over extensive marine areas, promote U.S. interests in the environmental health of the
             oceans, and give the United States a seat at the table when the rights essential to our
             interests are debated and interpreted," said Ne roponte, citing a speech the president gave
                                                     aOb4n2bla4
             May 15 (94 DER A-40, 05/16/07)

             A U.N. report on oceans in June noted the rapid deterioration of oceans and called for "urgent
             action." In the report, U.N. General Secretary Ban Ki-Moon also urged the United States to
             ratify the treaty.

             Likewise, the Joint Ocean Commission Initiative has been pressuring the Senate to ratify the
             treaty, as part of a package of reforms to improve the environmental health of the oceans and
             marine ecosystems surrounding the United States. The initiative is a collaboration between
             the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy and the privately funded Pew Oceans Commission.
                 End of article graphic




            By Amena H. Saiyid

            Please note that my email address has changed. My new email address is
            jwkatzna.alaskadc .org. Thank you.




           8/26/2009

                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0006274
