Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
         From :                     PARNELL, S (GOV sponsored) [sr.parnell@alaska.gov]
         Sent:                      Sunday, October 07, 2007 2:30 PM
         To:                        Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
         Subject:                   Re: Adn today


         Thank you for keeping me in the loop.



          ----- Original message -----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         To: Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

         Cc: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Davis, Marcia R (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Martha
         K (DNR); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Leschper, Beth (GOV); PARNELL, S
         (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Sun Oct 07 13:34:17 2007

         Subject: Re: Adn today



         Very good. Thank you Joe (and Pat - I so appreciate your good info and reminders in this
         morning's email).



         It seems almost foreign to R and D leggies that we're sincere in our offer and desire to
         work together on this. There's obvious paranoia in the bodies that results in this
         obstructing wall built of assumptions that we "must be up to somethin'... surely they
         can't be willing to work together and maybe even compromise on this... that's not the way
         politics work...".



         I'm truly anxious to hear if they've got more/better info than we have to prove their way
         is better (whatever their way turns out to be), though I'm doubting that will come from
         the R's if they've really re-hired Pedro to come testify against ACES, and it can't come
         from the D's unless they can plug in numbers that prove our good of gross idea needs to
         be revisited.



         Thanks guys. I appreciate you and look forward to our town hall meetings.



         Really, none of us (leggies included) have anything to gain w/politics as usual in this
         oil valuation system. AK has everything to lose, in fact, if we let leggies pull us that
         route. Non-partisan, factual, confident presention of our information will lead us to AK's
         success. Getting them to believe that is the challenge.




         ----- Original Message -----

         From: Balash , Joseph R (GOV)
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA GSP01_0006304
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         To: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Cc: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Davis, Marcia R (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Martha
         K (DNR ); Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Anders, Bruce F (DNR); Leschper, Beth (GOV)

         Sent: Sun Oct 07 10:05:55 2007

         Subject: Re: Adn today



         Governor,



         I know its frustrating to have critics/detractors out there right now, but there will come
         a point where they have to put up or shut up. For those who want to do nothing, we have
         some fairly compelling examples to demonstrate why ACES is needed.



         For those who want to do something different, all we can do is express our commitment to
         working with the willing, so long as we don't undermine the basic principles. Eventually,
         Les and Harry will have to provide their alternative... and it sounds like something we
         looked at this summer. If that's the case, then we will get a chance to identify the flaw
         we uncovered.



         For what its worth, I detect a willingness among many of the Dems to work with us. What
         we need to do is make sure we appear (and are) willing to work with them.



        On the audit front, we have a three part plan to address these challenges. Its people,
        information, and very clear rules.



        We need the highly skilled auditors with company experience to help us find the needles in
        the haystack. However, auditors are only as good as the information they have to work
        with.  Currently, we are getting cost data after the moneys been spent. We need to change
        that.  We want to get forward-looking data, current information reported in real-time and
        in a meaningful format, and we want their returns to be amended as soon as they know its
        necessary.



        And finally, there are the rules on deductions. We are going to define what is in rather
        than what is supposed to be out. Its hard to articulate how big a change this is, but it
        is critical to heading off disputes before they arise. This includes some of the explicit
        exclusions that have been identified and included in the bill.



        I know this is a long explanation, and it is necessary for testimony purposes, but the
        sound bite is that we have a 3 part plan. . .people, information, and rules.



        Joe



        ----- Original Message -----

                                                       2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSP01_0006305
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com               Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




         From :   Palin ,    Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

         To: Galvin ,       Patrick S   ( DOR); Irwin ,   Tom E   ( DNR); Rutherford ,   Martha K (DNR); Anders, Bruce
         F (DNR)

         Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash ,             Joseph R (GOV)

         Sent : Sun Oct 07 08:36 : 00 2007

         Subject : Adn today




        I'm so thankful that Marcia attended the town hall meeting yesterday                        - if I'd have been
        back earlier from Juneau I'd have attended. Hopefully it went well.



        Marcia's comments today : ( paraprhased ) "( Auditing is a problem , not enough of them)....
        neverless the governor feels net will work..."



        This makes me nervous because it sure sounds like the dept has warned me of the problems
        with auditing ( and other obvious problems ), yet I ' m insisting net will work anyway. We
        have to be sensitive to things like this because I'm still putting all my trust that net
        will work in the experts who are telling me that despite all the problems , it's still
        better than gross.



        I'm not insisting on anything in aces except closing ppt ' s loopholes and work with
        legislators who may end up having more information that we ' ve used so we can plug in to
        allow aces to lean closer to gross as many of us supported from Day One.



        It's going to be important for Anthony Scott and others to be out there providing their
        proof on net , because we can't put words in my mouth without me being able, to back up the
        sentiments with proof that "I " know that every detail of aces is the be-all , end-all to
        get AK's fair share.



        I'll keep saying I have faith in the team and want the numbers to speak for themselves -
        it was the numbers presentation those last few days before rolling aces that proved to me
        it should be better than pure gross ... but I ' m nervous to hear any characterization that
        there ' s no wiggle room in aces to make it better , and that despite obvious continued
        problems with aces roll-out that I "feel " it can work anyway.



        Thanks and I look forward to the upsoming opportunities to let more Alaskans know that
        there's science behind this - it's certainly not something I'm feeling and/or insisting
        on.




                                                                   3




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01_0006306
