Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Unknown
           From:                     Galvin, Patrick S (DOR) [patrick. galvin@alaska.gov]
           Sent:                     Sunday, October 07, 2007 9:35 AM
           To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K (DNR); Anders;
                                     Bruce F (DNR)
           Cc:                       Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Balash; Joseph R (GOV)
           Subject:                  RE: Adn today


           Governor,

           Both Marcia and Joe attended the event; I was returning from DC yesterday. Marcia is a
           constituent of these guys, and has attend similar events in the past. I haven't gotten a
           de-brief yet, just an aside contained in a message from Joe that the event was primarily
           gross vs. net, and the Gara/Crawford message that there needed to be political compromise
           (mostly from us) for a solution to emerge.



           I was also troubled by the Marcia quote from article, and the implication that ACES just
           accepts the failings inherent in a net tax. I would guess the paper's paraphrase cut out
           Marcia's likely description of the ACES call for more auditors and more information to
           make a net workable. But this is the problem with a complex issue. This event was
           designed to rally the troops for a gross tax, and that was clearly the primary message.
           The article was actually less tilted than I expected, and does demonstrate the forces on
           both sides of us. A week ago the headlines said we were taking too much, this week we're
           taking too little.



          The gross guys are not providing any data to support their plan. The bottom line is they
          don't have data. Just the belief that gross should be better, and that we can have a gross
          and include "investment credits or incentives to the oil producers to work parts of those
          fields where it is more difficult now to extract oil." This strategy sounds good, it was
          one we believed in just a few months ago, but we hit real barriers to making this succeed.
          Our challenge is to quickly get that information out in the public discussion, so the
          limitations of the gross strategy can be understood. In private meetings with these
          legislators, it is clear they don't understand the oil economics as well as we may have
          thought, and they don't have any ideas that we didn't test already. The question will be
          whether they can change their position in the face of unbiased information in the
          interests of the state, or if they will stick to their rhetoric for political purposes.



          We're in the early stages of implementing our communication and outreach plan. The
          community briefings will provide a forum to get our message out in a similar setting to
          yesterday's event. In addition to the gross vs. net issue, where the economists will
          describe why the numbers led us away from a gross, we will also cover the state's audit
          and information needs, the government share issue, and closing the loopholes in PPT (i.e.
          corrosion).



          Our most valuable weapon is the unity between DOR, DNR, and the Governor's office. We got
          here together, and I know that each of the team members supports the direction we're
          heading.  We need to let the public see that. It will be demonstrated at the community
          briefings, and throughout the session.  Just their presence sends a powerful message. Tom
          and Marty have committed to help in whatever way they can, and Antony and his commercial
          folks continue to work closely with our economists to develop the materials we will be
          using over the next two months. This continues to be a true team effort.



          - Pat
                                                                    1




                                                                                                             PRA GSPOI_0006317
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com     Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          -----Original Message-----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          Sent: Sunday, October 07, 2007 8:36 AM

          To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Anders, Bruce
          F (DNR)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

          Subject: Adn today



          I'm so thankful that Marcia attended the town hall meeting yesterday             - if I'd have been
          back earlier from Juneau I'd have attended . Hopefully it went well.




          Marcia ' s comments today: ( paraprhased ) "( Auditing is a problem , not enough of them)....
          neverless the governor feels net will work..."



          This makes me nervous because it sure sounds like the dept has warned me of the problems
          with auditing ( and other obvious problems ), yet I'm insisting net will work anyway. We
          have to be sensitive to things like this because I ' m still putting all my trust that net
          will work in the experts who are telling me that despite all the problems , it's still
          better than gross.



          I'm not insisting on anything in aces except closing ppt ' s loopholes and work with
          legislators who may end up having more information that we ' ve used so we can plug in to
          allow aces to lean closer to gross as many of us supported from Day One.



          It's going to be important for Anthony Scott and others to be out there providing their
          proof on net , because we can't put words in my mouth without me being able to back up the
          sentiments with proof that " I" know that every detail of aces is the be-all , end-all to
          get AK's fair share.



          I'll keep saying I have faith in the team and want the numbers to speak for themselves -
          it was the numbers presentation those last few days before rolling aces that proved to me
          it should be better than pure gross ... but I ' m nervous to hear any characterization that
          there ' s no wiggle room in aces to make it better, and that despite obvious continued
          problems with aces roll-out that I "feel" it can work anyway.



          Thanks and I look forward to the upsoming opportunities to let more Alaskans know that
          there ' s science behind this - it's certainly not something I'm feeling and/or insisting
          on.




                                                           2




                                                                                                      PRA_GSP01_0006318
