Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Balash , Joseph R (GOV) Doe. balash @alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Sunday, October 07, 2007 10:06 AM
          To:                       Palin ; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Cc:                       Galvin ; Patrick S (DOR); Davis; Marcia R (DOR); Irwin; Tom E (DNR); Rutherford; Marty K
                                    (DNR); Tibbles; Michael A (GOV); Anders; Bruce F (DNR); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
         Subject:                   Re: Adn today


         Governor,



         I know its frustrating to have critics/detractors out there right now, but there will come
         a point where they have to put up or shut up. For those who want to do nothing, we have
         some fairly compelling examples to demonstrate why ACES is needed.



         For those who want to do something different , all we can do is express our commitment to
         working with the willing , so long as we don ' t undermine the basic principles . Eventually,
         Les and Harry will have to provide their alternative... and it sounds like something we
         looked at this summer. If that's the case, then we will get a chance to identify the flaw
         we uncovered.



         For what its worth, I detect a willingness among many of the Dems to work with us. What
         we need to do is make sure we appear ( and are ) willing to work with them.



         On the audit front, we have a three part plan to address these challenges. Its people,
         information , and very clear rules.



         We need the highly skilled auditors with company experience to help us find the needles in
         the haystack. However, auditors are only as good as the information they have to work
         with . Currently , we are getting cost data after the moneys been spent . We need to change
         that.  We want to get forward-looking data, current information reported in real-time and
         in a meaningful format , and we want their returns to be amended as soon as they know its
         necessary.



         And finally, there are the rules on deductions. We are going to define what is in rather
         than what is supposed to be out. Its hard to articulate how big a change this is, but it
         is critical to heading off disputes before they arise . This includes some of the explicit
         exclusions that have been identified and included in the bill.



         I know this is a long explanation, and it is necessary for testimony purposes, but the
         sound bite is that we have a 3 part plan.. .people, information, and rules.



         Joe



         ----- Original Message -----

                                                                  1




                                                                                                              PRA_GSP01 _0006315
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com                 Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          From :   Palin ,    Sarah   ( GOV sponsored)

          To: Galvin ,       Patrick S   ( DOR); Irwin , Tom E      ( DNR); Rutherford , Martha K       ( DNR); Anders, Bruce
          F (DNR)

          Cc: Tibbles , Michael A         ( GOV); Balash ,    Joseph R (GOV)

          Sent : Sun Oct 07 08 : 36:00 2007

          Subject: Adn today



         I'm so thankful that Marcia attended the town hall meeting yesterday                          - if I'd have been
         back earlier from Juneau I'd have attended . Hopefully it went well.



         Marcia's comments today : ( paraprhased ) "( Auditing is a problem , not enough of them)....
         neverless the governor feels net will work..."



         This makes me nervous because it sure sounds like the dept has warned me of the problems
         with auditing ( and other obvious problems), yet I'm insisting net will work anyway. We
         have to be sensitive to things like this because I'm still putting all my trust that net
         will work in the experts who are telling me that despite all the problems , it's still
         better than gross.



         I'm not insisting on anything in aces except closing ppt's loopholes and work with
         legislators who may end up having more information that we've used so we can plug in to
         allow aces to lean closer to gross as many of us supported from Day One.



         It's going to be important for Anthony Scott and others to be out there providing their
         proof on net , because we can't put words in my mouth without me being able to back up the
         sentiments with proof that " I" know that every detail of aces is the be - all, end-all to
         get AK's fair share.



         I'll keep saying I have faith in the team and want the numbers to speak for themselves -
         it was the numbers presentation those last few days before rolling aces that proved to me
         it should be better than pure gross ... but I ' m nervous to hear any characterization that
         there ' s no wiggle room in aces to make it better, and that despite obvious continued
         problems with aces roll-out that I "feel " it can work anyway.



         Thanks and I look forward to the upsoming opportunities to let more Alaskans know that
         there ' s science behind this - it's certainly not something I'm feeling and/or insisting
         on.




                                                                      2




                                                                                                                PRA GSP01_0006316
