Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com            Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored) [govpalincalaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Sunday, October 07, 2007 8:40 AM
          To:                       Leighow; Sharon W (GOV); Leschper; Beth (GOV)
          Subject:                  Fw:.Adn today


          Just fyi



          ----- Original Message -----

          From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

          To: Galvin, Patrick S (DOR); Irwin, Tom E (DNR); Rutherford, Martha K (DNR); Anders, Bruce
          F (DNR)

          Cc: Tibbles, Michael A (GOV); Balash, Joseph R (GOV)

          Sent: Sun Oct 07 08:36 :00 2007

          Subject: Adn today



          I'm so thankful that Marcia attended the town hall meeting yesterday - if I'd have been
          back earlier from Juneau I'd have attended. Hopefully it went well.



          Marcia's comments today: (paraprhased) "(Auditing is a problem, not enough of them)....
          neverless the governor feels net will work..."



          This makes me nervous because it sure sounds like the dept has warned me of the problems
          with auditing (and other obvious problems), yet I'm insisting net will work anyway. We
          have to be sensitive to things like this because I'm still putting all my trust that net
          will work in the experts who are telling me that despite all the problems, it's still
          better than gross.



          I'm not insisting on anything in aces except closing ppt's loopholes and work with
          legislators who may end up having more information that we've used so we can plug in to
          allow aces to lean closer to gross as many of us supported from Day One.



          It's going to be important for Anthony Scott and others to be out there providing their
          proof on net, because we can't put words in my mouth without me being able to back up the
          sentiments with proof that "I" know that every detail of aces is the be-all, end-all to
          get AK's fair share.



          I'll keep saying I have faith in the team and want the numbers to speak for themselves -
          it was the numbers presentation those last few days before rolling aces that proved to me
          it should be better than pure gross... but I'm nervous to hear any characterization that
          there's no wiggle room in aces to make it better, and that despite obvious continued
          problems with aces roll-out that I "feel" it can work anyway.



                                                                  1




                                                                                                             PRA GSP01_0006319
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




           Thanks and I look forward to the upsoming opportunities to let more Alaskans know that
           there' s science behind this - it's certainly not something I'm feeling and/or insisting
           on.




                                                        2




                                                                                                   PRA GSP01_0006320
