Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com             Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Perry, Kristina Y (GOV) [kris.perry@ alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday , October 08, 2007 9:33 AM
          To:                       Palin; Sarah (GOV sponsored)
          Subject:                  RE: Rhonda


          I spoke with Nizich and he anticipates between $82k - $85k. I can't think of any other
          pertinent details. While I'm not familiar with KTW's benefit package, I would imagine
          State benefits - insurance, leave and retirement - to be an attraction. When she and I
          spoke, she inquired on location, Anchorage or Juneau. I told her it would likely be
          Anchorage.  She also asked about timing, because of sweeps in November and I said that
          there may be some flexibility there.



          Should she want more information, i.e. benefits, I can gather that info for her.



          I'll call her now and ask that she give you a call.



          Kris



          -----Original Message-----

         From: Palin, Sarah (GOV sponsored)

         Sent: Monday, October 08, 2007 7:16 AM

         To:     Perry,   Kristina Y (GOV)

         Subject: Rhonda




         Pls find out how much the rural affairs advisor position pays - dont tell mike who's being
         considered yet - he'll not like the flexibility of allowing the person being headquartered
         where they need to be most effective. Pls call rhonda and ask her to call me when
         convenient, after you know more details of pay and anything else to add. Maybe Nizich
         should be the one providing the info as tibbles may be busy.




                                                                   1




                                                                                                            PRA GSP01_0006340
