Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From:                     Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, October 08, 2007 8:58 AM
          To:                       davies@mtaonline.net
          Subject:                  RE: Fish-and-Game


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us [mailto:webMail@gov.state.ak.usl

          Sent: Friday, October 05, 2007 6:01 PM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

         Subject: Fish-and-Game



         Web mail from: Mr. David Stephens

         address: 5881 Camborne Dr. Palmer AK 99645

           (907) 357-2535



         MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Sarah --rnrn2 am a sixty-one year old Alaskan resident who has been a hunter
         all of my life. The bear hunt near the Katmai Bear Viewing area is outrageous. Those
         bears are tame! Channel Two News in Anchorage showed footage tonight of bears walking up
         to people.  Shooting the bears is simply slaughter!rnrnThe current bear hunt near Katmai
         should be stopped immediately.rnrnPlease take action to close this hunt down. People can
         hunt bears, if they must, in an area where they have not been fed.



         davies@mtaonline.net




                                                               1




                                                                                                          PRA GSP01_0006342
