Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, October 08, 2007 8:30 AM
          To:                       throcktherock@gmail.com
          Subject:                  RE: Military_and_VeteransAffairs


          Thank you for writing to Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The concerns, opinions, and/or
          information you have sent are important and valuable to the Governor. Although she is
          unable to respond to each and every email herself, your message has been received and is
          being reviewed by the appropriate staff person in this office who can best address your
          need, suggestion, or comment.




          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov.state.ak.us (mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent: Sunday, October 07, 2007 9:19 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Military_and_VeteransAffairs



          Web mail from: Mr. Russell Throckmorton

          address: 8025 Normanshire ct. Anchorage AK 99504

           n/a



          MESSAGE:

         Dear Governor Palin,rn I am currently deployed with D co. 3/297th infantry Alaska
         National Guard.  I am not writing to complain. I am writing because I know how the Alaska
         National Guard works when it comes to awards. There are awards that are given that are
         deserved and not deserved, which cheapen the value of the awards given. This leaves us as
         enlisted soldiers at time to create our own awards that mean much more then any medal or
         ribbon that can be given by command. I am writing to tell you of one such award we have
         created to acknowledge an outstanding and exceptional squad leader that will be given to
         say thank you for true dedication, hard work, leadership and on occasion
         &quot;bullyness&quot;.rn      Staff Sergeant Jamie Nyquist was the type of leader who
         always leads from the front. SSGT Nyquist was a hard man to work for because his
         standards were always high but at the same time easy to work for because we always knew
         his standards and it was unwavering. I can remember cou

         ntless nights at our mobilization in Camp Shelby, MS that his whole squad would be asleep
         after a long day of training and he would be typing away on his computer updating manning
         rosters and other critical documents. All training was the same way with SSGT Nyquist.
         When other squads and platoons would be "blowing off" training SSGT Nyquist would have us
         out training and retraining.  He always knew our true limits and pushed us to that limit.
         In Mississippi he was dubbed the "Ranger Bully" because he wouldn't let us get away with
         anything.  rn     when we arrived in Kuwait with a low tempo mission you thought that he
         would lighten up... not a bit. He always kept the standard. I remember one time I
         decided it would be funny to make a funny noise on the radio while on shift. Lets just
         say it would not be a mistake I or the platoon would make in the near future. When we
         started working in Iraq I saw a lot of squad leaders try to act professional because we
         were receiving a "real missio
                                                                I




                                                                                                          PRA_GSPO1_0006357
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com       Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




            n". Not SSGT Nyquist ' s squad .   We had tru!

           ly been trained and honed for that very moment .   rn   Once we started working in Iraq,
           SSGT Nyquist ' s standards were adopted by many other squads . There were many nights in the
           squad had little sleep because we had a standard to keep and would never let it slip
           because we knew the " Ranger Bully " was always watching . His standards for his squad was
           high but not higher then his own .   Many nights he would go without sleep ( while we slept)
           to ensure that new lights were installed on vehicles or radios were properly working. I
           cannot even imagine all the thing he did that we never knew about and probably never will
           know about to ensure success of our mission. rn         Staff Sergeant Nyquist is what I
           imagine every NCO should aspire to be. He would make training and work fun but always took
           it serious .   The soldiers underneath him did not all come to the mission with a Infantry
           background but I am sure if put against any other infantry National Guard squad they would
           amaze any National Guard g

           eneral . SSGT Nyquist is never one to says he deserves extra acknowledgment or any praise
           but his squad members know he deserves more then any award that can be given to him by a
           command . rn At Camp Shelby , MS. the remainder of SSGT Nyquist ' s squad is giving him a
           simple award thanking him for his leadership .      it is a piece of ACU clothe with an Alaska
           National Guard patch , Airborne tab, Ranger tab, and a fictional BULLY tab .     There are
           rumors that you will be at Camp Shelby for our demobilization ceremony .      I was wondering
           if you do make your way down there if you could be there when we give it to him .      I think
           that it would make it mean that much more to him . Thank you for your time
           Governor . rnSincerely , rnSGT Russell Throckmorton



           throcktherock@gmail.com




                                                             2




                                                                                                       PRA GSP01_0006358
