Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com           Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Unknown
          From :                    Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored) [governor@alaska.gov]
          Sent:                     Monday, October 08, 2007 8:34 AM
          To:                       slainte@xplomet.com'
          Subject:                  RE: Other


          Ms. DeMerchant:

          Thank you for wonderful email!



          -----Original Message-----

          From: WebMail@gov. state .ak.us [mailto:WebMail@gov.state.ak.us]

          Sent : Sunday, October 07, 2007 3:34 AM

          To: Governor Sarah Palin (GOV sponsored)

          Subject: Other



          Web mail from : Ms. Paula DeMerchant

          address: 239 Route 725, Little Ridge , New Brunswick Canada                      E3L 5N5 OS E3L5N

           506-466-2037



          MESSAGE:

          Recently my husband and I returned from a trip to your beautiful state and had the time of
          our lives .   We booked a cruise tour through Princess Cruises which included a land tour of
          Anchorage , Denali National Park, Fairbanks , the Dalton Highway and ending in Prudhoe Bay
          before returning to Anchorage and a tour of the Native Alaska Heritage Centre .     The cruise
          portion included College Fjord, Glacier Bay National Park, Skagway , Juneau and Ketchikan.
          rnrnl know I don ' t have to tell you what a treasure you have in Alaska when it comes to
          land and ' scenery and people in general but I would like to bring to your attention the
          efforts of someone in particular that we had the opportunity to spend some time with
          during our trip.    His name is Greg Robbe and he is a bus driver with Princess Cruises
          based out of Fairbanks .   Greg was our driver and tour guide during the Dalton Highway and
          Prudhoe Bay portion of the tour ( 3 days ).  His knowledge of Alaska , its history , people,
          culture and in partic

         ular the Dalton Highway was amazing .      We learned so much from him but at the same time in
         three short days we all became friends because of him .      He is a true ambassador for your
         state and I think someone that should be recognized for it . rnrnMost of the employees we
         met with Princess Cruises were university students or migrant workers that were in Alaska
         working for the summer and overall did a good job but at the end of the summer they return
         to their studies/homes and very few are even ' from Alaska , so it was refreshing to be able
         to spend time with someone who works and lives in Alaska and whose knowledge was so vast.
         rnrnGreg is a true gentleman and our experience of Alaska was made richer because of
         him.rnrnAlso , of particular note . . . our bus actually broke down on the Dalton Highway
         (approximately 4 hours )... yep, in the middle of nowhere ... we had a blast !!!!!  This
         experience actually brought us closer together and made the trip more memorable. The
         reason I mention this is becaus

         e everyone stopped to offer their help an!

         d any spare parts they had on hand          ( this included an Alaska State Highway mechanic).
                                                                1




                                                                                                           PRA_GSPO1 _0006355
Searchable Analytics at www.CrivellaWest.com   Posted by msnbc.com, Mother Jones and Pro Publica. http://palinemail.msnbc.msn.com




          Truck drivers , caribou hunters , pipeline workers they all stopped ... it was very much
          appreciated by all of us and it was heartwarming because where we come from people don't
          normally stop to offer assistance because of fear.rnrnSo, Governor Palin, our hats off to
          everyone in Alaska for truly making this our most memorable life experience.
          rnrnSincerelyrnrnPaula and Peter DeMerchantrn239 Route 725rnLittle Ridge, New
          BrunswickrnCanada    E3L 5N5



          slainte@xplornet.com




                                                        2




                                                                                                  PRA_GSPOI _0006356
